That project will then be abandoned in favour of some other quickly completable component elsewhere , so that even relatively minor works can take years to finish .
Moreover , the ideological shifts that did occur can be seen to be consistent outgrowths of earlier party positions ; they did not represent , as contemporary propagandists liked to suggest , an abandonment of previous principles .
He shares A squalid abandoned house on the outskirts of the city with whoever else can find their way in .
We can see clearly what life was like in Early Minoan Fournou Korifi , because the site was more or less abandoned after that period .
Additionally , even when moderately-stocked , the tank can soon take on an abnormally crowded appearance which may not appeal to everyone . 
Bring a snorkel and flippers if you have them , or hire them locally , and you can explore little rock pools and the offshore reef , teeming with fish . 
Off from the imposing lobby is a more intimate bar where guests can relax in comfort , and the fresh breakfast room is furnished with a cool terracotta tiled floor and summery wicker furniture . 
After a successful spawning , problems can develop due to your pond becoming overcrowded . 
The Academy lists are full of spelling mistakes ; whether they reflect the carelessness of the artists or later wrong transcriptions one can not tell . 
Sally Gritten of the Penguin group -- normally as gutsy and go-getting as any Chicago-raised American can be -- writes to me thus , on tear bespattered paper : 
Or you can try making decorated eggs that will last much longer . 
Vinyl wall coverings and paper painted with emulsion can be washed . 
Whilst a mirror can allow a clear view of a painted ceiling , it can nonetheless be disorientating and disquieting . 
The backs of pews were generally panelled which makes them super for panelling a whole room if you can get the quantity , given a bit of designing skill and reworking . 
You 're going to a friend 's for a barbecue on a hot summer 's evening , and you 're walking up the drive and you can smell the barbecue sizzling away . 
So I mean , these foxes are still widespread and abundant , they can sustain seventy percent losses , so what human intervention are you doing ?
Though the number of cases where a link between HIV/AIDS and child sexual abuse has been made is relatively small , the long-term implications can not be ignored .
` Mr. Bennet , how can you abuse your own children in such a way ?
We can abuse or be abused by anyone .
When apheresis is used in combination with the new drug simvastin , it can reduce cholesterol levels by up to 75 per cent .
You can accomplish much more without any damage to health or mental stability .
With some hindsight we began to realise that the design and control of large systems can not be successfully accomplished without exceedingly large quantities of information .
ICD implantation can now be accomplished with a mortality rate ( including those 30% of patients who undergo concomitant bypass surgery ) of considerably less than the 3-5.4% reported for early implantation experiences .
A full promenade along Cologne 's inner ring , from Schipper 's far north oasis at Neusserstrasse to Thomas Rehbein 's and Monika Sprüth 's new settlements at Wormserstrasse can be accomplished in an hour without jogging .
Fuelling stations incorporate ` fast fill " techniques , where fuelling can be accomplished in a few minutes .
This can be most easily achieved by an observer who is present while the recording is being made and who can make a full transcription within a few hours .
Consequently the question arises , do we wish married and single people to be treated equally regarding their pension benefits and , if so , how can this be achieved in a final salary pension scheme ?
` I think there has to be a realism about what can be achieved without turning London into a fortress , " he said .
Which all goes to show what can actually be achieved when an analogue master tape is lovingly transferred to compact disc .
This can be achieved provided that the LIFESPAN Manager has allowed auto-assessment of DCs in the configuration file , otherwise an error will result .
You can also buy matching necklaces and earrings at bargain prices . 
I can see her little gold necklace twinkling like a star round her neck . 
` We are putting paper chains on their arms ; they can break them with a gesture . " 
A hard hat can protect you from having a metal spike go through your skull and into your brain . 
` I canna see it in this light ya fule , " the top-hat swayed angrily as its owner knocked the hand away . 
All I can say is that a bloke in a top-hat spoke to me . 
One can only assume that the purchasers of these lichen-grey accoutrements are members of EXIT , and that anyone attempting to rescue them would receive a bloody nose for their trouble . 
By combining a variety of ribbons of different colours and widths , you can create spectacular 3-D designs ( see far right ) . 
Here are just a few of the exciting badges you can work to earn : 
It lay over there with the gold helm made in Germany to replace the helm of Canute 's that had blown in pearls to the wind , beading the ashes of his forebears ' great hall at Orphir . 
Printed texts , if he can find them , may be wildly inaccurate , and notes and glossaries either hesitant or misleading . "
I may be adequate for staging and synchronizing embryos for some purposes , a precise analysis of developmental mechanisms can only be undertaken on cells of known age .
We can be more precise than this by referring to Goldthorpe et al . 's work .
I can suggest no more precise test than that .
In part three next month , we suggest ways of originating your own artwork so that you can design your very own printed circuit boards . 
An American scientist has invented a fuel cell which he claims can store hydrogen safely , thus making possible its commercial use as a power source . 
The phrase was coined by Sir Winston Churchill to describe Russia 's unpredictability and can be equally applied in a footballing context to Liverpool 's Israeli striker . 
Various pharmacological agents can modulate the IP 3 R but their actions are not particularly specific .
These can harm the consumer -- the ban on the sweetening agent cyclamate on the grounds that it could cause cancer is a case in point .
US officials report that Iran can produce several hundred tons of chemical agent annually and that it may have already produced as much as 2,000 tons of agent , including mustard , cyanide , and possibly sarin nerve agent , at plants near Qazvin , Parchin , and Esfahan .
Officials also claim that Iran has produced bombs and artillery rounds filled with these agents , and that it can probably deploy chemical warheads on its long - range missiles .
It must be noted that this latter source , cited by Anthony Cordesman , can not be independently corroborated , and firsthand data on Iranian BW agents is unavailable in open sources .
According to U.S. government estimates , Iran can produce 1,000 metric tons of agent per year and may have a stockpile of at least several thousand metric tons of weaponized and bulk agent .
According to U.S. government estimates , Iran can produce 1,000 metric tons of agent per year and may have a stockpile of at least several thousand metric tons of weaponized and bulk agent .
Chemical warfare ( CW ) agents are non-living , manufactured chemicals that are highly toxic and can enter the body through the lungs or the skin .
When this has been satisfactorily completed a specification for the new product can be drafted .
For example , employers can now pay full pension , without actuarial reduction , at any age between 50 and 70 , provided an employee has completed 20 years ' service with the organisation .
Addressing a meeting at a neighborhood center , a Goodwill staff member tells the audience how Goodwill can help them find and keep jobs .
This chapter continues with the topic of monarchy , an issue about which British people can talk readily and lengthily .
Although US and Israeli intelligence agencies continue to insist Iran maintains a stockpile of chemical weapons , no challenge inspections of Iranian facilities have been requested , and none of the allegations made regarding the stockpiling of CW can be verified in the unclassified domain .
A World Trade Organization ( WTO ) appeals panel Thursday ruled that although the United States can continue with its restrictions on internet gambling , some of the rules imposed by the country were discriminatory to foreign operators .
Occasional hurricanes can spoil the idyllic climate and contribute to this `` laid back '' attitude : Jamaicans are aware that circumstances can suddenly alter dramatically and yet life will always carry on .
When a business finds itself seriously short of cash it can often buy breathing time by approaching its creditors and asking for a moratorium on payments .
` As you can see , I 'm not quite ready .
Specifically , China reportedly has renewed negotiations on the construction of a graphite production facility , agreed to supply Iran with specialty steel , including the transfer of titanium - stabilized duplex steel , that can be used in the development of weapons of mass destruction .
The government can initiate inquiries by means of Royal Commissions , interdepartmental committees and so on .
For those commencing two daily injections , the fixed insulin combinations can be very useful as older patients often find mixing insulins a difficult exercise .
At Monterrey , publisher Luis Gabriel Cano , although shaken by the murders , issued a statement saying : `` We will not cease our fight against drug trafficking .
No such complexities for the Stereo MC 's ( can we officially quit calling them ` the underrated Stereo MC 's now then ? ) .
We can see that , in these terms , all immediate-return hunter-gatherers qualify as ` food addicts " because , never having been weaned , they retain the primal , nutritive addiction to the breast . 
It seems as though Mary has overcome her addiction and the family can settle down to peace and quiet . 
Kids like Tommie J . , made a ward of the court because of repeated beatings by an alcoholic father ; Alice , sent to a group home to get help because of severe behavior disorders ; and John H . , a recovering alcoholic , rebuilding a relationships with his family so they can live together again .
Diversion -- showing that one does have some practical experience of treating alcoholism and other forms of addiction can be guaranteed to result in a change in the topic of conversation . 
Either l get hooked on the story or message to the exclusion of the drawings , or am arrested by the designs and can not be bothered with the balloons .
She also reminded readers that the Oscar can get hooked on one type of food and refuse all others -- so that offering a varied diet was important .
This increasing prosperity is not , however , the only factor that can be adduced to explain the absence of successful revolutionary movements , or of such movements altogether , in Western capitalist societies .
There must be evidence adduced from which a conclusion can properly and genuinely be drawn that a contract existed and that the place of performance was the country in which the action was brought .
In other words , deviance can be used to suggest and support hypotheses about style ; but nothing can be adduced from , or proved by , statistics alone .
Two other reasons can be adduced .
It must be noted that this latter source , cited by Anthony Cordesman , can not be independently corroborated , and firsthand data on Iranian BW agents is unavailable in open sources .
But , so far , government officials involved in negotiating the 1992 directives can not point to instances of the Germans becoming more obstructive .
I ought to qualify this by saying that going direct from A to B can result in lost opportunities : The missed chances to connect households or businesses that adjoin the road .
Long narrow plots often adjoin older properties and this can give you the opportunity of working existing trees and shrubs into the new design .
His land adjoins theirs for one thing , and more importantly , it 's the only way he can expand in this area to include substantial buildings . "
The dining room adjoins a conservatory and in summer , weather permitting , with the French windows open , guests can enjoy breakfast in the fresh air .
I mean my house is actually right next to it and also the people that live at Shilton Edge Farm erm and you can see it from the airfield or the Kencot Road .
In this way , a dominant male can adjust the sexual state of the entire community to his benefit , through his scent alone .
Individual constructors can easily adjust the rates to suite their own fancy .
Delivery can be adjusted by turning the nozzle head , fitted on a screw thread , to give a fine jet with a range of 2 metres or more or a fine mist comparable with aerosol sprays .
The thermostat of an immersion heater can usually be adjusted by turning off the double-pole switch and removing the heater cover .
If the level of water in a cistern is too high or too low , it can be adjusted by bending the float arm ( if it is metal ) .
Under floating , the exchange rate can operate as a form of automatic adjustment to payments imbalances , although such adjustment may not be full or immediate .
The price adjustments can also be converted into yield adjustments or yield spreads to give , for example , the difference in yield between bonds with and without a particular sector characteristic .
Of course , the letters ( which have been created for the British Institute of Management ) have been generalized , but you can tweak and customize them to suit your needs .
So far as the desktop publisher is concerned there are many packages that can share data without any form of translation being required as well as a few that need some gentle tweaking .
By acting professionally ( dispassionate , responsible , with technical competence ) Britain can , through its army , embrace war as a means of creating an identity for itself in today 's shifty international order .
You can now see why we wish to commit the G M B to extend the role of health and safety representatives , to embrace environmental issues .
Her wardrobe is full of tops -- from the smart blouses she needs to wear on TV to a colourful collection of jumpers that she can wear around the home .
Included in your holiday price is a smart Sovereign Worldwide travel bag which , when not in use , can be folded away into a neat 8½″ by 8½″ square by zipping the ends together .
An ugly cement patch was carefully removed from the crown of the arch , and the stonework was left exposed so that the vigour of the fine carving can be appreciated .
The relativist denies that there is a universal , ahistorical standard of rationality with respect to which one theory can be judged better than another . 
They can be useful sources of old furniture , usually chipboard based but quite handy for shelves or backing .
An older horse , even one into his teens , can still give a lot of fun .
With a beard like that we can tell it 's quite old .
She was aware of her now , not just as a daft , cantankerous old woman but as someone like herself , fearful and isolated .
I found an old coat thrown across a garbage can in a back alley .
Since many of the extremely ancient rocks in which trilobites can be found are folded or otherwise distorted their remains can often be found twisted or fractured .
Counsellors who are younger than those they counsel must similarly allow that the feelings of older people can be based on quite different values and assumptions from their own .
The glowing young mother can also become a reluctant young grandmother rather early on .
The very young can stop feeding and rapidly become very ill .
This may be inappropriate if he is very young , or long since gone , but it can be worthwhile .
Obviously , purely objective criteria such as the patient 's age or the particular illness can not be justified or relied upon .
All children from ages 7 to 14 are welcome and there is no limit to the numbers who can take part .
With a promising new job at a plastic injection molding manufacturer , his legal troubles in check and a safe place to live , Jerry can get on with the business of building a life for himself and contributing to his community .
The New Territories can be explored by taking the Kowloon - Canton Railway ( KCR ) , which makes 10 stops between the station in Kowloon and Sheung Shui , the last stop before entering China .
North of the town , a commanding view over all the New Territories to the north can be seen from Tai Mo Shan , Hong Kong 's highest peak at 957 m ( 3,140 ft ) .
A very fresh addition to the arcade section , great fun and one that can be played over and over again .
There are also several open-air restaurants where you can enjoy fresh seafood .
Even now an army of servants was installing the huge gilt-painted plaster candelabras in the grounds , each one bearing three four-foot candles in the Russian national colours . 
Colonies of aphids can build up quickly on plants such as kalanchoe 
Kids like Tommie J . , made a ward of the court because of repeated beatings by an alcoholic father ; Alice , sent to a group home to get help because of severe behavior disorders ; and John H . , a recovering alcoholic , rebuilding a relationships with his family so they can live together again .
Dr _Gupto : On the other hand to be able to outline and do the thing that were talked about today to basically completely revamp the public health system so that local officials can talk to state officials that can talk to federal officials to be able to pinpoint exactly when a cluster of bird flu happens that takes probably a lot more money and a and a really a complete revamping of our public health systems .
Now tourists can walk among the seal herd and cuddle and feed the wide-eyed charmers . 
The injured dogs ' behaviour can not be differentiated from that of their uninjured pack mates . 
We can also see how the press were deliberately misled by the official statement put out by the Admiralty which was a pack of lies . 
These estimates could be somewhat accelerated or easily delayed dependent upon a host of international and domestic factors that can not be accurately predicted .
They are not places for quiet reflection , they are not clubrooms in which plots and schemes can be laid nor do they have useful collections of books , journals and other aids to professional thinking . 
Exhibition space was not needed the library eschews blockbusters , and its permanent collection of books , manuscripts and works on paper can not be exposed to light too often . 
Just 2 miles away , you can visit Ugbrooke stately home and park , a Robert Adam mansion built circa 1778 with a fine collection of furniture and paintings . 
Although the bureau manager who supports a large team of very part-time volunteers craves the injection of hours that the unemployed can offer , they equally crave stability and escape from the greater supervision needed by new staff . 
Flexible manufacturing systems ( production lines -- combining microelectronics and mechanical engineering -- that can make small batches of components cheaply ) are not yet economic in this country . 
These can be an entertaining way of testing yourself , and some of the more sophisticated products can be made to generate batches of questions for a paper at random , just to add to the challenge . 
An examination of changes in personal staffing decisions in the Senate between 1986 and 1987 ( when control of that body changed party hands ) , moreover , reveals that the personal staffing differences noted in the table can not be attributed to the disproportionate control Democrats exercise , due to their majority-party status , over other resources such as committee staff .
Because our sample consists of a cohort of individuals , calendar time effects can not be distinguished from duration effects . 
True zealots , for example , can join the Russian National Legion , a paramilitary organisation , which has sent mercenaries to fight in Moldova and Bosnia . 
Are there limitations on the classes of persons who can give consent ? 
Along with Douglas Hurd , this expatriate clique continues to exhibit all the hallmarks of the King Canute school of diplomacy and administration . 
The east frieze has a combat before Troy ( some painted names of heroes can still be read ) , and an assembly of gods no doubt disputing its outcome . 
Editing can range from simple assembly of " chunks " from different recordings , to complex production which requires both production and editing skills . 
Twin self supporting light guides can be used to light from an almost infinite variety of angles , and ring lights are available as are focusing lenses . 
But when a cat is upset it can produce a whole variety of miaowing calls that sound different enough from one another to be classified as distinct vocalizations . 
Similarly , when we look at the South in contemporary perspective , we can identify a wide variety of indicators on which it stands out . 
The fact that the rational expectations hypothesis is a free-standing set of criteria which can be applied to a wide variety of macroeconomic models was rarely grasped by early Keynesian critics . 
They work on the principle of a pantograph which can operate in three dimensions to carve a variety of materials such as marble , plastic and wood . 
However , an overall total of £87.4m per annum can be estimated by using a variety of sources . 
Sales promotions embrace a variety of techniques that organisations can use as part of their total marketing effort . 
Curtains around a bed can also hide a multitude of sins in patient care . 
This term can cover a multitude of sins . 
Or is the program to be bound in with the hypertext , in such a fashion that the whole document becomes a metaprogram , which can be selectively ` executed " in a multitude of ways ? 
“ If I were you , I should provide her immediately with a clutch of grandchildren to look after , and she can go on being happily the same until the day she dies . ” 
This , in turn , means that the female can only lay a relatively small number of eggs in a clutch . 
Alternatively , the parent bird can flee and live to rear another clutch of eggs elsewhere . 
However , the multiplicity of parameters that can be recorded on a DFDR system have substantially eliminated the need to use complicated methods for extracting useful information from flight recorders . 
In response to the multiplicity of factors affecting their lives , the peasantry have shown that they can act positively , making the most of opportunity when it presents itself . 
Obscenities have a kind of magic in children 's circles and they can be certain of raising shrieks of laughter from their friends , just by saying them aloud . 
I can only tell you that it is intended to be read by a very limited circle of people in the medical profession . 
The parallel between spin networks with dierent fundamental amplitude laws and the family of string and M-brane theories that can deform into one another is that in both theories we confront a family of theories having the property that dierent members of the family correspond to dierent particles , forces , and laws .
China 's missiles are operated by the Second Artillery Corps , and include about 650 DF -11 ( M-11 ) and DF-15 ( M-9 ) missiles opposite Taiwan ; several dozens of DF -3 , DF -4 , and DF -21 medium - range missiles that can reach Japan , India , and Russia ; and 18-24 DF -5 ICBMs that can reach the United States and Europe .
Taken together , all these requirements constitute a set of minimum professional standards by which individual practitioners can be assessed and judged . 
This partly explains why the review took the time it did , since the computer can spend nearly four days running a full set of figures . 
Configuration Control : LIFESPAN ensures that a precisely defined set of approved software can be issued and , if need be , re-issued . 
There is no parallel set of circumstances in which the question in 29 can be truthfully answered ` Yes " or ` No " : 
Just like Excel , Improv can use any reasonable starting value ( Monday , Week 1 and so on ) and produce a set of extrapolated values . 
On the other hand , a shoal of about 50 or 60 Spotted Rasbora , kept in a 4′ × 1′ tank , can be an extremely interesting exhibit in its own right . 
That is , you can have a shoal of bream of one size at or near the bottom of a water , and a shoal of bigger or smaller bream above them . 
When I have a shoal of feeding bream in the swim I can not rest easy . 
The next time you are along the river and you spot a shoal of chub , or an individual fish , see how close you can get VVI before they , or it , take fright . 
Schools of porpoise , dolphin and sometimes even turtles can also be seen but we were n't so lucky that day . 
The perch 's efforts are often disrupted though , by an invasion he is powerless to repel -- mass spawning schools of up to 20 minnows Pungtungia herzi can descend on his territory , lay their eggs alongside his , and then depart . 
To shorten the odds on reproducing itself it must produce a significant crop of attractive fruit , but it can not do this without the framework on which to hang and parade its wares . 
The use of systemic fungicides sprayed onto potato crops , and fumigation of stored potatoes , can reduce the incidence of the disease but the spread of infection is greatly facilitated by modern harvesting equipment . 
It is believed that some vines can live as long as five hundred years although such a plant would yield a negligible crop of grapes . 
Well , we can hope that the success last season in the FA Youth Cup means that we have an excellent crop of players coming through . 
A Mob of even five Boar Boyz is potentially very strong and can get stuck in once your core units are committed . 
For example , you can choose a Night Goblin Shaman if your army includes at least one Mob of Night Goblins . 
For example , you can choose a Black Orc Big Boss only if your army includes at least one Mob of Black Orcs . 
Considering that male red deer can hold harems of over thirty hinds , it is , perhaps , surprising that male success does not vary more widely . 
Every Saturday and Sunday , on the dot of 8.30am , hordes of uniformed children of all ages can be seen converging on Hampton Court in Surrey . 
Primitive , limited creatures that can survive on a small repertoire of set-behaviour schemata do not play in infancy . 
Don Kroodsma did an experiment in which he played normal and artificially reduced repertories of male canary song to female canaries . 
Members of the project envisage that up to 50 more birds may need to be introduced over the next two years before a self-supporting sea eagle population can be established . 
Many bacteria can also be isolated from insects and may be important in the natural control of insect populations , but the only bacteria which have been extensively studied and used as pest control agents are Bacillus spp . 
Unexpectedly , vertebrates apparently do not produce the enzyme cellulose and the process of cellulolytic degradation can occur only with the aid of populations of anaerobic bacteria in specialised fermentation chambers in the alimentary tract . 
Firstly , they showed that improving the vitamin A intake of at least some populations of young African children can substantially reduce their mortality . 
Sometimes rapid chemical treatment is the best strategy ; early spraying can check a population of some migratory insect pests before the natural enemies arrive . 
Thus evolutionary change in a population of organisms can only track and respond to the changes in the environment , continually being wise after the event . 
When water is running it enhances the village aspect and in spring flotillas of ducklings can be seen on it . 
Its great clumps of rough , hairy stems can grow up to 6ft tall . 
Stachys canata ( " Lambs Ears " ) is a perennial whose flat carpets look attractive in the garden alongside clumps of Helichrysum angustifolium ( the curry plant ) . 
These facilities and Iran 's overall program are currently undergoing close scrutiny by the international community and will likely remain so until controversy over the facilities ' purpose and capability can be resolved .
The test appeared to be Iran 's message to the international community that it can not and will not be bullied .
With a promising new job at a plastic injection molding manufacturer , his legal troubles in check and a safe place to live , Jerry can get on with the business of building a life for himself and contributing to his community .
As existing dominant males age so doubtless can the collaborative attacks of younger animals prove increasingly effective .
On the whole , though , triticale is hardier than wheat and can be cultivated more easily in harsh environments .
We believe that farming in the UK can meet these challenges .
As far as one can foresee at the moment , the IDP will make a valuable contribution to the development or fish farming , which is one of the natural growth industries for the area .
The action of aiming a rifle can have many reasons and a vendetta is only one of many possibilities .
If you can aim squarely , hold the club correctly and form a good stance , then you give yourself the best chance to strike the ball correctly .
Certainly more obvious patterning can help in disentangling one strand from another , but until more research is aimed directly at such problems , our understanding will advance very slowly .
We can therefore see such a plasmid as a temporary alliance between genes which induce conjugation in the host bacterium ( and so make transmission of the plasmid itself possible ) , and genes which help the host to survive and multi ply .
Should you have questions or if I can be of assistance in any way , please call me : 317.923.1331 , ext. 248 .
But if SARB and SARU did unite before then , given the personalities involved , can the IRB be absolutely assured that unity between SARB and SARU will still prevail in 1995 ? 
The fact is that they hold the uterus open , which means that egg and sperm are allowed to unite , but the pregnancy is doomed because it can not be sustained without the uterus closing . 
Often , more can be achieved by a combination of surgery , radiation , and drugs , or by combinations of drugs than can be done by any single means .
Assume that we can , for every combination of values of the significance level α and the fudge constant S 0 , calculate ( FP , FN ) . The goodness criterion is then formulated in terms of the distance of the points ( FP , FN ) to the origin ( which point corresponds to no false positives and no false negatives , see Figure 2 ) , which in mathematical symbols may be put as
The best I can describe the process for me is that it resembles noodling on a piano : I run rhythms and sentences -- or maybe not even sentences , the shapes of sentences -- across one another , trying out their sounds , and sometimes I get a tune-like combination of sound and syntax that makes me want to go on , extend and refine it , as it comes to dredge sustenance from the great pool of feelings and ideas that accumulates in a life .
A candidate with support that is broad but not deep , such as John Anderson in 1980 , can amass several million votes but carry no state at all .
In these and other models , households save for future consumption ( by accumulating money balances ) and in some cases firms can accumulate inventories for future sales .
If that income is lawfully accumulated in an irrevocable settlement it can not be taxed on the settlor .
Some are reluctantly accumulating properties in the hope that prices will firm up later this year ; others are taking the best prices they can get , without waiting .
U.N. officials privately say some food is stockpiled at the airport but can not reach the city because the airport road is closed .
Although US and Israeli intelligence agencies continue to insist Iran maintains a stockpile of chemical weapons , no challenge inspections of Iranian facilities have been requested , and none of the allegations made regarding the stockpiling of CW can be verified in the unclassified domain .
and uh it was uh T-shirts and jeans in the warm weather and jackets and jeans in the short weather uh the thing is here i 'm i 'm supposed to be an executive you you can uh uh take that or or not depends on where you 're looking from
In this view of the world , I can feel very safe indeed -- in fact , I am more than simply safe -- I am nurtured in the warm and cuddly child 's world of fun things like floppy disks , where I can cozy up to my motherboard , and pretend that I am a Dogcow ( a trademark symbol of Apple Computer ) for a character that can say words like Moof when it is asked to list Laser-Writer options .
Oh , I can see now that it was unworthy and beside the point but at the time I was so exasperated with the man and his perfidy that any ammunition would have done .
A Resistance group should use enemy weapons , or stuff that can take enemy ammo -- and the Company just did n't have enough Russian gear then , in the early Fifties .
For some leading executives , the cost of benefits can amount to 50 per cent of salary .
You can brown it in hot fat beforehand if you really want to . 
Turntable is recessed into oven floor and it can be switched off when grilling or microwaving food in square or rectangular dishes .
Fried and fatty meats are best avoided , but fat can be cut off before cooking , and meat or fish can be grilled or cooked in the oven . 
You can boil meat , potatoes , pasta or rice , make a stew or soup in the base pan , steam your vegetables in the steamer and simmer your gravy or sauce in the porringer on top . 
After adding water , the beef can be barbecued or fried .
My right hon. Friend can choose to appoint whomsoever he thinks fit . 
There are restaurants and a Starbuck's in the basement , and you can access the raised pedestrian crosswalk from the escalators on the ground floor .
The distance between the first and fourth bump should be 100 meters , and the distance between the fourth and the sixth should be 50 meters , so cars can not travel fast in the direction of the building 5- Barbed Wires : They should be placed around the building , around the walls , or on top of the walls 6- Nails Obstacle : These are placed at the main gate in order to puncture the tires of any car crashing in
Normal armour can not protect its bearer against the Hammer of Sigmar , and no armour saves are allowed unless magic armour is worn . 
The Civil War travelling exhibition of arms and armour opens at the Town Docks Museum on 11 April where visitors can see the armour worn by the future Charles II at ` the refusal " . 
The three different unit sizes can be arranged together to form a natural stone effect . 
A triangle is not a material thing , but a shape which material things may have , an arrangement into which they can be put . 
Officials also claim that Iran has produced bombs and artillery rounds filled with these agents , and that it can probably deploy chemical warheads on its long - range missiles .
Just as with word processing type can be set flush with the left-hand margin , centred or justified .
The work was centred on the PISAN CANTOS , which were written when Pound was imprisoned after his arrest on treason charges ( for broadcasting in favour of the Fascist cause on Italian radio ) . 
` I can not order the arrest of a senior staff officer within the Ministry on the basis of this . 
We can 't arrest without her evidence , that is clear , so the sooner we get a statement the better . "
Now I can exactly see the shape and size , the perfect fit , of the loneliness that is approaching . 
As you approach the border , you can glimpse the skyscrapers of Shenzhen .
If someone arrives here from Canada , how can we say that we will consider properly and carefully his application for political asylum ? 
Whether they have just arrived in this country , or speak little English or have difficult home circumstances , unless we see them as competent learners we will soon find reasons why they can not learn . 
Under this rule -- a generally accepted principle of international law -- governments can return would-be refugees who have arrived via other countries . 
And he says as soon as he can afford the boat ticket , he 's going to come home . " 
` You can come home with me , " Carson offered , and the speed of her reply shook him slightly . 
Cupboard doors were flying , the trash can in the kitchen walked a few feet , the dogs came running , and I scooted them into the dog run and stood in the doorway myself , watching the outside trash cans dance across the concrete .
But , Gov . Donald Carcieri , Providence Mayor David Cicilline and others told Chairwoman Susan Collins of Maine and Rhode Island Sen . Lincoln Chafee , they need more federal money , they need it to come faster when disaster strikes and they need a steady stream they know they can rely on from year to year .
If necessary , I can come pick it up .
Dr _Gupto : The problem though at any given time eighty to ninety percent of those ICU rooms are full so we just do n't have the surge capacity and that 's going to cost lots and lots of money to create a health system where we can take care not only of the ill now but the ill that might come in with a pandemic Paula .
But the exercise of choice must be a special one , for it must alert the parties to the fact that they are about to enter a binding commitment from which they can not simply opt out . 
In some cultures , a bedroom is private and can not be entered without permission , while in others it can . 
Chemical warfare ( CW ) agents are non-living , manufactured chemicals that are highly toxic and can enter the body through the lungs or the skin .
The New Territories can be explored by taking the Kowloon - Canton Railway ( KCR ) , which makes 10 stops between the station in Kowloon and Sheung Shui , the last stop before entering China .
The wool room , which is now converted for serving teas , has entrance from the house , and patrons can sit out on the gallery . 
As for the attack , England would benefit from Neil Foster 's return after a four-year absence if only they can be convinced of his fitness . 
Eight miles away you can visit the magnificent Arundel Castle , which originated in Norman times and was rebuilt by the Duke of Norfolk in the 1870s . 
You can also cross the Brenner Pass and visit Austria or from the western Alps , venture into Switzerland at the foot of the famous Matterhorn . 
Pre-booked groups can visit both during and outside normal opening hours at discount prices . 
You can reach it from St Gallen by road , climbing steadily to Teufen , then ascending through a valley on up to Gais . 
Only if this is done will older people be able to make choices and reach decisions about retirement which are appropriate to them , and which they can thereafter justify both to themselves and their social critics . 
For those who are not so energetic , the high peaks can be reached by cable cars and chair lifts from mid June onwards . 
Cambridge and Norwich can be reached within an hour 's drive . 
Taiwan is currently developing the Tien Chi , a short-range ballistic missile system that can reach the coast of China .
The Tien Chi , first test - fired in 1997 , is a solid - fueled , two - stage missile with a 300 km range that can reach China 's southeastern coast .
China 's missiles are operated by the Second Artillery Corps , and include about 650 DF -11 ( M-11 ) and DF-15 ( M-9 ) missiles opposite Taiwan ; several dozens of DF -3 , DF -4 , and DF -21 medium - range missiles that can reach Japan , India , and Russia ; and 18-24 DF -5 ICBMs that can reach the United States and Europe .
` I can easily get home .
I only hope I can make it . "
If you can not make it on that night , come to one of our First Friday meetings .
Scene : CANNIBAL ISLAND : hut [ Jack is running off with the bamboo pole tied to his back ] [ Jack encounters the cannibal boy , standing silently with a fork and a knife , one in each hand ] [ Jack grabs the knife from the boy , and begins cutting his rope off ] [ two cannibal women appear ] [ Jack charges , but the bamboo pole on his back spears a coconut in a pile near the cliff edge ] [ Jack turns suddenly , which flings the coconut off the end of the pole into a cannibal 's face ] [ the cannibal slowly lifts the dripping coconut off his face , scowling at Jack ] Scene : CANNIBAL ISLAND : cage [ the cage rolls over a ledge into a small chasm holding a river ] [ cannibals throw spears and shoot arrows at the men in the water , the men swim underwater ] GIBBS : This way , lads !
Hamyan Vahdati , who is said to be heading Iran 's nuclear program , says that no country can be taken seriously without a nuclear research program , and that Iran wants to have the technology and knowledge to make nuclear weapons in case it needs them ( 7284 ) .
If Iran can adequately demonstrate peaceful intentions for its nuclear program and allows IAEA inspections , nuclear power reactor technology trade restraints may be lifted .
Weapons programs can be based on indigenous ( i.e. , domestic ) production capabilities , or they can rely on foreign supplies and technologies .
You can view artifacts from the Bronze Age , trace the history of the Easter Rising , or revisit Leopold Bloom 's odyssey in Ulysses .
Baseboards can be prominent or discreet , a complicated assembly of board , cap and base , or a simple strip of hardwood .
There 's no doubt that exaggeration of symptoms can become a powerful factor in pursuing compensation claims , and if bogus claims do create an RSI bandwagon , genuine cases will fail as a result . 
Some idea of the incredible heat of the outer fire may be gained if the fragment is genuine which says that the sun is only the size of a human foot : even at such a distance , this foot-sized object can warm us ! 
It is a genuine two-plus-two , with a set of rear seats you can actually use . 
This transition can be accomplished by consideration of the intermediate step of the pseudo three-dimensional lamina model . 
The traditional dot matrix printer is fine for hammering out drafts and even pseudo letter-quality documents but can not hope to produce typographic quality text . 
The annual opening ceremonies and the regular sessions are open to visitors , who can sit in the public gallery to watch the robed and white - wigged Speaker preside over the legislative deliberations ( the Assembly meets on Fridays from late October until early July ) .
It also says major applications will be made available on plug-in cards but , as always , computer buyers should only assess what they can see , not what might turn up who-knows-when .
Secondly , CACI can specifically assess the catchment areas faced by any particular centre or retailer by analysing survey data , credit card data or other sources of customer information .
Wanless says a computer can be programed to assess personal customers .
Both tasks were designed to assess children 's ability to respond to some of the linguistic cues which can be used to signal the deductive/ empirical distinction .
No longer can the worth of an investment proposal be evaluated by looking at the immediate terms of the deal : the longer lasting impact of the structure of alliances must also be taken into account .
This means that science can have two histories , which constantly intertwine but never resolve , with one evaluated as positive , the other as negative and therefore silently suppressed even though it may remain determining .
Where continuous assessment of clinical competence is used , the ward sister and student can outline their aims for the allocation .
One can judge the age by length . "
You can judge the effectiveness of different methods by the number of eggs produced .
This states that individuals will value currencies for the bundle of goods that can be purchased with them .
They can also very often rank sentences in order of normality .
Sexual activities can be ranked according to estimated risk .
On each campus , there is a designated member of Student Services staff who can assist with any queries or put the overseas student in touch with an appropriate source of help .
Anyone who can help the team should contact Rod Jones on Middlesbrough 250325 .
But he insisted the international community can do a much better job in helping Iraq deal with its economic and health problems .
I hope Patti can help you soon .
You can help them to know that feeling .
Addressing a meeting at a neighborhood center , a Goodwill staff member tells the audience how Goodwill can help them find and keep jobs .
How can I help you gentlemen ? ''
He descended a bit more and shouted , `` Excuse me , can you help me ?
The relationships that are formed provide strong foundations from which healthy values and strong self-confidence can grow , helping youth become strong , independent adults of tomorrow .
Door of a plastic surgeon 's office : `` We can help you pick your nose !
Date : Fri , 6 Jul 2001 00:41:00 -0700 ( PDT ) From : steven .kean @ enron.com To : george .wasaff @ enron.com Subject : Can you help me ?
But thousands more animals are in peril of losing their lives -- you can help the ASPCA reach out to them by returning the enclosed reply form with your gift today .
'' Now , how can I help the elegantly mannered friend of my Nepthys and his surprising young charge ?
Artificial light sources can be used to supplement daylight , to help reset a person 's internal clock to the correct new time zone when traveling .
Since its re-organization , MCCOY has established its unique niche within the community by refraining from direct service programming and focusing on what it does best : helping to identify youth needs , convening groups of individuals and organizations which can address those needs , and moving toward collaborative solutions .
Because the ASPCA -- and the thousands of animals we help every year -- need all the friends we can get !
Finally , I am now using this medium to tell you that , if you have also had any scam experience on-line or been a victim , please tell the center about it , how it happened that you got scammed , they will help you to refund your money or you can also help any close fellow you know around you that he or she has been scammed before , to help refund his/her money back from this paying center .
I know that during difficult times , sometimes words emerge that can help people through difficult times .
You can help make positive changes in the lives of at-risk youth in central Indiana .
Employers can receive assistance with work permits for non EC Citizens taking up employment in Northern Ireland .
Programmed texts can not replace the teacher , but do enable her to give more individual assistance to learners .
It is hoped that the Director of Conciliation , Mr. Ray McGee will be of assistance to both parties in order that agreement can be reached on this issue .
David Morgan , presenting the donation for the bank , said : ` I 'm delighted that we can be of any assistance . "
Yes , Mrs Jones , we have a room booked for you on the thirtieth of July -- can I be of any assistance to you ?
Should you have questions or if I can be of assistance in any way , please call me : 317.923.1331 , ext. 248 .
Discussion of the film afterwards can aid the teacher in evaluating the effectiveness of the film .
Why am telling you all this because now my life in danger and well know that your stranger which you can help me out ! !!
The numbers of children who deserve our services are rising ... as quickly as our programs can grow to serve them .
In Virginia , callers to the statewide toll free number now are not only routed to an intake worker in the program serving their area , but can hear informative recordings on relevant legal topics twenty-four hours a day , in English and Spanish .
Reaching a `` steady-state '' system of open-access publishing by scientific societies will require three critical components : recognition that open access serves societies ' members and missions ; diversified revenue streams not solely dependent on subscription or site-license fees ; and society publishers ' making use of recent innovations in journal production and dissemination , which can dramatically reduce the costs of publishing .
.. as quickly as our programs can grow to serve them .
Kids like Tommie J . , made a ward of the court because of repeated beatings by an alcoholic father ; Alice , sent to a group home to get help because of severe behavior disorders ; and John H . , a recovering alcoholic , rebuilding a relationships with his family so they can live together again .
` Well , he can atone for his sins by waiting on you for a few days , " Jack said laughingly . 
He can work comfortably and easily despite the weight and restriction of the line fastened to his collar . 
Police in anti-explosive gear were removing three other similar black can-like objects fastened to the pylon by vinyl tape about 3 meters ( 10 feet ) above the ground , the spokesman said .
In the wild they attach their canopies by a little silk pad to the plant 's stem , or a leaf : the lid is the obvious substitute for this . 
Attach a screw-eye into the end of the batten near to the wall into which the end curtain hook can be slotted . 
The add-list can then be stapled to each batch of invoices for the accounting period as a permanent record and filed on a lever arch file for each contract . 
Data can also be pasted into word processing documents . 
Again you can pick up the stitches and knit them directly on to the edge , or you can knit long strips or tubes and sew them neatly in place . 
NB Straight seam tape can be used instead of pocketed tape , but you will then need to sew on rings individually . 
They can either draw their contribution directly onto the paper , or they can stick their drawings onto a large wall map . 
Stick the balls on knitting needles so that you can hold them easily while you 're painting and then stand the knitting needles in a jar so that the heads can dry safely . 
The body louse may lay its eggs in clothing or bedding , while the head louse , like the crab louse , cements its eggs on to hairs forming ` nits " , which are the size of a pin-head and can just be made out with the naked eye . 
How can I fix a gate post to a wall ? 
To fix sheet mirror to walls , you can either use clips screwed to the wall , screws or adhesive . 
" I can fix a trellis to that garage wall , and we can have climbing plants all over it . 
If the wall is reasonably flat you can fix the board directly to it . 
The cotton can be fixed by first coating the board with glue size or a coat of PVA glue . 
They can be fixed directly to masonry . 
It gives me a tremendous advantage in that I can moor the punt about 15yds back from the top of the shelf , in the shallower water , out of sight of the bream . 
Drill and plug the wall so you can anchor the box in place with screws , then make good around the box with cellulose filler . 
The muscle power of the knee can be gauged from a bony ridge , called the cnemial crest , marking the point of attachment for knee tendons . 
They have been the nucleus of several hundred self-employed artisans manufacturing these bicycle attachments who can be seen on open sites across Nairobi . 
You can not yoke the dragonfly and make it drive the corn-mill .
How can the author have the freedom to connect two nodes for the benefit of hypertext browsers without forcing the traversal algorithm to follow that path ?
This cannula was connected to another polyethlene cannula placed in the duodenum to permit the circulation of the pancreatic secretion into the duodenum .
You can even connect a 5.25" diskette drive to the external drive port .
Before describing the ways in which pipes can and can not be joined to soil stacks , it is necessary to have a look at the different materials used in waste plumbing .
Some consist of a simple bowl with a lip , over which the water trickles , while others come in sections of varying lengths and shapes which can be joined together to form complex arrangements .
This means that sensors can often be mounted directly on the walls of metal reaction vessels and pipework . 
These two values can usually be varied by controls mounted on the gyro itself or , in some cases , also changed at the transmitter . 
We can always attack from the south , at a pinch . "
As pressure mounts here and at home for U. S. troops to start leaving , the assault in Diyala province this month showed how far the Iraqis must go before they can stand on their own .
The acquisition and creation of these various weapon systems can also be seen as a response to Iran 's own experience as a victim of chemical and missile attacks during the Iran - Iraq War .
CBW can have a greater psychological impact than conventional explosives , as suggested by the 2001 anthrax letter attacks , which killed only five people but frightened millions of Americans .
The goal of the current United States-led offensive , he said , is to strengthen the government and weaken the insurgents so that when negotiations come , they can produce " reasonable outcomes .
, relatively low civilian-casualty ) strikes and Saddam escapes , as he did in 1991 , the Republicans can charge him with timid leadership ( unsurprising from a chicken who dodged the draft ) .
Experts speculated that the announcement of the proposal -- which can not become policy until after parliamentary elections later this year -- was aimed at warning Pakistan against a first strike and at reassuring the world of India 's sense of nuclear responsibility .
The body of the adult human , however , can often withstand this chemical onslaught and ultimately recover fully .
The legal question is how far the trust can be respected in the face of the onslaught of creditors .
Four months after the People 's Liberation Army stormed central Peking with the loss of hundreds of lives , few can have any doubt about the party 's determination to enforce this Maoist maxim .
We can , however , make some attempt at understanding the cognisant act on the model of a physical act . 
Perhaps we can now hazard an attempt at defining ` a good reader " . 
Lipschitz notes that ‘ while feminist therapists can attempt the abolition of inhibition in empowering practices , they can not abolish repression … to suggest this is to abolish the unconscious ’ ( 1978 : 29 ) . 
my impression is that people try to uh to do both if they can as tough as that is
Can you imagine trying to raise ten children in a two - bedroom apartment ?
I begin by vitiating my assumption that one can not prestate the configuration space of a biosphere , then try to show that the implications are that the number of potentially relevant properties is vastly hyperastronomical and that there is no way in the lifetime of the universe for any knower within the universe to enumerate , let alone work with , all the possible properties or categories and their causal consequences .
Here , in Investigations , I am trying to point at the mysterious but utterly natural hopefulness in which an increasing diversity of broken symmetries in the universe creates the diversity of structures and processes that can constitute and identify ramified and ramifying sources of energy , detect those sources of energy , create devices and processes that couple to those sources of energy , and generate yet more diversity that propagates macroscopic order even further .
Do n't worry about trying to take in these views while driving , for there are many stopping places along the way where you can take photographs or simply enjoy the panorama .
And sometimes they would be standing up in the train trying to get leave before they went overseas and there I was a child of maybe 11 or 12 years old and , uh , I can remember very clearly the young man 's face that taught me two or three new games of solitaire that I still teach my grandchildren how to play now and still play myself sporadically and remember that time .
They 're trying to discover whether CWD strains exist that can affect the length of the disease process and different regions of the brain or that can infect different species , including humans .
Computers have the ability to undertake masses of calculations very rapidly , they can perform a number of separate operations at one and the same time , and have the ability to store massive amounts of information .
You can try your luck at pari mutuel betting on jai-alai at pari mutuel , greyhound - racing at the Cani­drome ( one of the largest in the world ) , and harness - racing on Taipa .
` Believe it , Hilary , "  he urged gently , and when she smiled he whispered , ` Can we go back to bed now ? "  
But the Commission would nevertheless urge that greater place be given to silence in our services , so that all present can be still before God in silent reflection and prayer . 
We can imagine a departmental head in a local authority urging his/her staff to be the most efficient and effective , the most caring or the friendliest department . 
Indeed , Dorinda now advises other women to recognize that beauty can not be made to last , and Leapor closes the poem urging women to improve themselves spiritually so that old age will be satisfying : 
` You can not do this , I beg of you ! "  
Mr Gorbachev may refrain from saying it publicly on Saturday but he can be expected to press Mr Honecker all the more urgently in private .
I am under pressure from a wide range of general practitioners to bring the list size criterion down and to extend the range of care that can be purchased by GP fund holders .
Can I suggest that , rather than a draconian ban on book copying ( which will be ignored by Herbarium staff anyway ) , we try to replace this machine with one with a flexible lid to cut down on light ingress , as found in most libraries & universities ?
However , we also discovered that in hundreds of cases each year , the court recommends that a GAL be appointed but can not do so because the families ca n't afford the fee . ''
We can also recommend that research efforts should include an ED focus and that emergency medicine experts should be included in the grant review process .
Sequel to this she has asked me to look for and recommend a reputable and reliable person/company who can conveniently and sincerely be in Partnership with her in the investment .
I 'm not sure we determined anything conclusive , but I guess we can heartily recommend the Powerbar Harvest flavor , at least on grounds of taste .
This is where I think the book will be most successful , but this book should not just be limited to young people—I can recommend it to anyone who wants to know about evolution .
Under quite general circumstances , it can be proved ( though not in the space of a single magazine column ) that free markets yield exactly those outcomes the cost-benefit principle recommends .
I love the fact that Amazon knows who I am and can recommend books to me when I come to their home page ( they 've yet to recommend my book to me , but I 'm sure they 'll get around to that soon enough ) .
All three had attended Edward IV 's funeral in the previous month , as had several other former royal servants who can be associated with Gloucester in this period .
If you can get up early enough , you can attend the pre-dawn auction held at the vast local wholesale fish market ; otherwise , have a look at the street market that goes on later in the day .
She believes that before any adult can reach his or her full potential , they must first turn their attention to healing the hurt child within . 
Although most of us can recognize without difficulty the importance that the emotions play in our lives , the subject has been given little systematic attention by the disciplines most concerned with furthering understanding of human behaviour . 
Here you can forget crowded car parks , traffic jams and distracting street noises and focus your attention on the business in hand . 
We can consciously direct our attention to certain things and think about them . 
It 's time now to turn our attention to how video can fit into our teaching as a whole . 
But … please , sir , can you come with me and see for yourself ? ''
Early 1990s , According to the British Observer , the British government exported chemicals to Iran that can be used to manufacture weapons .
According to U.S. government estimates , Iran can produce 1,000 metric tons of agent per year and may have a stockpile of at least several thousand metric tons of weaponized and bulk agent .
According to U.S. government estimates , Iran can produce 1,000 metric tons of agent per year and may have a stockpile of at least several thousand metric tons of weaponized and bulk agent .
At low doses of omeprazole doctors believe they can avoid any danger of cancer . 
There were three exercises including answering questions on crime prevention , studying a video and devising a board game to illustrate how young people can avoid getting into trouble or danger . 
The best hope for Buckingham Palace must be that the couple can avoid divorce , put their disappointments aside and agree on a distant but reasonably amiable working partnership . 
In Chapter 6 we shall look at what some of these common misapprehensions are , so that people can avoid creating unnecessary disappointment and frustration for themselves . 
Do everything you can to avoid mishaps by being adequately prepared but ask yourself again -- does it really matter ? 
But you can avoid it by simply leaving the tops on . 
Alas , headless flies can learn to hold their legs in a particular position to avoid a shock , and even solve the problem faster than those still encumbered with brains . 
This tendency to catch and pull happens most often when approaching the workpiece , but with experience I found this can be avoided easily by working against the rotation . 
Generally , eating problems can be avoided by being flexible with your puppy from the start , varying the eating location , alternating types of dog food , and changing feeding times . 
The obligation to make or take delivery can be avoided by an offsetting purchase or sale before the settlement date , and normally only a small proportion of all contracts are settled by delivery . 
Only thus , in fact , can over-pressurizing of the young be avoided -- by developing their capacity to be able to think effectively for themselves . 
In such cases it is essential for the predators to evolve inborn reactions to the warning signals of the lethal prey , so that they can be avoided without any learning process taking place . 
Happily , however , it 's one you can easily avoid by talking to BSB today . 
If you come to an obstruction in a road you can seek to circumvent it or you can retrace your journey to the nearest fork and avoid that road altogether . 
Their prey can not escape detection by remaining still , however . 
No-one can escape the influences surrounding them . 
The central requirement can not be escaped : almost every action that would remedy and reassure involves the relationship between the citizen and the state . 
He may not exercise his rights or he may shirk his duties , but he can not forgo them . 
And while Jo 's able to shrug off the speculation , she can understand why Craig , who 's just as down-to-earth , might shun the limelight . 
The tainted places near the mountains are shunned by all but the boldest Elves for lurking evil can strike the unwary even here . 
She sidestepped answering , saying `` with proper procedures and with proper formalities , all can come to attend the forum . ''
Epidemiological risk factors are somehow linked with destabilising influences on breathing , and it is through their avoidance or modulation -- for instance through a change in the sensory environment of sleep -- that risk of death can be reduced . 
Both of these cases , incest avoidance and the development of colour vocabularies , illustrate nicely how biological constraints in cognition , based on specific genes , can influence the formation of culture . 
Above 7500 metres , climbers who eschew bottled oxygen play a deadly physiological game where the penalty for miscalculation , while usually not immediate , can be terminal . 
It can therefore be assumed that the Soviet commanders are fully aware of the situation , if not totally in control of it . 
Others , however , would rather maintain that these charges have sometimes been exaggerated , but that they do highlight genuine dangers of which one ought to be aware in reading Barth : dangers which lie partly in what he actually says , but also partly in what he can very easily be taken to be saying when his real meaning is subtly but significantly different . 
Sore experience on the Debenham house made him very aware of how easily original details can be lost in inexpert hands . 
Gould , aware Quinn is a player who can capitalise on the exciting skills of Peter Ndlovu , agreed a £250,000 fee with Newcastle manager Kevin Keegan on Friday . 
As Cuba is painfully aware , the US is the only superpower left in the Caribbean basin , and no country can afford to be its enemy . 
Occasional hurricanes can spoil the idyllic climate and contribute to this `` laid back '' attitude : Jamaicans are aware that circumstances can suddenly alter dramatically and yet life will always carry on .
However , you are not likely to find bargains , and you should be aware that unless you are an expert , you can end up with a fake .
Because conflict often involves the awareness of being wronged in some way , unresolved past experiences of unfairness , injury or maltreatment can have a powerful effect as we react and respond to more contemporary occurrences . 
Without this awareness of ` one another " , our personal relationships can be shadowy , superficial and unreal . 
They should increase awareness of where victims can get help and support . 
Stella can not afford to believe the fact that Blanche could be right . 
1 ) Voters can `` buy '' one of two brands when they select their political agents -- a Republican brand that believes in the minimalist state and in the virtues of private markets over the vices of public action , and a Democratic brand that believes in big government and in public intervention to remedy the excesses attendant to the pursuit of private interest .
Urban life for him demanded a more human scale , a city like Durham or Bristol , a place that one can comprehend as a city . 
Thus , Bertin ( 1983 ) defined the concept of a ` map-to-see " as ` a clear graphic representation which can be comprehended in a short moment " . 
The harshness of the new poor law of 1830 , and the fears it instilled in the minds of the working class , can scarcely be comprehended by the " poor " of the present times . 
` I can well comprehend your daughter 's being upset but , I assure you , I would have given a great deal to prevent it . 
Maybe society can not comprehend what love is any more . 
` How can you comprehend the difficulties of my situation ? 
The reader can judge for himself whether his comprehension would have been fuller if he had known this topic . 
In cases of conduction aphasia , comprehension of spoken words and simple spoken sentences can be intact . 
No man can comprehend the things of God : if there is to be any comprehension on our part , then the onus is on God to reveal himself . 
The mind that can not conceive the benefits to accrue by a coming together and a binding by paternal ties of a people having common sympathy must be wayward indeed . 
I know it is difficult to discuss a scientific topic nowadays without dragging in recombinant DNA somehow , but I can not conceive of even the most tenuous connection between genetic engineering and the quantum theory . 
Look I can not conceive of development taking place on this land without coming into conflict with those policies . 
They can not conceive the rest of the country is not in the same shape . " 
No matter how drunk I was , I can not conceive I could possibly have shown any interest in the Party 's literature service . 
We can not even start to conceive what conditions might be like in that universe , but there is no reason to conclude , point-blank , that it does not exist . 
A year later the student can not conceive why he had such difficulty and suspicion about the nature of vectors . 
None of us can conceive that we might die before our parents . 
Our conception of how language relates to reality is such that we can not see ` I like Auntie Kate " as itself a bit of Auntie-Kate-liking behaviour . 
mhm Well I think it can go from anything , I mean just a vague feeling of suddenly being put off what you 're talking about because you 've suddenly become conscious of how you 're looking . 
And similarly we can imagine constant electric and magnetic fields . 
` You can imagine just how difficult that might be , to deceive New York State Police , " said Mr Curtis . 
It was for war charities but can you imagine anything more barbarous ? " 
Can you imagine the pandemonium we caused ? 
The factory runs from 8.30 in the morning until 10 at night , so you can imagine the quantity of strings these people are putting out . 
I can hardly imagine her dropping in on Alexander at any time , far less occasionally . 
But is there anything which can be imagined as existing in isolation and as possessing great value in such a case ? 
You can not imagine how furious I was . 
Trouble was I could never run very quickly , and I can not imagine what I would have done if I had been chased by the bull . 
I can not imagine how this discussion would go , can you ? 
` I can well imagine that you do not wish to leave here until you have proof . 
In other words , imagine a machine that can look ahead one move . 
So at least that 's all right : now we can go ahead and confidently imagine the sunset . 
I can imagine looking like this , having this image , until I 'm forty . 
" We can imagine that in the confusion of flight something precious , something which he could not bear to part with , had been left behind .
They know exactly who can help you buy a train ticket , who can iron away which problem . 
But what chiefly concerns me here is simply the amount of time needed for what we know to have happened in the geological past if we can only postulate " normal processes " . 
Well , if you can imagine these things , I know you can imagine that even in the atmosphere of love that Wanda created , the children began to have trouble .
And , as we know , the logical consequence of this is that we `` queers '' in our indolence have seen through the canard of vulgar Marxism .
Because these tales were not — as far as we know — collected in the Renaissance and because , like ballads and songs , they must have been subject to endless variation and mutual interference , we can not now know the Pedro de Urdemalas who endeared himself to the folk '' ( 218 ) .
We make the best case we can based on the facts as we know them .
Naturally , and most naturally in Santa Fe , where one can be healed by means known nowhere else in the universe , Walter nicknamed algorithmic chemistry `` Alchemy . ''
Determining how many nuclear weapons a country can produce with a given amount of fissile material requires knowing the technological sophistication of the country and the explosive yield of the weapons .
But , Gov . Donald Carcieri , Providence Mayor David Cicilline and others told Chairwoman Susan Collins of Maine and Rhode Island Sen . Lincoln Chafee , they need more federal money , they need it to come faster when disaster strikes and they need a steady stream they know they can rely on from year to year .
But , Gov . Donald Carcieri , Providence Mayor David Cicilline and others told Chairwoman Susan Collins of Maine and Rhode Island Sen . Lincoln Chafee , they need more federal money , they need it to come faster when disaster strikes and they need a steady stream they know they can rely on from year to year .
So , if I know today , I can pay on Friday .
If I do n't know today , I can not pay Pasadena until next Thursday .
Yeah , yeah , I mean you 're - you 're in Dallas so - everybody - i ca n't believe they can , uh , like in a murder situations , they look for juries who do n't know anything about the system well or know anything about the - the - occurrence .
You can help them to know that feeling .
I know you can ... I did . ''
It really looks the part ; the tourists know its name even before the guide can translate it .
Job knowledge can be less important than willingness to learn . " 
When the research knowledge is sufficiently conclusive , we can use findings to construct checklists , scales and indicators which can ensure that practitioners consider all factors pertinent to a situation and alert us to danger signs . 
The knowledge of being adopted can have various effects -- Triseliotis ( 1973 ) says that to be comfortable as an adoptee it is necessary to cope with both the loss of birth parents and their implicit rejection . 
South Africa , for their part , dignified in defeat , can bask in the afterglow of their second coming , content in the knowledge of having bridged a great divide . 
Any claim to ` special knowledge " through faith or revelation or grace can not avoid the task of explaining just what this knowledge is knowledge of . 
He says : ` What we are talking about is ensuring that the workers are confident in their own knowledge about HIV and are actually able to answer question , and can talk about sexual matters . 
Hamyan Vahdati , who is said to be heading Iran 's nuclear program , says that no country can be taken seriously without a nuclear research program , and that Iran wants to have the technology and knowledge to make nuclear weapons in case it needs them ( 7284 ) .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
A trader knowledgeable of such developments can take appropriate action . 
The clinical teacher can become knowledgeable about a particular specialty , and will be aware of the demands of the ward .
` If she has vanished , I 'm going to see that solicitor about whether I can get her presumed dead . " 
If an exogenously determined money stock can be taken for granted , then movements in money incomes and prices would not influence the money stock and so the causality must run in the direction presumed by monetarists . 
But what was the bottom income line above which recipients can be presumed to have enjoyed at least the modicum of comfort above subsistence and simple " decency " ? 
If the right arises through third party assent , that time can not be definitely ascertained where assent is presumed through silence . 
That there is strong presumption against interpreting a statute as taking away the right of silence , at least in some of its forms , can not in my view be doubted . 
There can be no general presumption in favour of either indirect or direct taxation , when we assess each system in terms of macro-management , economic incentives , economic welfare and administrative costs . 
Each model can cope with all the evidence and the choice between them is thrown back on criteria like elegance , economy , fruitfulness , or perhaps , indeed , conformity with deep underlying presumptions about human nature . 
And it warns : ` A presumption of the right to make an extra-contractual referral can not be a guarantee that the DHA would in all cases agree to meet the cost . " 
But otherwise I just reckon there will be something around -- or if the locusts have been at the fridge , well , I can always go out . " 
` You reckon we can go bonefishing again tomorrow ? " he asked me instead . 
It is a defence , however , if the defendant can satisfy the court that it was not known or suspected that drug trafficking was involved , or that he disclosed his knowledge or suspicion to the relevant authorities . 
Nor can local suspicions that the incidence of cancer is unusually high be calmed or confirmed . 
Think about what sort of lighting you 're going to need and how you can achieve it . 
Can you think of anybody offhand ? 
My first thought on picking up this very substantial volume , was how on earth can information on rock gear fill so much space . 
I think you can understand things about Christabel from the way she wrote her version . 
No doubt one can only really understand a discipline from the inside . 
First , the present state of poorer countries in the world can only be understood by examining their place in a global system of social and economic relationships . 
Language is a means of communication and if other people can not understand your speech then you will have to think carefully about modifying the way you speak . 
In other words , they are abuses which are very common , and can be generally reduced by better health understanding . 
For it is becoming increasingly clear that a semantic theory alone can give us only a proportion , and perhaps only a small if essential proportion , of a general account of language understanding . 
Clearly , this emphasis on subjective experience and meaning can help to further an understanding of ageing with a disability . 
Derivations and proofs can be written in , with your full understanding . 
Without a clear understanding of ` how many " as well as ` what " and ` where " , there can not be a confident system of collections management . 
Two people who speak the same language can always work towards an understanding about what each of them is talking about and what each of them wishes to achieve by what they say . 
Now that the group has come to a better understanding about some aspect of these problems , how can they feel Empowered to act for change ? 
This kind of mutuality can certainly happen between friends , though there must be a clear understanding by each as to the nature of the exercise , a proper respect for confidences and for each other 's judgment . 
They will have a better understanding within their district of the the supply of site property that can be is available for conversion . 
First-hand use of media equipment ( e.g. in making videos ) and other technologies ( such as desk top publishing ) can contribute to children 's practical understanding of how meanings are created . 
There can never be an excuse for what happened to James Bulger , but we should all hope that some day there will be a better understanding of why it happened . 
Any discussion of crime must be cognizant of the fact that serious adverse consequences can and often do follow from being indifferent to the outcome of one's actions ( or inactions ) .
Individuals can only exceptionally bring claims against States in the international arena through mechanisms granted by treaty , or developed through the practice of international organisations .
The terms of the agreement cannily provided that the American groups should each equip and run a manufacturing-cum-service facility -- all on one site -- but that the whole show would eventually pass to the Greek government .
Not only are they not transparent , a property deal can be struck subject to just about anything , " said UBS .
` You send us on our way weaponless , so that we can be slaughtered from ambush .
They have to beat Ballyclare comfortably to be certain of going through , although a draw would be enough if Carrick can do no more than draw with Glenavon at Taylor 's Avenue .
I beat him once in the 1988 Olympics and I know I can beat him again . "
He has already proved he can win on the ground and he beat Repington five lengths at Huntingdon last week .
But they can beat me to it every time .
It is unclear whether the brain always knows the difference between processing the sensory input we usually think of as perception of reality and processing the processing which , as mirrors can reflect each other , can approach infinity as sense data become perceptions , become organized ideas , become abstract categories and then categories of categories .
What else can I become ? "
Because of Taiwan 's non - state status , it can not join the Chemical Weapons Convention ( CWC ) nor the Australia Group .
" How can an English lady join in such a murderous affair ? "
" I join in it because there is no other way in the world by which justice can be gained .
You can work through the open learning material whether or not you are enrolled on the programme .
Particular regions on the coat proteins of viruses must bind to receptor molecules in the cell membrane before the viruses can enter animal cells . 
If you look at a dissection of the human arm you can see that the string-like tendons which attach to the fingers are joined further back in the arm , to the muscles .
What private letters from an artist can do best is to elucidate what was uppermost in an artist 's mind at the time , often artistic aims which would be difficult to discover otherwise . 
Warren 's Shaft , part of a Canaanite water system discovered by 19th - century archaeologists and open to visitors , might be the very tunnel infiltrated by David 's army .
Recent discoveries by Cambridge University paleontologists have revealed that the prehistoric creatures that roamed the primeval oceans were even stranger and more varied than we can imagine . 
The whole novel is in fact a voyage of exploration and discovery , erm exploration of the nature of reality and the eventual discovery of how this reality can be recreated for our detailed inspection by means of art . 
What is important is the discovery that saying these things can actually make us feel better , but only if we say them with sincerity . 
The discovery that it is true can be a frightening and instructive process . 
You can also take a ferry to Macau to find an entirely different kind of city , a unique blend of Chinese and Iberian culture .
But then , you 're not entirely sure how you 're supposed to find the sparkle of a diamond in the sunlight , when all you can really see is the shine in her eyes .
These are questions we can ask ourselves , noting our own resistance to change and our need to control a situation . 
A similar pattern can be seen around Bath , where , over the last 200 years and more , changes in the landscape have been noted by local antiquaries with all discoveries being carefully recorded . 
It must be noted that this latter source , cited by Anthony Cordesman , can not be independently corroborated , and firsthand data on Iranian BW agents is unavailable in open sources .
Some humans can recognise consciousness in plants and effectively communicate with them . 
If you can not agree on matters of discipline , your child will soon spot the differences in outlook and drive a coach and horses through your serenity . 
The child spots it , types it in , and if the picture is complete , a whistle blows ( computers can produce sounds ! ) , and a player runs with the ball and scores a goal . 
Vines , they 'd tell you , tend to mature their grapes at different times , and only an experienced eye can spot which to pick and which to leave behind . 
Can you spot the difference ? 
Although the frogs can spot the difference between day and night , they 're a bit hazy on the whole idea of Time . 
Unless they have a proof copy there is no way that they can spot any of the above problems . 
This is displayed as a set of real time gauges which show disk capacity , compression ration and fragmentation levels , so you can spot any problems with your disk early . 
Can you spot the old Irish jigs a mile off ? 
The birds can spot their targets from half a mile ( 0.8 km ) . 
With experience you can sometimes spot the favoured side of a beat by looking upwind for clues . 
He can spot any interlopers among the stars immediately . 
Above-average yields can sometimes be spotted on the convertibles of companies that are going through a bad patch , and these more risky recovery situations appeal to speculators . 
Changes can be discerned in family patterns by the end of the century . 
This represents a very big , complex and highly aggregated market within which can be discerned a very large number of smaller labour markets . 
` However , the game is not yet over and , if you 'll accept my apologies , we still can not discern friend from foe . " 
You can sometimes discern quality in an instrument immediately upon picking it up and that 's certainly the case here . 
We can not discern a bird at this altitude , but the vulture is able to survey the land for many kilometres around it , and locate a fresh kill . 
Another declared , ` Sweet tastes can not be discerned by the cat . " 
So , if the buyer does , he can not complain of defects which he ought thereby to have discerned . 
In addition , it can locate prey by smell alone , scenting blood from well over half a kilometre away . 
Solitary feeding also has its cost , since the animal can not then locate food by congregating at food sites discovered by others . 
The contemporary visitor can locate the approximate link-up by studying the directions of the numerous shot-holes . 
A badger will stand its ground , so if you locate where it is you can dig it up and need only one net . ” 
Single-celled protozoa can detect the chemicals in their food and move towards them .
Even a single cyst of Giardia can be detected by the PCR , and this is a reasonable sensitivity for environmental testing .
One can therefore detect gamma ray bursts by looking for flashes of light in the night sky .
Because it is electrically charged , the beta particle can be detected fairly easily .
If you can not detect even the shallowest of breaths , attempt artificial respiration making sure the chest starts to rise .
The 2nd Cavalry Regiment [ at Fort Lewis ] recently received three vehicles that can detect radiation or biological and chemical hazards while keeping the soldiers safe inside .
Here we once more encounter the recognition that at a conceptual level the idea of history can not be taken further : rather it can only be addressed through a tension in the writing itself .
When they were in the corridor , she said tartly , ` I can find my own way out .
Finding this out is not a matter of one or two studies but can take many years .
` How can they tell it 's my day off ? "
I can tell Malmsey a mile off , I can . "
You can tell 'em a mile off .
Moreover , particularly when a complex is relatively unstable , the bound protein can detach from the protected DNA fragment and reassociate to other DNA fragments that have already been modified by DMS .
They can not breed without water , and their thin skins must be kept moist or they will dehydrate and die .
In either case you can easily and very quickly dehydrate and put your life at risk .
Foals rapidly stop sucking and can dehydrate very quickly .
These original works should be separated so that individual indexing and conservation can be carried out .
That is a very complex matter indeed , not easily reduced to a clear-cut issue , but which nevertheless can be separated quite clearly from all other aspects of human behaviour .
Greater specialisation can also narrow horizons : ` For me , the highest pinnacle of achievement now is to be the director of a broadcast production . 
Some films have to be shot on location : you can not create a moving ` face " out of several thousand people for a British Airways commercial in any other way . 
And since Karajan 's 1977 production of Strauss 's Salome was not filmed we can not recapture that with any certainty , though it exists in purely aural form on record . 
Speaking at Bramshott Common , while the TV crew were filming the reconstruction , Sergeant Nickol said : ` I am hoping this programme will bring forward something which we can positively work on . " 
If you are physically active at work or in leisure time , you can eat slightly more fat .
Despite the frightening connotations , with careful management and medication your dog will regain weight and can live a fully active life .
Although the status of its offensive capability is somewhat ambiguous , one can definitely conclude that Iran has a defensive program that can be re - engineered into offensive production , if Iranian national security is threatened .
The South African experience demonstrates that at least under some conditions , unilateral disarmament is not only possible , but can improve a nation 's security .
That way we can be sure it 's safe ! "
The 2nd Cavalry Regiment [ at Fort Lewis ] recently received three vehicles that can detect radiation or biological and chemical hazards while keeping the soldiers safe inside .
With a promising new job at a plastic injection molding manufacturer , his legal troubles in check and a safe place to live , Jerry can get on with the business of building a life for himself and contributing to his community .
Later firemen tackling the blaze were in danger from exploding canisters of acetylene and propane .
Moreover , particularly when a complex is relatively unstable , the bound protein can detach from the protected DNA fragment and reassociate to other DNA fragments that have already been modified by DMS . 
This unit can become bound to others only by his own free choice , and his choice is rational only in so far as he can safely expect it to serve his own interests . 
If you want to be kind , the character can find himself manacled to the wall in one of the empty cells . 
Arriving for a show to find that the publicity consists of a couple of hand-drawn posters taped to the wall can be completely demoralising , but some of the mistakes promoters make are less obvious . 
Born into an Italian upper-class family , he boasts the title of marchese and can claim Catherine the Great and de' Medici among his ancestors . 
And when skin becomes dry , it can looked lined , drawn and dull . 
An indoor vivarium needs to be supplied with fresh water but also areas of dry land with plenty of cover , and the main problem is hygiene : in high humidity , bacterial disease can break out . 
Now is a good time to plant , so plants can become established before they have to cope with a dense canopy of leaves and dry soil in the summer . 
I know what we ought to be looking for -- a high , lonely place with dry soil , where rabbits can see and hear all round and men hardly ever come . 
The sand wheel can be used with wet or dry sand . 
Can you imagine a town girl , at 6 o'clock in the morning , before breakfast , cleaning out the Danish piggeries on a piece of dry bread and cold milk . 
Mike lowered the can of Coke which he 'd been emptying down his parched throat . 
Haemoglobin iron can be taken on its own or with desiccated liver . 
Leitenberg , who has worked on arms control and chemical and biological weapons issues for 40 years , told UPI that `` a best case scenario '' might kill most of the inhabitants of a subway car , but added `` every calculation ( one can make about casualties ) relies on a whole series of assumptions . ''
The only person you can discuss work with is your direct commander ( Amir ) , unless you are asked to do otherwise or if your work demands participation of others , and then through guidance of the leadership .
At Goodwill , it is the hard work of staff and those who benefit from our services that produces the kind of inspiring results I see every day : A Goodwill staff member addresses a group of welfare recipients : `` You can earn the money to support yourself and your family , '' she says .
If you do take a paid job , bear in mind that although you can earn up to a certain amount per week without affecting your state pension your wages will also be subject to income tax . 
Addressing a meeting at a neighborhood center , a Goodwill staff member tells the audience how Goodwill can help them find and keep jobs .
With a promising new job at a plastic injection molding manufacturer , his legal troubles in check and a safe place to live , Jerry can get on with the business of building a life for himself and contributing to his community .
Only those with plenty of stamina can attempt an ` open day " , however , since a twelve-hour stint of entertaining requires forethought and energy . 
`` If the cartel succeeds in blackmailing the Colombian authorities into negotiations , the cartel will be in control and Fidel can exploit his past relationships with them , '' he told the Journal 's David Asman recently .
All the methods built off the idea that you are in control : anger is an emotion , and you can change your emotions .
5. Such precise control of the shapes and sizes of areas/regions of genetically engineered cells would be very difficult to achieve with free viral vectors , which can diffuse freely in solution .
2- The towers should be located in a manner where they can easily communicate with one another , and totally cover the area they are guarding .
No one can predict all the hazards that lie ahead or the cost that they will bring .
It really looks the part ; the tourists know its name even before the guide can translate it .
I can write my name on the deposit slip .
The buddy is screening a videotape of the fat man at the gaming table and zeroing in on the guy 's wallet , trying to read his name , so that he can call the desk and find out the man 's room number and tell Cage so that Cage can get there before the villain gets there .
One of the most readable of these articles is Russell E. Brown 's paper on Anna Seghers ' Revolt of the Fishers , in which he shows how the author establishes a certain universality for the uprising : accordingly , the names can be attributed to no specific place or time .
Such serendipity sends one on a voyage of discovery , to see what meanings can be aptly found in other Chinese transliterated names .
The stress pattern of a place-name expression can sometimes differentiate between two meanings , but this clue can be lost if names alternate between languages .
The use of the `` Affiliation field '' is also limited by the fact , that the name of a country can be dropped from the affiliation if the publisher is located in the same country [ 20 ] . Further such a search strategy would be questionable because country names can appear in street names of other countries [ 20 ] . Therefore the use of the `` Affiliation Field '' was avoided right at the beginning and the affiliation for each single entry was retrieved from the MEDLINE format .
I read the article entitled ` Can the art market be subject to econometrics ? " 
JustText is a misnomer really as it can handle graphics and rules quite easily . 
This black and white Oriental tree snake is also known as a flying snake and can ` fly " considerable distances .
The necessary information is supplied in the form of a graph known as the pull-out torque/speed characteristic -- showing the maximum torque which the motor can develop at each operating speed .
In such cases it is necessary to work in opposition to the constraints of the context , so that the work can not be read as an affirmation of questionable ideologies and political power .
If these are not the required DCs , you can BS to the scrolled area and make any necessary changes .
If Bob can learn to sign his name he 'll be able to complete all the necessary paperwork . "
If necessary , I can come pick it up .
Tajikistan can manufacture uranium oxide but can not enrich it to levels needed for reactors or weapons .
Clearly any method which can encourage greater participation and continued involvement of local people is not only a desirable educational tool , but an essential prerequisite of healthy community development .
In general , students who embark on full-time and sandwich courses at degree level are entitled to a mandatory award from their local education authority and can apply to the Student Loans Company for loans .
It becomes compulsory when sailing off exposed beaches in rough conditions , since it means you can escape the hazardous shorebreak quickly .
Whether we can make it compulsory for cars to be fitted with such devices is a matter for the European Commission .
Keyman insurance , for example , can often take longer than may be expected to organise , particularly in view of the now obligatory AIDS test .
The older generation can ask the most awkward questions whilst giving less offence than younger members , who may feel it incumbent upon themselves to appear more reticent in giving advice .
In Men 's rooms , which are the only ones from which I can report personal experiences , there are elaborate rituals for avoiding the impression of suspect motives .
Kincaid 's eccentric combination of suspicious narrative analysis and self - help , can - do enthusiasm may be just the Dale Carnegie twist these old ideas need .
And the state can exhume a body when it deems a death suspicious and improperly investigated .
It can , but does not necessarily , mean paddling down the Orinoco alone , with a two week ration of half a ship 's biscuit and some rancid coconut milk . 
That is , the fat content becomes rancid , which can lead to fish deaths . 
This material will also bond well to stainless steel rods so that badly decayed timber can be drilled , stitched and glued to achieve higher strengths than the original construction . 
These can be removed simply by wiping them off with a damp cloth . 
You can look for damp patches though , particularly on outside walls . 
If required , the rootstock can be removed and stored in a container of damp soil or mud , covering it from frost . 
Rehydration can occur within four hours if the spadefoot is in water , but it can also take place , albeit more slowly , if it simply sits in or on damp soil . 
Damp walls can be given a damp excluding lining as well as being insulated . 
Sleeping bags can become damp through normal use . 
So for grassland farmers , the best time is probably February-March when the ground is moist but can still be run on . 
Wet sand can be moulded , either by hand or using buckets , spades or moulds . 
Aeration and drainage on cold , wet soils can be improved by digging in generous amounts of pea-sized grit and well-rotted manure . 
Primula bulleyana , one of the species of candelabra primula with several whorls of flowers on each stem , revels in wet soil . 
If a pipe has frozen , it can be thawed out with a hairdrier or by wrapping towels soaked in hot water around it . 
Retained soil can become saturated with water and then exert tremendous pressure . 
Ideally this area should have a tiled floor that can be easily swilled down , plenty of hanging space for rainwear , drying racks for sodden clothing , a wash basin and a lavatory . 
Now that plants in containers can go in at any time when the ground is not frozen or sodden , many gardeners opt for the spring or early summer . 
Dead plants can not rot properly in the waterlogged soil . 
Soil which is waterlogged for weeks at a time will make matters worse , and can even kill plants without their first being weakened by cold . 
The base can also be used to hold capillary matting or moist grit for plants that require humid air . 
Humid air permeating from below can cause condensation in the roof space , particularly where there is felt under the roof tiles , which can cause the timbers to rot . 
It can be sealed with several coats of varnish or special sealant in humid areas like bathrooms or kitchens . 
Eggs can be removed for hatching ; they should be kept in a humid place to avoid drying out , but kept clear of the water . 
In the explanation of landforms found in deserts , the possibility of valley formation by streams in the more humid parts of the Pleistocene can not be ignored , as will be seen in the following chapter . 
They can be blotted down for an even more subtle finish , if you prefer , then topped with a dewy lipgloss . 
` Edward can not sit there , besieging the town , with us here .
With a Far Eastern office in Hong Kong ( established 7 years ago ) , FSG offers vendors , purchasers and investors an unrivalled service , which can be adapted to meet individual requirements . 
The many shops and bars at this exceptionally pretty little resort are close to the hotel , which features a large sun terrace where drinks can be enjoyed against the backdrop of the incomparable beauty of Lake Garda . 
Zell am See 's distinctive Schmittenhohe mountain ( 6,447ft ) is easily accessible by cable car and there are several restaurants at the top where you can lunch and enjoy the incomparable views . 
Add to that whatever can be salvaged of the 18 state monopoly combines that were based in east Berlin , and you have a concentration of industry without equal in Europe .
Faber is introducing a new vertical blind called Uprite which has aluminium slats and will give unequalled service as it can be washed and re-hung immediately .
The road will open the forest to settlers , who elsewhere have cleared forest for cattle , overhunted and introduced alcohol and diseases which can not be tolerated by forest people . 
The maria and small plains in the highlands can readily be seen to postdate the craters on their borders . 
The Surrey-based Heathland Countryside Management Project aims to see if the animals can regenerate and maintain heathland by eating the shoots of invading plants before they become firmly rooted . 
Somewhere distant , faint , off to my right , I can hear a cuckoo calling as he moves among the coppices and hedgerows . 
I can not tell you why , but please do what I ask you , and never come near the moor again . 
I can see Eliot pacing under the mighty oaks and pushing his way through hazel thickets in a smart suit , a bowler hat , and grey spats . " 
Diplomats can live on a brilliant surface of respectability and still risk sliding into the mire of distrust hidden below . 
And when the Thai-language wrestles with new words for alien imports like ice hard water or parachute umbrella for supporting life , some might be amused at how downright literal Thai can be or impressed at how admirably sensible it so often is .
` A man can be dead tired after a week 's work but he can still give his wife a helping hand . 
How can the production of food result in people going hungry ? 
He can still be seen on film in November 1921 in Saratov surrounded by hungry children . 
I could not stop looking at him , rather like a thirsty man who knows the water is poisoned but can not resist drinking . 
Classroom tasks can make considerable demands on children with defective vision , but teachers can reduce the risk of fatigue by trying to ensure optimum learning conditions and offering clearly presented materials . 
This wakes the patient up and breathing starts again , but if there are repeated attacks during the night this can produce severe fatigue and drowsiness during the following day . 
On a curving ridge-walk like this , the last Munro staying within sight all the way can either be immensely heartening or terrifically dispiriting , depending on your state of exhaustion . 
The individual 's powers of recovery can be impaired by physical and mental exhaustion , as there are no reserves of energy to overcome the crisis . 
They can not be attacked in hand-to-hand combat either -- the only way to destroy a Fanatic is to shoot him or to wait and let him collapse from exhaustion . 
Such factors as poorly organised workstations , stress and low motivation , can cause or aggravate feelings of illness or tiredness . 
A small amount of coffee can be soothing and help relieve tiredness ; it also sharpens the concentration . 
But the surgeon can suffer from tiredness and stress . 
There is also a magnificent palm tree for shade where you can quench your thirst with a cool drink from the hotel bar which opens onto the sun terrace . 
` Can we get a hamburger or a pizza ? " asked a famished Billie . 
Still , Caine can always visit one of his restaurants if he feels a little peckish . 
Called the " Helikite " , it 's designed to frighten off peckish pigeons , rooks and crows that can wreak havoc to crops . 
Mike lowered the can of Coke which he 'd been emptying down his parched throat . 
Meat can cause nausea . 
He or she can feel a very real , very deep sense of nausea at the intrusion , and often find that they can no longer regard their house as home . 
Any good weight loss regime should not lead to extreme hunger ; it should be so easy that you can stick with the diet until all the weight is off . 
This wakes the patient up and breathing starts again , but if there are repeated attacks during the night this can produce severe fatigue and drowsiness during the following day . 
If alcohol is taken with sleeping tablets and painkillers , excessive drowsiness can result , and severe stomach upsets can be caused when alcohol is taken with drugs used for arthritis . 
Negative side effects of the drug can occur and increases in the child 's drowsiness , irritability , restlessness are noted as well as loss of appetite and headaches ( Doleys 1978 ) . 
Hypersomnia has many causes and can vary in severity from slight drowsiness to falling sound asleep . 
Daytime drowsiness and associated sleep disorders can affect the quality of your life and can cause accidents , especially among drivers . 
It may be linked to recurrent tonsillitis and the broken nights can cause sleepiness during the day , aggressive behaviour and difficulty with homework . 
However , too much alcohol slows reflexes and can cause aggression or sleepiness , leading to accidents . 
QN : Can he just get on a plane and fly to Paris ?
Small home-made tattoos can totally vanish can take up to ten . 
I 'll do my make-up first , something fairly neutral so I can choose what to wear later . 
Applying eyeliner can be a tricky business ( see page 82 ) , but if you really love that 50s look , Lenthéric 's Eye-Definer is the best liquid liner we could find . 
I always start with the eyes , because it gives the moisturiser a chance to sink in , and it also means I can wipe away any spills without reapplying foundation . " 
A new born baby can be really quite chubby and these little premature babies have very , very little fat under their skin and fat insulates us does n't it ? 
An obese person can strive to overcome such feelings by overeating and so gaining size , weight and ( subjectively speaking ) importance . 
I feel fat , gross -- even my legs feel flabby , but how can that be ? 
Being small , slim and nimble , he can squeeze through the smallest of open windows . 
I can still picture him as I knew him , his sensitive , ascetic face etched with lines of pain but lit by his innate kindliness , his lean body in comfortable country tweeds . 
Ectomorphs can look deceptively fit by virtue of their lean frame and are often agile movers . 
The only woman in Tim 's early life who anyone can remember is Gillian Malpass -- a tall , good-looking brunette who is now a senior editor at the London office of prestigious US publisher Yale University Press . 
I can not quite remember the title of the Ballet , but Miss Margot Fonteyn was on her way up , we were quite sure , and that redhead Moira Shearer was running her a good second . 
Of course the converse can be said , as several knobbly and bow-legged clerics would humbly be the first to acknowledge . 
The wild boar can weigh up to 200kg and has a short , dense , brownish-grey coat and no facial warts . 
You can even get warts from equipment which has n't been properly disinfected . 
Although we tend to get most spots in our teens , we are liable to get the odd pimple even after 40 , and ` cosmetic acne " can cause distress at any age . 
A new mole around an existing one can also mean trouble . 
Malignant melanoma can show itself by a change in the look of a skin mole . 
It will tend to lie doggo in the light and , because it is flat , it can easily be mistaken for a small mole on the shin . 
Blemishes on your back and sometimes on the buttocks can be caused by friction , perspiration and micro-organisms . 
The abnormal can be left , for news of it will inevitably rise like a suppurating boil . 
Some modern gardeners report that handling the leaves of this plant can cause a blistering rash on sensitive skin , so it must obviously be treated with respect , but there is a good chance that oil of rue would prove to be a successful repellent for most misbehaving cats . 
Nappy rash can be a real problem . 
Sun rashes can appear hours after exposure but may take days or even weeks to disappear . 
` What else can it be when you 're covered from head to toe in foul little pustules ? " 
They can also develop pressure sores on the elbows and other joints . 
An old person who is bedbound may get pressure sores or ulcers in a very short time and these can take a long time to heal ( see page 78 ) . 
Arch your back as high as you can and drop your head . 
Now she can put her right arm in the right-hand hole , and her left in the left side ; then simply lift her arms up and sweep the coat over her head into place . 
While Bullock can pout from behind a token booth , Gallagher , with his well-groomed looks , can pout from a coma .
There 's only so much you can do with a Super B , " he shrugged . 
And as for me , I 'm going to stretch my legs in the town , while I can . 
Matt can twitch his face in any direction and crinkle up his eyes knowing that his jailbait fans will be sitting there wetting themselves . 
I can see her fingertips twitch slightly , as if surprised to have encountered warm flesh and solid bone . 
The possession of large machines by those responsible for managing rivers can sometimes lead to a situation where the tail wags the dog , and the results can be damaging to both the environment and the economy . 
She can lie on her back like an inverted cockroach while waggling her legs in the air . 
Some sports magazines and shops sell weighted strips of material that you can wear around your wrists or ankles whilst doing other exercise ( such as suppleness exercises or when running ) . 
Dyed-in-the-wool Labourites can still be heard muttering oaths into their beards against ` cellphone socialists " -- barely one step up the political rung from those most reviled of all creatures , champagne socialists . 
Just as you have stretched your body beyond what you had previously thought possible , so you can stretch your mind . 
As you can see from the first diagram , the body of even the toughest fighter is covered with ` soft spots " ( or vulnerable areas ) which can easily be seen and reached . 
Chemical warfare ( CW ) agents are non-living , manufactured chemicals that are highly toxic and can enter the body through the lungs or the skin .
` I think , " Mr Yarrow continued , squeezing his left earlobe and inflicting brain damage upon a metaphysical foetus , ` I think , What can I do for this graceless lad ? " 
In their calm faces I can find no clues 
Another source of hierarchical structure is that the same face can appear in many different poses , under many different forms of illumination , and so on .
Our faces are fur-less and exposed to the world so that they can be read .
Let your children have their portraits done — street artists can be found in Plaka —� �or their faces painted .
These are long , flexible curlers that are heated in a plug-in carrying wallet and can be used on dry hair for all-over curly styles . 
Gadgets are useful in professional hands and used in the right way , but in the hands of a novice they can be dangerous . 
Dr _Gupto : On the other hand to be able to outline and do the thing that were talked about today to basically completely revamp the public health system so that local officials can talk to state officials that can talk to federal officials to be able to pinpoint exactly when a cluster of bird flu happens that takes probably a lot more money and a and a really a complete revamping of our public health systems .
You can take a tour of the port in one of the small sampans , propelled by hand by women drivers .
When these hatch , the young ants serve their captors , collecting food and feeding it to them , for the slave-makers have such large jaws that they can not feed themselves . 
On the other hand , Tamburlaine is n't one to mince his words , as Bajazeth can testify : ` we use to march upon the slaughtered foe , tramping their bowels with our horses hoofs " . 
The tiger claw strike can be seen in several kung fu systems . 
` Can we explore with him as far as there ! " they said , pointing their young talons at a clump of dog's-mercury . 
In this area he builds first a small depression by removing mouthfuls of sand and then produces a nest from weeds which are coated with a sticky substance so that they can be moulded with his snout . 
If there is a trend towards large antlers for a while in evolution , there can easily be a subsequent trend towards smaller antlers again . 
The young beaks are not strong enough to break the yarn ( have you ever tried breaking acrylic ? ) and of course , they can not unpick the yarn . 
So on a cold dark night the body heat of warm-blooded animals interferes with the clarity of vision , but the eyes of a toad can still pierce the gloom . 
Like the rest of the water-borne world , they can see parts of the spectrum invisible to the eyes of land creatures . 
If the NI can do something to focus eyes on a more distant horizon , it has a valuable role . 
These presentations are referred to as pseudoisochromatic or confusion plates and set a task in which the normal eye can discriminate figures composed of coloured dots , whilst the eye with abnormal colour vision can not do so . 
Shut your eyes : see if you can see the word in your head . 
She says children can get it from a very tiny age and if you think of a child starting its every day , not even able to move its own limbs freely . 
The round , tapering horns are white and can be quite long , growing outwards and forwards , curving up at the tips . 
Through the billowing smoke , shadows can be seen writhing about , one of which is wearing a devil mask that leers out of the fog and shakes its horns to the hellish racket . 
I can see the nape of her neck go red . 
It also became a very tedious place , since you can scarcely blow your nose there without going through a security check . 
But if you really want to make amends , you can start by putting your glasses back on your nose so you can at least see the top of my desk . 
The slightest vibration of the surface is detected by the antenna , and the whirligig can distinguish between its own ripples and the myriad ripples produced by other whirligigs . 
Always make sure that sheets or cushion covers are not wrinkled , as this can cause great discomfort and may break the skin . 
Chemical warfare ( CW ) agents are non-living , manufactured chemicals that are highly toxic and can enter the body through the lungs or the skin .
Benjamin just smiled , raised her white fingers to his lips , kissed them daintily and , like some chivalrous knight , kicked his horse into a canter , almost knocking his would-be-love to the ground . 
You can massage them on your hands , on your temples , or you can use it as a what they call steam inhalation . 
Erm , I 'm perfectly comfortable that any bit of my fingernail is completely accidental to me , that I can lose it without losing my arm , but the finger is rather stronger . 
You can kiss a friend on the lips , but if you put your tongue in her mouth it becomes something else . 
If this is not possible you can crush a pill between two spoons to make a powder which can be sprinkled onto the lips and tongue of the baby if needed . 
Recently-developed , safer X-ray techniques can help us to observe articulatory movements taking place within the vocal tract , and contact between the tongue and the palate can be measured electrically . 
There can be a slight variation in this maturation rate with children continuing to push the food out of their mouths with their tongues . 
After five years of living with the natives and being offered the delicacy of a human thumb by cannibals -- a feast which he gracefully declined -- Terry was feeling homesick . 
Extra twist can be achieved by the wearing of an old rubber glove on the required thumb . 
The F attachment can be switched in instantaneously by a valve operated by the left thumb . 
Your wrists are tied to your ankles , a metal bar is passed under your knees , you are lifted up , hanging from this bar , a wet floor cloth is placed over your face so that you can not breathe , and your head and the soles of your feet and beaten with a leather belt . 
For the first time , I saw -- with what sense of shock I can not explain -- that she had no navel . 
" I can feel the danger like a wire round my neck -- like a wire -- Hazel , help ! " 
Hold a baby or small toddler upside down by the feet ; an older child can rest face down across your thigh . 
Apparently she had had heavy thighs all her life and still can not get used to her new shape . 
` Quite honestly " -- Haverford was wiping his mouth with the napkin still festooned about his neck -- ` neither can I. " 
This can only be defined by a large claw-like grasp on his left forearm , which could be identified as a tentacle of the Hydra . 
It is noisy and can often be located by a loud drumming sound made by the bird hammering its bill on wood . 
It appears to have rather generalized habits , feeding on everything from worms to clams , which it can crush with its powerful appendages , using the bases of its legs like nutcrackers . 
Other small birds like the house sparrow can follow a similar format but have squarer crowns to the head . 
yeah yeah like those E-bonds there 's something called an E-bond that you can buy and it and it you do n't have to pay taxes on it and it 's for the child and then when they turn it in when it matures
Can I please borrow a tape from somebody ?
As you approach the border , you can glimpse the skyscrapers of Shenzhen .
Just across the border is the huge Lo Wu City shopping mall , to which you can walk ; other shopping malls are nearby .
` I can see right through her ! " he might have boasted , if you had suggested the possibility to him . 
` You can be up on the moors in twenty minutes ! " its inhabitants boasted . 
Few towns can boast they do not have a problem with dogs being allowed to roam the streets and Darlington is no exception . 
They report that " the present proprietor of Islay can use the rare boast of having a proportion of his family plate manufactured from silver found on his own domains . " 
However , the boast of British literary artistic freedom can not be made with confidence , given a vague law and a swinging moral pendulum . 
I can make what is perhaps not a usual boast in Scotland : I can claim that some of my best friends are Conservatives . 
Oxfam has launched its new autumn collection of clothes with the boast that the fashion-conscious can dress themselves for just twenty five pounds ! 
The base can no longer support the half-span which snaps off .
` The men can hardly breathe . " 
However , the team of Medical Research Council researchers based at Edinburgh 's Western General Hospital are hoping to refine the gene complex into a spray which can be inhaled by human sufferers . 
Smokeless tobacco can be inhaled , chewed or sucked and , as with smoking , can cause cancer in humans -- most particularly cancers of the oral cavity . 
Each member of the group inhaled from the can , and some felt a strange effect , rather like being drunk . 
I can … ’ but the words were stopped in him and he seemed to suffocate and gasp with the sense of a power beyond the Cages that he had sensed briefly before .
The tower can be used indoors and out , and the lightweight system can be transported on a car roof rack , and is also easy to store .
They are looking only at aggregates and pig iron and other goods which can be trundled around the railways for many weeks and do not need to reach their destination at any particular time .
The former seamen , who risked their lives against the elements and German U-boats to ferry vital supplies to northern Russia , can enjoy a berth on a luxury liner for the return trip . 
Well , we 're doing everything we can to bring it home to them . 
Just then they heard a heavy footstep outside , and a voice called , ` Neighbours , can I bring a few lambs in there ? " 
It 's truly portable , and can be run from a PP-3 9-volt battery , but for longer sessions ti would be wise to hook up the supplied mains transformer .
Thus the bits will fit together after fracture so that one can often glue a broken vase together quite plausibly . 
And if you build a reputation as such by making internal presentations this can lead to promotion to a position where you become an ambassador , making external ones to clients , customers and new business . 
Or you can build a flexible force able to attack or defend equally well . 
They can not , like plants , build their bodies from nothing more than minerals drawn from the earth and gases extracted from the air . 
All Altos System 4500 systems built on i486SX or 33MHz DX parts can be upgraded to the 50MHz version , says the company . 
At the Temple 's dedication , Solomon addressed his God : `` ... the Heavens , even the Heaven of the Heavens , can not contain Thee ; how much less this House that I have built ? ''
Before a skyscraper can be built , a feng shui ( see page 68 ) investigation must take place to ensure that the site and the building will promote health , harmony , and prosperity .
You can build an appetite for dinner by making your way from the beach to the restaurant .
Models are thus constructed from volumes built from nodes , edges and surfaces and can represent such free-form bodies as , found typically in the automobile and aircraft industries . 
Entities and models can be considered as elements within the set that describes their assembly , and each of these geometric entities is considered to lie within a local space . 
Specifically , China reportedly has renewed negotiations on the construction of a graphite production facility , agreed to supply Iran with specialty steel , including the transfer of titanium - stabilized duplex steel , that can be used in the development of weapons of mass destruction .
In the light of these new data , we can assume this to be correct ; we may also assume that the extant Hotteterre flutes were made in Martin 's workshop .
There can only be one Creator , one God who made the earth and maintains it under divine control .
I can piece some of it together , but you know the rest .
Some , like Deutsche Bank and Crédit Lyonnais , are piecing together hugely expensive pan-European bank networks in the firm belief that retail banking can be moved across borders .
No man can erect a building of any serious dimensions on a rickety foundation .
` Can we fashion some sort of stretcher ?
Washington wags suggest the Clintons may add a sound-proofed music room where Bill can relax with his saxophone . 
Demonstrations like this , graphically show how quickly fire can spread , destroying a room in just 4 minutes . 
Once you 've decided which applications you want in every room , you can then furnish each room with its own applications . 
Here senior police officers sit in a windowless room , facing a bank of video-monitors and operating , by remote control , TV cameras which can zoom in on any area of the terraces or stands . 
You can also see the remains of the state rooms built and furnished for Queen Elizabeth 1st by Robert Dudley , Earl of Leicester , the virgin queen 's favourite . 
Dr _Gupto : The problem though at any given time eighty to ninety percent of those ICU rooms are full so we just do n't have the surge capacity and that 's going to cost lots and lots of money to create a health system where we can take care not only of the ill now but the ill that might come in with a pandemic Paula .
We can lock ourselves in the basement , away from that bloody thing outside and until this Darkfall storm blows over . " 
There are restaurants and a Starbuck's in the basement , and you can access the raised pedestrian crosswalk from the escalators on the ground floor .
And he can not leave the cell without handcuffs and shackles . 
I can not forget the visits I paid to Norwich and sat quietly in the reconstructed cell of Julian the hermitess of Norwich , meditating on the Sixteen Shewings of Divine Love which she received in May 1373 . 
You can build the chamber with brick or blockwork , or even plywood sealed with G4 . 
But we can buttonhole anyone we please as they leave the chamber : a privilege akin to the London correspondents of Pravda or Izvestia being able to accost cabinet ministers in the members ' lobby of the Commons . 
As the Psalmist does not mention the destruction of the city or the deportation of the people , the context can hardly be the destruction of Jerusalem in 586 B.C. But the description does not correspond either to what we are told in the Books of Maccabees about the defilement of the Temple in 167 B.C. , when only the priests ' chamber was destroyed and only the gates burned ( I Mac . 
As he pushes through the swing doors and walks down the corridor towards his office , he can hear them spluttering with stifled laughter . 
Cupboard doors were flying , the trash can in the kitchen walked a few feet , the dogs came running , and I scooted them into the dog run and stood in the doorway myself , watching the outside trash cans dance across the concrete .
` I think you can stay in the nursery , " Liz said . 
The studio built for him by Josep Luis Sert in 1954-56 and housing his last unfinished canvases can be viewed by appointment . 
Although I can move to another wing of the house , if that makes you feel happier . " 
You can sleep in the workshop . " 
Still , if his wife is sitting in my dining room being a nude model it ca n't be all bad , can it ? " 
Can I book you a guest room until tomorrow ? " 
These solitary cobblers are often found under a dock-leaf working merrily on a shoe , although , like their cousins the CLURICAUNS , they can frequent wine cellars and have been known to over-indulge in heather-ale . 
Billing people can be difficult , especially if they live in flats . 
I stare into the TV picture to see if I can see anyone moving in my flat . 
A public body which has power to construct lavatories can not use that power in order to build a subway under a street . 
In the afternoons , she must always be home at 4.30 -- so that the carer can take her to the lavatory before leaving for the day . 
The 210 children have taken up the panto 's challenge and sought the advice of professional builders so they can construct Wendy 's house in brick in their school yard . 
If you live in a house , one alarm fitted above the bottom of the staircase will give you some protection , but you can be better protected by fixing another alarm on the upstairs landing . 
If an ill-designed and poorly constructed house collapses , how can you expect otherwise ? 
Just because she owns the house I 'm living in , she thinks she can patronize me . 
At the Temple 's dedication , Solomon addressed his God : `` ... the Heavens , even the Heaven of the Heavens , can not contain Thee ; how much less this House that I have built ? ''
All I can do is to watch the house and leave my agent , Warner , on guard at the gates .
2- The towers should be located in a manner where they can easily communicate with one another , and totally cover the area they are guarding .
Just outside Dorchester near Higher Bockhampton you can go on great walking or mountain biking trails and discover the cottage where Hardy lived . 
With these two basic skills , bird weavers can attach nests that dangle from tips of branches or leaves and construct domed and compartmented dwellings of great perfection . 
How can he reconcile his selective greenness with a recent speech to the construction industry condemning conservationists as ` the rich socialists who live in their converted farmhouses " ? 
The Lady of the Hearth can be invoked when you move into a new home . 
This has required the Borough of Monmouth to identify land on which 5,500 new homes can be built during the next fifteen years . 
Good words will not get my people a home where they can live in peace , and take care of themselves . 
In this respect the relationship between society and religion can be compared to that between families and the homes they live in . 
Kids like Tommie J . , made a ward of the court because of repeated beatings by an alcoholic father ; Alice , sent to a group home to get help because of severe behavior disorders ; and John H . , a recovering alcoholic , rebuilding a relationships with his family so they can live together again .
At present , people living in mental hospitals are therefore disadvantaged compared with those living at home , who can be registered to vote without any test of competence . 
Dr _Gupto : The other thing Paula really important is that they talk a lot about the fact that our- we 're a lot better at taking care of patients now than we were in nineteen eighteen , we have a lot of ICUs a lot of ICUs in the hospital behind me that can take care of critically ill patients .
Hong Kong currency is widely accepted in Guangzhou , or you can change your currency into RMB ( yuan ) at any bank or hotel .
Adventure holidays are increasingly popular and the brave can test their physical and mental endurance in a number of ways from outward-bound courses where the participants usually spend the last few days of their ` holiday " building themselves a shelter in a sodden landscape and living off nature , to dog-sledging across the Arctic Circle and learning how to build an igloo on the way . 
As their instructor , Leo Shore , is the first to admit : ` If you can build an igloo out of bricks you can build anything . 
Similes may be dangerous , but it can be suggested that the man who produces a well-made brick makes a better contribution to housing than does the man who builds a large mansion on insecure foundations . 
Just 2 miles away , you can visit Ugbrooke stately home and park , a Robert Adam mansion built circa 1778 with a fine collection of furniture and paintings . 
As one approaches this house one can not fail to find it incredibly impressive -- a large mansion , constructed of Tudor brick . 
From the monastery , hikers enjoy the two - hour cross-country trek down to Silvermine Bay , but the authorities have warned walkers to be on the lookout for snakes , which can be plentiful in the Lantau hinterland , especially in summer .
We have proved you can have just as much fun living in a shack as on a luxury yacht . " 
Occupations always take place on Friday night , so that by the time legal action can be taken , people have already constructed shelters . 
BELOW In countries where rain is likely to be a problem , shelters can be erected under which excavation can take place in all weathers . 
Besides building an 18-hole golf course , and charging trainers to exercise their horses on the track , he is instigating another new concept in this country by constructing American-style barns so that training can be done at the track as it is in the United States . 
` And you think you can beat the British by ambushes and blowing up police barracks ? " 
Not everyone can live in quaint wooden chalets . 
If it has n't , the only thing you can do -- apart from continuing your garage-less existence , or renting one from a car-less neighbour -- is to convert part of the ground floor of your house to construct a built-in garage , with all the upheaval and loss of living space which that entails . 
ALL THAT REMAINS of the palace begun by Canute is the much renovated hall built by William Rufus in 1097 , in which Charles I was tried and condemned , and the splendid fan-vaulted crypt below . 
Dogs which have lived in kennels for a long time can be particularly difficult to house-train successfully , although this is helped by the fact that they will only defecate about twice a day . 
Just across the border is the huge Lo Wu City shopping mall , to which you can walk ; other shopping malls are nearby .
Sir James Reckitt did some amateur excavating when he lived at the manor and some stones , which could have formed church windows , can still be seen in the gardens of houses since built on the site . 
Only so many people can actually live in a real farmhouse or Elizabethan manor . 
Dr Robert Bradnock , of London 's School of Oriental and African Studies , said current problems can be traced to when Moslems held power in India and built mosques on Hindu shrines five centuries ago . 
We can understand why the Egyptian culture built the Pyramids : self-aggrandisement on the part of the pharaohs . 
` Now if you 'll promise to pay off some of the arrears you can build your shed . 
Four men can build a shed in nine hours . 
Before a skyscraper can be built , a feng shui ( see page 68 ) investigation must take place to ensure that the site and the building will promote health , harmony , and prosperity .
As you approach the border , you can glimpse the skyscrapers of Shenzhen .
Down to earth , the Sha Tin Racecourse can accommodate over 80,000 spectators and is equipped with every imaginable luxury , including a giant video screen facing the stands , and for the horses , air-conditioned stables .
Councillors hope he can help to overcome obstacles holding up plans by Sainsbury 's to build a supermarket on the Grange Road site . 
By touring the country in a tepee and demonstrating traditional Indian skills , Jeff Starr hopes he can make a living and raise money for charities . 
From the ferry terminals on Hong Kong Island you can escape to islands without cars or cares , where the local people smile `` hello '' and , if you 're lucky , point you to a secret beach for the ultimate in quality leisure time .
Would you like to sit down for a while and then we can go to the theatre in time for the end of the play ? " 
At the Temple 's dedication , Solomon addressed his God : `` ... the Heavens , even the Heaven of the Heavens , can not contain Thee ; how much less this House that I have built ? ''
They can take one of the following forms : 1- Steel pipes : Insert 4 inch pipes in the ground at 50 centimeters apart and a height of one meter then fill them with cement 2- Barrels : They are filled with cement and place around the building , especially at the entrance to prevent cars from crashing into it 3- Ditches : They are better than road bumps because they are harder to see .
The distance between the first and fourth bump should be 100 meters , and the distance between the fourth and the sixth should be 50 meters , so cars can not travel fast in the direction of the building 5- Barbed Wires : They should be placed around the building , around the walls , or on top of the walls 6- Nails Obstacle : These are placed at the main gate in order to puncture the tires of any car crashing in
Before a skyscraper can be built , a feng shui ( see page 68 ) investigation must take place to ensure that the site and the building will promote health , harmony , and prosperity .
From inside the vast atrium you can view the whole structure as well as the mechanical workings of the building .
From inside the vast atrium you can view the whole structure as well as the mechanical workings of the building .
Good diction can still be heard occasionally , particularly on Radio 3 , so that no one who wishes to improve himself need lack exemplars ; yet many people are content to mumble and fumble their words . 
One pharmacist belonging to a national firm contacted the head office , which said that a suitable product can be made by special order at £100 for 100 . 
Why not use a single consultant to discuss what you want to achieve in the audit , how you can achieve it and how to alter your management systems so that your operations are more environmentally friendly ? 
The paper 's political editor , Trevor Kavanagh , has been suggesting at Westminster that John Smith is the kind of man they can do business with .
It made our day to know that MKM can help with more than just knitting advice . 
If you can get up early enough , you can attend the pre-dawn auction held at the vast local wholesale fish market ; otherwise , have a look at the street market that goes on later in the day .
At Goodwill , it is the hard work of staff and those who benefit from our services that produces the kind of inspiring results I see every day : A Goodwill staff member addresses a group of welfare recipients : `` You can earn the money to support yourself and your family , '' she says .
` Come next Wednesday if you can . 
If I do n't know today , I can not pay Pasadena until next Thursday .
So , if I know today , I can pay on Friday .
So , if I know today , I can pay on Friday .
If I can get all of the information today , I can tell you this afternoon .
If I do n't know today , I can not pay Pasadena until next Thursday .
` Can you come up this afternoon ? " 
` You can come over tomorrow afternoon , if you want . 
If I can get all of the information today , I can tell you this afternoon .
You fish from dusk to dawn ( or as long as you can last ) for three nights ( £180 , excluding accommodation ) . 
Can I come to your room this evening ? 
` I do n't think I can be ready to leave this evening , " she answered primly . 
` It 's nice that we can spend Christmas Eve together like this . " 
2- A bachelor can have a vacation by rotation for five days every month .
Again , I do not have all of the information for July and August , so I can not give you any numbers .
Again , I do not have all of the information for July and August , so I can not give you any numbers .
All right , all right , you can have Sundays off . 
It can be hoped that Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez will draw the right conclusion from his narrow election victory Sunday .
From the monastery , hikers enjoy the two - hour cross-country trek down to Silvermine Bay , but the authorities have warned walkers to be on the lookout for snakes , which can be plentiful in the Lantau hinterland , especially in summer .
You can view artifacts from the Bronze Age , trace the history of the Easter Rising , or revisit Leopold Bloom 's odyssey in Ulysses .
My suggestion is that you and I go to-night and see if we can strike at the very heart of the mystery . "
I 'm his sister , so I can be blunt about it . 
To be blunt , you can be a sensible young woman and be escorted back to your family , or carried out of this wilderness in a sack . 
The author himself can be just as candid when the spirit moves him . 
Phonological choices form a distinct level of style in oral literature , and in written literature the implicit sound pattern can always be made explicit in reading aloud . 
Please can we have some honest answers which really address the true situation ? 
He was equally outspoken about the servile wars in Sicily ( as we can deduce from Diodorus who follows him ) . 
Let no one ever be sincere with me -- it is a failure of respect , and respect is a thing one can never get enough of . 
But you can believe that he is a truthful man . 
While no researcher , irrespective of their gender , can ever be totally sure that respondents are being truthful ( specially so in our case ) , the research design compensated for this . 
You 're being evasive , I can feel it . " 
In retrospect it can be seen that the most fatal blunder of the campaign was John Smith 's Budget -- proclaimed at the time as ` an unparalleled act of honesty by any opposition party going into an election " . 
To Leonard , who long had felt the masterful power of passion -- when the guests become tyrants -- Layton 's honesty was as refreshing as his candour was liberating . 
She answered the questions in her interrogation with perfect candour , but her answers had the effect of crystallising her basic thinking . 
` I feel like a whipped dog , " he said , in a rare moment of candour about his condition . 
Christians today are not normally known for their candour about doubt or for their confident ability to resolve it . 
This is an example of why you should judge catalogues -- and nurseries -- by the candour , honesty and fullness of the information they provide . 
In general , Boswell 's Life of Johnson provides an immortal Pepysian and aromatic sweep of eighteenth-century literary society , recounted in Boswell 's lovely candour and flawedness . 
They discussed very thoroughly the merits of the Bentley Continental , with all the candour and eloquence of two men who would never conceivably own one . 
Appalled by the woman 's candour , aware that no word of demurral would answer , Louisa looked down on her unspeaking . 
` I am on fire , " she said , and was immediately ashamed of her candour . 
And although she felt she was being torn apart inside , at the same time the older woman 's brutal candour was welcome , because it finally answered so many unhappy questions . 
` Well , he did the other night , " Candy pointed out with ruthless candour . 
Mandy 's candour took him completely by surprise , and it was obvious he was not a man accustomed to being surprised . 
Dr _Gupto : On the other hand to be able to outline and do the thing that were talked about today to basically completely revamp the public health system so that local officials can talk to state officials that can talk to federal officials to be able to pinpoint exactly when a cluster of bird flu happens that takes probably a lot more money and a and a really a complete revamping of our public health systems .
Now , five chapters later , it is hardly an independent deduction that autonomous agents are the proposed organization of matter , energy , and organization to which purposes can be ascribed in the sense of being able to act on their own behalf .
After all , I began by stating that a bacterium swimming upstream in the glucose gradient was acting on its own behalf in an environment , defined an autonomous agent as a physical system able to act on its own behalf , then asked what a physical system must be such that it can act on its own behalf .
If the young farmers and foodies of Truro can organize , they might just be able to get local agriculture back on its feet .
It can be hoped that Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez will draw the right conclusion from his narrow election victory Sunday .
An examination of changes in personal staffing decisions in the Senate between 1986 and 1987 ( when control of that body changed party hands ) , moreover , reveals that the personal staffing differences noted in the table can not be attributed to the disproportionate control Democrats exercise , due to their majority-party status , over other resources such as committee staff .
Yes , we all can remember one or two truly inspiring teachers from our school days .
Now he can go further .
US officials report that Iran can produce several hundred tons of chemical agent annually and that it may have already produced as much as 2,000 tons of agent , including mustard , cyanide , and possibly sarin nerve agent , at plants near Qazvin , Parchin , and Esfahan .
Officials also claim that Iran has produced bombs and artillery rounds filled with these agents , and that it can probably deploy chemical warheads on its long - range missiles .
This difficulty is compounded by the fact that much of the information can be directly traced back to just a handful of sources , none of which can be independently verified .
We can not read intentions . ''
According to U.S. government estimates , Iran can produce 1,000 metric tons of agent per year and may have a stockpile of at least several thousand metric tons of weaponized and bulk agent .
Weapons programs can be based on indigenous ( i.e. , domestic ) production capabilities , or they can rely on foreign supplies and technologies .
Although technically sub - optimal , even reactor - grade plutonium can be used as fissile material in nuclear weapons .
An advanced weapons program would require the capability to manufacture tritium , a radioactive gas that can be used to enhance the explosive power of nuclear weapons , for fabrication of boosted - yield weapons .
While countries may seek to develop all of these capabilities on an independent , indigenous basis , they can and often do seek some inputs from foreign sources .
The Tien Chi , first test - fired in 1997 , is a solid - fueled , two - stage missile with a 300 km range that can reach China 's southeastern coast .
Taiwan is currently developing the Tien Chi , a short-range ballistic missile system that can reach the coast of China .
Furthermore , it is claimed that their production can be hidden within commercial chemical plants .
QN : Is Russia producing chemical weapons that can be concealed easily ?
QN : Can nuclear weapons be made with readily available materials or equipment ?
Unlike nuclear or chemical weapons , biological weapons can be made with readily available materials or equipment .
QN : Can a Scud C fly 500 kilometers ?
Dual-core chips can do the same work that a single-core chip can , only faster , while consuming less power and at a cooler temperature .
QN : Can he go to Paris on Dec. 1 ?
QN : Can he go to Paris on Dec 14th ?
QN : Can he go to Paris on the Jan 10th ?
QN : Can some cellphones be used to take pictures ?
The South African experience demonstrates that at least under some conditions , unilateral disarmament is not only possible , but can improve a nation 's security .
But , Gov . Donald Carcieri , Providence Mayor David Cicilline and others told Chairwoman Susan Collins of Maine and Rhode Island Sen . Lincoln Chafee , they need more federal money , they need it to come faster when disaster strikes and they need a steady stream they know they can rely on from year to year .
The 2nd Cavalry Regiment [ at Fort Lewis ] recently received three vehicles that can detect radiation or biological and chemical hazards while keeping the soldiers safe inside .
But , Gov . Donald Carcieri , Providence Mayor David Cicilline and others told Chairwoman Susan Collins of Maine and Rhode Island Sen . Lincoln Chafee , they need more federal money , they need it to come faster when disaster strikes and they need a steady stream they know they can rely on from year to year .
China 's missiles are operated by the Second Artillery Corps , and include about 650 DF -11 ( M-11 ) and DF-15 ( M-9 ) missiles opposite Taiwan ; several dozens of DF -3 , DF -4 , and DF -21 medium - range missiles that can reach Japan , India , and Russia ; and 18-24 DF -5 ICBMs that can reach the United States and Europe .
Chemical warfare ( CW ) agents are non-living , manufactured chemicals that are highly toxic and can enter the body through the lungs or the skin .
But he insisted the international community can do a much better job in helping Iraq deal with its economic and health problems .
`` It was very , very important '' to compel Iraq to rid itself of weapons of mass destruction so that `` it can not use or export them to other countries , '' he told Associated Press Television News .
I hope I can communicate with you through the Messenger before you depart Turkey .
Leitenberg , who has worked on arms control and chemical and biological weapons issues for 40 years , told UPI that `` a best case scenario '' might kill most of the inhabitants of a subway car , but added `` every calculation ( one can make about casualties ) relies on a whole series of assumptions . ''
The sanctions can not be lifted until U.N. inspectors certify that Iraq has eliminated its weapons of mass destruction and the means to produce them .
Any secret can be pirated , the experts said , if it is transmitted over the air .
Even rank amateurs can do it if they spend a few thousand dollars for a commercially available microwave receiver with amplifier and a VCR recorder .
`` You can have a dozen competitors stealing your secrets at the same time , '' Mr . Matchett said , adding : `` It 's a pretty good bet they wo n't get caught .''
Dr _Gupto : On the other hand to be able to outline and do the thing that were talked about today to basically completely revamp the public health system so that local officials can talk to state officials that can talk to federal officials to be able to pinpoint exactly when a cluster of bird flu happens that takes probably a lot more money and a and a really a complete revamping of our public health systems .
The locality can not be fully protected without having patrols roaming on the outside area of the fence .
The area patrol is different from the single patrol in that : 1- It has a vehicle equipped with a machine gun 2- It can use horses to canvass the area , but the patrol should be formed of 2 or 3 people at least
I can assure you that Paula .
The only person you can discuss work with is your direct commander ( Amir ) , unless you are asked to do otherwise or if your work demands participation of others , and then through guidance of the leadership .
2- A bachelor can have a vacation by rotation for five days every month .
He can take a one month vacation .
Tickets can not be reimbursed if unused .
Yeah , yeah , I mean you 're - you 're in Dallas so - everybody - i ca n't believe they can , uh , like in a murder situations , they look for juries who do n't know anything about the system well or know anything about the - the - occurrence .
I mean , what can i say ?
Now I can buy a soda and spend money .
I can write my name on the deposit slip .
You can help them to know that feeling .
Addressing a meeting at a neighborhood center , a Goodwill staff member tells the audience how Goodwill can help them find and keep jobs .
With a promising new job at a plastic injection molding manufacturer , his legal troubles in check and a safe place to live , Jerry can get on with the business of building a life for himself and contributing to his community .
Warnock 's error is to have neglected the necessity , in any account of seeing , of the subject 's capability of noticing what it can be said to perceive .
These facilities and Iran 's overall program are currently undergoing close scrutiny by the international community and will likely remain so until controversy over the facilities ' purpose and capability can be resolved .
Although the status of its offensive capability is somewhat ambiguous , one can definitely conclude that Iran has a defensive program that can be re - engineered into offensive production , if Iranian national security is threatened .
The resulting analysis can set bounds on the uncertainties , while producing a range of estimates of the country 's capabilities .
Weapons programs can be based on indigenous ( i.e. , domestic ) production capabilities , or they can rely on foreign supplies and technologies .
An advanced weapons program would require the capability to manufacture tritium , a radioactive gas that can be used to enhance the explosive power of nuclear weapons , for fabrication of boosted - yield weapons .
While countries may seek to develop all of these capabilities on an independent , indigenous basis , they can and often do seek some inputs from foreign sources .
These normally private functions can assume unusually large proportions if illness limits a person 's capacity for self care .
The capacity , in principle , of such nervous systems to demonstrate learning and memory can not be in doubt .
Light can travel in only one mode , enhancing the capacity of the fibre to carry data .
Dr _Gupto : The problem though at any given time eighty to ninety percent of those ICU rooms are full so we just do n't have the surge capacity and that 's going to cost lots and lots of money to create a health system where we can take care not only of the ill now but the ill that might come in with a pandemic Paula .
Using an analogy , we can say that the case study analyst seeks to explain 100 percent of the variance by relying on a data base that includes more variables than most quantitative studies can accommodate , over more points in time , and on a method that draws on the integrative powers of the mind , which computers do not have .
From an enforcement perspective , the SEC has certain civil enforcement powers that it can use to address violations of the nation 's securities laws .
In principle the power of pooling studies can be improved by creating multiple pools from the same individuals ( reducing pool - formation errors ) and multiple measurement of allele frequencies ( reducing the pool - measurement error ) .
Notice that power of ( n25c5 ) ? power of ( n20c20 ) , which suggests that by randomly pooling RNA samples from 5 subjects onto one chip with equal contributions , we can decrease number of chips needed per group from 20 to 5 while number of subjects per group only needs to be increased from 20 to 25 .
As demonstrated in the case of diabetic nephropathy [ 74 ] , the discordant sibling pair approach can have greater power than the concordant sibling pair approach in certain situations .
After the power functions for many possible mk replicates have been obtained , we can determine an appropriate number of replicates by considering all the factors involved , the desired power and Type I error rate , the targeted expression changes and other experimental constraints .
Although we can point to these cases , it is important to realize that for most of the scenarios no difference in power was observed ( see Figure 1 ) .
It can be particularly difficult for family members to accept their own powerlessness in getting others to accept the message that they carry .
If demand is greater we can either book another bus or use the mini bus which will seat another 15 .
The Webster Room , which can seat around 60 , is used for art exhibitions , talks , seminars and group meetings .
Yes , we all can remember one or two truly inspiring teachers from our school days .
1 ) Voters can `` buy '' one of two brands when they select their political agents -- a Republican brand that believes in the minimalist state and in the virtues of private markets over the vices of public action , and a Democratic brand that believes in big government and in public intervention to remedy the excesses attendant to the pursuit of private interest .
Skilled ringers use their wrists to advance or retard the next swing , so that one bell can swap places with another in the following change .
They can take one of the following forms : 1- Steel pipes : Insert 4 inch pipes in the ground at 50 centimeters apart and a height of one meter then fill them with cement 2- Barrels : They are filled with cement and place around the building , especially at the entrance to prevent cars from crashing into it 3- Ditches : They are better than road bumps because they are harder to see .
He can take a one month vacation .
You can catch one of Hong Kong 's historic trams along Des Voeux Road and ride from Central to Causeway Bay ( see box , page 66 ) .
You can take a tour of the port in one of the small sampans , propelled by hand by women drivers .
Yes , we all can remember one or two truly inspiring teachers from our school days .
1 ) Voters can `` buy '' one of two brands when they select their political agents -- a Republican brand that believes in the minimalist state and in the virtues of private markets over the vices of public action , and a Democratic brand that believes in big government and in public intervention to remedy the excesses attendant to the pursuit of private interest .
The Tien Chi , first test - fired in 1997 , is a solid - fueled , two - stage missile with a 300 km range that can reach China 's southeastern coast .
The area patrol is different from the single patrol in that : 1- It has a vehicle equipped with a machine gun 2- It can use horses to canvass the area , but the patrol should be formed of 2 or 3 people at least
From the monastery , hikers enjoy the two - hour cross-country trek down to Silvermine Bay , but the authorities have warned walkers to be on the lookout for snakes , which can be plentiful in the Lantau hinterland , especially in summer .
The 2nd Cavalry Regiment [ at Fort Lewis ] recently received three vehicles that can detect radiation or biological and chemical hazards while keeping the soldiers safe inside .
The area patrol is different from the single patrol in that : 1- It has a vehicle equipped with a machine gun 2- It can use horses to canvass the area , but the patrol should be formed of 2 or 3 people at least
You can find Manchester , Sheffield , and Cambridge in Jamaica , to name but three .
CBW can have a greater psychological impact than conventional explosives , as suggested by the 2001 anthrax letter attacks , which killed only five people but frightened millions of Americans .
2- A bachelor can have a vacation by rotation for five days every month .
The distance between the first and fourth bump should be 100 meters , and the distance between the fourth and the sixth should be 50 meters , so cars can not travel fast in the direction of the building 5- Barbed Wires : They should be placed around the building , around the walls , or on top of the walls 6- Nails Obstacle : These are placed at the main gate in order to puncture the tires of any car crashing in
Even rank amateurs can do it if they spend a few thousand dollars for a commercially available microwave receiver with amplifier and a VCR recorder .
They can take one of the following forms : 1- Steel pipes : Insert 4 inch pipes in the ground at 50 centimeters apart and a height of one meter then fill them with cement 2- Barrels : They are filled with cement and place around the building , especially at the entrance to prevent cars from crashing into it 3- Ditches : They are better than road bumps because they are harder to see .
The distance between the first and fourth bump should be 100 meters , and the distance between the fourth and the sixth should be 50 meters , so cars can not travel fast in the direction of the building 5- Barbed Wires : They should be placed around the building , around the walls , or on top of the walls 6- Nails Obstacle : These are placed at the main gate in order to puncture the tires of any car crashing in
Leitenberg , who has worked on arms control and chemical and biological weapons issues for 40 years , told UPI that `` a best case scenario '' might kill most of the inhabitants of a subway car , but added `` every calculation ( one can make about casualties ) relies on a whole series of assumptions . ''
Unless there are radical changes in migration to and from the British Isles , or in mortality rates in middle age , or an unprecedented natural disaster , the numbers can be confidently predicted . 
But , Gov . Donald Carcieri , Providence Mayor David Cicilline and others told Chairwoman Susan Collins of Maine and Rhode Island Sen . Lincoln Chafee , they need more federal money , they need it to come faster when disaster strikes and they need a steady stream they know they can rely on from year to year .
But , Gov . Donald Carcieri , Providence Mayor David Cicilline and others told Chairwoman Susan Collins of Maine and Rhode Island Sen . Lincoln Chafee , they need more federal money , they need it to come faster when disaster strikes and they need a steady stream they know they can rely on from year to year .
The researchers say in some cases the after effects can compare with those suffered by survivors of major tragedies like the Zebrugree disaster . 
And in such a state of war as we have now in Wales , mischances can happen all too easily . 
The Yorkshire boxers ' misfortune at having to box twice so soon before the N-E Counties finals can only help the N-E division winners , who laid on another fine night of boxing at Gateshead Leisure Centre on Friday . 
In 1779 Middlesex petitioners demanded an investigation ` into the true cause of those misfortunes which have reduced this once powerful and flourishing empire to a state which words can not describe " . 
` Its development , " says Holyoak , ` would not necessitate the great cataclysm of demolition ; the plan is designed so that parts of it can be built independently in phases . " 
A Health and Safety Executive spokesman said : ` Research like this can help us take steps to reduce the risk of a mistake being made that could have catastrophic consequences . " 
Further , what can be done to prevent or reduce the likelihood of incidents of BW terrorism ?
Leitenberg , who has worked on arms control and chemical and biological weapons issues for 40 years , told UPI that `` a best case scenario '' might kill most of the inhabitants of a subway car , but added `` every calculation ( one can make about casualties ) relies on a whole series of assumptions . ''
The acquisition and creation of these various weapon systems can also be seen as a response to Iran 's own experience as a victim of chemical and missile attacks during the Iran - Iraq War .
It showed how categorisation by discipline installations , painting , photography and so on can still work effectively as a way of organising an exhibition . 
This can only be done , of course , with authors who lived within modern categorizations of sexuality -- but that period , after all , does include the entire history of the cinema . 
Trade Unions can be categorised into three main types -- white collar , general and craft unions . 
Tephra can be categorized on the basis of the size of the pyroclasts of which it is composed . 
The SAC 's letter to the organisers says the grant will not be paid because it classes the festival as ` a local project " and can support only ` national and regional organisations and schemes " . 
Blue is classed as a cool colour and can be used to tone down very sunny rooms 
For example , genitives are not stored because they can be easily identified , nor is punctuation classed as a dictionary part of speech . 
Some of those same cells may also be referred to when the device is presented with an instance which it has already classified correctly , so later learning can upset what was learned before . 
Since rocks of different composition absorb and reflect light differently , astronomers can usefully classify the asteroids into 16 groups on the basis ( more or less ) of their colours . 
Can we even construe Freudian theory as a nineteenth century articulation of these ideas about possession ? 
There are two main interpretations that Can be put on this finding . 
There are effects of specific context ( for example , the piece of discourse currently being processed has to be fitted into and has its processing guided by the preceding and already-processed discourse ) ; and there are effects of general context ( for example , the listener/reader can draw upon his background knowledge of what the world is like to guide his discourse interpretation ) . 
The same attempt to represent fathers in Leapor 's writing purely as tyrants , can likewise be seen in her interpretation of ` The Unhappy Father " which will be discussed below . 
Underpinning both the interpretation of their designs and the economic evidence they can provide is the datability of coins . 
A dreary diet of lessons based upon textbook and worksheet is never going to inspire children to regard schooling with enthusiasm , nor will it provide the base on which a personal commitment to learning can be built . 
I 've watched you for years , you and your silly ways , and you can count yourself lucky you 've got a 'usband like Jack .
FEW actors enjoy being typecast but even fewer can do much about it .
His target of attack here is positivism , which we can understand as the identification of natural science with knowledge itself . 
If you can understand these simple shapes as three-dimensional cylinders and boxes , the very complex shapes that comprise the human figure can be analysed and understood .
Most guilt can be understood as hidden resentment .
But of course the erotic can be conceived quite differently , as it was by Pound . 
Although we tend to get most spots in our teens , we are liable to get the odd pimple even after 40 , and ` cosmetic acne " can cause distress at any age . 
Thus , pupils moving around the system can enhance a school 's provision if it is a net gainer but cause severe problems very quickly if it is a net loser . 
Check the vitamin/mineral list ( page 9 ) , as a deficiency in one of these can cause sleep problems . 
Eruptions on the Sun inject high-speed particles into the solar wind , and these can cause geomagnetic disturbances on reaching the Earth . 
Teachers should never treat non-standard dialect as sub-standard language but should recognise the intimate links between dialect and identity and the damage to self-esteem and motivation which can be caused by indiscriminate ` correction " of dialect forms . 
The opposite of a vigorous workout , this gentle method of realigning your body can be effective in dispelling tensions which are the root cause of problems ranging from headaches and backaches to depression and insomnia . 
We can make it difficult for the respondent to do this by randomizing the direction of the successive ratings so that ` desirable " is sometimes on the left and sometimes on the right .
All of this has made me understand that it is time for change , and I want to explain how I believe I can continue to serve Britain .
The anguish of being parted from her beloved sons William and Harry will be made even worse by the knowledge that she can no longer share her troubles with her father .
They can be made even more attractive by the addition of frills or a scalloped heading .
This can lead to iatrogenic disease ( drug induced ) , a problem which may be far more wide-spread than is generally realised .
The European Community says the problem of sexual harassment can lead to lost productivity and large amounts of sick leave being taken by staff unwilling to face torment in the office or on the shopfloor .
" We can now see a reason for the disappearance of Garcia 's household .
Few people can now deny that the Education Act 1988 will bring about fundamental changes in the way that the service is both managed and delivered to children .
The spiritual resources of patients can do a great deal to help in their recovery or bring about a peaceful death .
The one can not be made a substitute for the other ; indeed , any failure in right conduct inevitably brings about a downfall in right beliefs .
It is now widely accepted that such headaches can be precipitated by foods as well as stress , the oral contraceptive Pill , and the build-up to a period .
These changes induced by platelet activating factor can be almost completely reversed by the pretreatment with highly specific and potent platelet activating factor receptor blocker , TCV-309 .
However , it is already apparent that resistance can be induced in insects relatively rapidly when they are exposed to toxin that has been expressed in plants or other organisms .
Dominant experimenters can induce greater expectation bias .
Much of it , of course , using the standards of top newspapers , can not be used since it is largely gossip we are repeating , although it certainly could make for some very good stories .
They can take one of the following forms : 1- Steel pipes : Insert 4 inch pipes in the ground at 50 centimeters apart and a height of one meter then fill them with cement 2- Barrels : They are filled with cement and place around the building , especially at the entrance to prevent cars from crashing into it 3- Ditches : They are better than road bumps because they are harder to see .
Kids like Tommie J . , made a ward of the court because of repeated beatings by an alcoholic father ; Alice , sent to a group home to get help because of severe behavior disorders ; and John H . , a recovering alcoholic , rebuilding a relationships with his family so they can live together again .
At Goodwill , it is the hard work of staff and those who benefit from our services that produces the kind of inspiring results I see every day : A Goodwill staff member addresses a group of welfare recipients : `` You can earn the money to support yourself and your family , '' she says .
Again , I do not have all of the information for July and August , so I can not give you any numbers .
Kids like Tommie J . , made a ward of the court because of repeated beatings by an alcoholic father ; Alice , sent to a group home to get help because of severe behavior disorders ; and John H . , a recovering alcoholic , rebuilding a relationships with his family so they can live together again .
9:31 a.m. GR8FLRED : It 's amazing how one second can so completely change your life .
The state can ( and does ) transform society .
But London 's pattern of hospitals is such a historical muddle that no one can wave a wand and transform everything overnight .
A patio can completely transform the way you used and enjoy your garden .
A row of well-designed awnings can transform a building , especially if they incorporate the hotel 's or restaurant 's logo using the same colour schemes .
The properties of bronze can be further modified by introducing other metals such as lead .
Although the position has been modified by statute , traditionally a joint liability can only be enforced by bringing the claim at the same time against all the vendors undertaking the liability .
However , before the sale can go ahead the Trust must obtain permission from the courts to modify the will of the Trust 's founder , Sir Henry Wellcome .
Still , they can all be altered to suit , and when somebody asks where you got that dodgy or otherwise guitar sound you can say
The originator can no longer alter the contents of the DC .
If he can alter the fortunes of the superpower state for the better , other nations will follow .
Occasional hurricanes can spoil the idyllic climate and contribute to this `` laid back '' attitude : Jamaicans are aware that circumstances can suddenly alter dramatically and yet life will always carry on .
This does not mean that , as a survival technique , individual species can not vary their body size to suit circumstances .
Dr Miller is a protean leopard ; he can vary his spots .
From this , it is clear that the output voltage can be varied by altering the duty cycle .
These two values can usually be varied by controls mounted on the gyro itself or , in some cases , also changed at the transmitter .
By contrast , the solid fuel merchant can afford to vary the content of what goes into pre-packed bags of household fuel , provided the weight is correct .
Keep an eye on self-seeded plants as they can show interesting colour variations .
Excessive variation of hardness levels can cause stress , damage to gills and fin tissues , poor colour , loss of breeding abilities and a low resistance to disease .
Purée can be gradually thickened by adding flour , oatmeal , potato , rice , or any staple that the family uses until it reaches the consistency of mashed potato . 
If wood is to be stained as well as filled , then it is possible with some makes to thin the filler with the wood dye , so that dyeing and filling can be carried out in one operation . 
Oil pastels can be thinned with white spirits using either brushes , rags or both . 
Provided that iron contains some carbon , introduced by carburisation ( heating under charcoal ) , it can be hardened by quenching , that is by cooling rapidly in oil or water . 
The cubes can be added to soups and sauces or thawed for use in puddings and cakes . 
I can thaw it out in the microwave … and I 've done a salad and jacket potatoes . ” 
Strong , rigid aluminium faces on the inside and outside provide outstanding security , and unlike plastic panels , the new designs can not be melted with a blowtorch or removed by would-be intruders . 
• Frozen food can be defrosted gently in the steamer . 
You can also defrost and clean your fridge and freezer with the Steamatic , making short work of what can often be a long and messy job . 
If an instrument is not available , a known sample volume can be evaporated to dryness and brought to constant weight to give total solids by evaporation . 
The second is that the multiplicity of authorities increases the number of administrators and clerical workers , so imposing a heavy cost on an economy that can ill afford to use its resources in this way . 
Varanus can also increase its metabolic rate , like mammals but often more effectively . 
This article explains how you can rapidly increase your finds rate by putting yourself on the saddle of an imaginary bicycle and travelling back in time to the turn-of-the-century . 
The residence time of the instilled drug can be increased by mimicking the interactions that normally occur between the mucoid component of the tear film and the corneal surface . 
Further , what can be done to prevent or reduce the likelihood of incidents of BW terrorism ?
Professor Mathias has stressed that rising output and improving productivity will lower the average costs of a commodity " only if the goods can be cleared to a widening market …
That can lower rates by two or three percentage points . 
Exporters can raise prices in sterling terms ( so maintaining them in foreign currency terms ) without losing competitiveness . 
More simply , the similarity transformations can be seen to describe the growth and form of mollusc shells ( Figure 3b ) . 
The rule also pushes up costs , since a non-bank can not route all its card business through its main finance department .
The government says local authorities can narrow the care gap by pushing down prices in the independent sector .
Before a skyscraper can be built , a feng shui ( see page 68 ) investigation must take place to ensure that the site and the building will promote health , harmony , and prosperity .
Apartment dwellers can crank up the Dolby Digital explosions of " Pearl Harbor " after 10 p . m . without prompting angry calls from the co-op board .
I 'm listening to Consonant right now , but I might have to crank some Stereolab in a bit ( 'cause that 's about as close as I can get to krautrock with the CDs I have at work ) .
The argument thus far can be fortified by a consideration of the nature of the ` ought " .
The Keynesian Yellow Book , fortified by a sharp and confident pamphlet , We Can Conquer Unemployment , gave them that .
Weight training strengthens the muscles , and stronger muscles can enable the pregnant woman to cope with her increased body weight and altered centre of gravity more easily .
The justification for the clearer articulation of substantive principles can be reinforced by the type of thesis advanced by Reich .
In the case of monuments and historical buildings , the erosion and damage can destroy carvings and statues and weaken building structures .
In political terms , the grants to Buckingham can be partially justified by the need to replace the council of the prince of Wales which , apart from the attack on its Woodville members , had lost its focus with the accession of Edward V. But the scale of the grants leaves no doubt that the primary aim was the aggrandizement of Buckingham . 
Analogical inheritance can be used to guide the augmentation of a semantic net . 
Gonococcal stricture is very rare these days , because of the widespread availability of appropriate medication , and it is largely elderly patients who attend a ` sounds " clinic , where the strictures can be dilated by means of metal , plastic , or gum instruments . 
An individual can not enlarge his benefit by producing the good and charging others for using it , because of the free-rider problem . 
Coarse sand can not be used for this purpose , because it soon enlarges the hole through which it flows . 
This pattern library can be enlarged as the use of the program develops . 
The growth of tree roots and their penetration and enlargement of incipient rock fractures can contribute significantly to the break-up of rock which may have experienced relatively little weakening through chemical alteration . 
Binge-eating can cause menstrual disturbances , acute swelling of the stomach and also salivary gland enlargement . 
We can expand the argument concerning the power of occupational professions to cover any group . 
The Morestore can be expanded by the simple addition of a module unit , which doubles the storage capacity . 
Real economic growth rates can be used to assess the expansion in a country 's output of goods and services . 
Rolled up , admittedly , but those things can be opened and inflated from their gas cylinders in seconds . 
An indexation allowance can also be used to inflate or create a loss for CGT purposes . 
These can go a very long way to mollifying those individuals whose journeys are lengthened by traffic-affecting measures . 
Get a pair that you can afford , that are easy to handle , and have a magnification of from 7 to 10 ( resist the temptation to go for higher power ) . 
A useful feature divides the working area into multiple screens , each of which can display a selected part of the main drawing at any level of magnification . 
But operating profits improved in the second half and the company can take some credit for the reduction in gearing to just 5 p.c . 
Sudden movements in exchange and interest rates can erode profit margins , strain your cashflow and shrink overall profits . 
Another limitation is the extent to which components can be shrunk before quantum effects decrease their reliability . 
Some people are daunted by the technology of sound , but it 's basically just like water : you can send it out in a jet or you can spray it gently over everyone . 
The use of systemic fungicides sprayed onto potato crops , and fumigation of stored potatoes , can reduce the incidence of the disease but the spread of infection is greatly facilitated by modern harvesting equipment . 
This spotted sea hare ( above ) is a mollusc that can squirt a cloud of purple ink into the water in response to the approach of a predator . 
It is a superbly efficient food gatherer , and can siphon ten gallons of water at a single suck and squirt this into the elephant 's mouth . 
Some fruit-eating birds can swallow fruit and only five minutes later squirt out the remains . 
Beyond that , you can usually buy extensions covering accidental damage to the buildings , eg ; by putting your foot through the bedroom ceiling , or to the contents , eg , by spilling paint on a carpet .
Human relationships can not usually be kept within neat bounds by both partners , but tend to spill over in deep emotions of pain and anger .
A HUSBAND who beat his wife in a savage three-hour assault can wait until his holidays before going to jail . 
In the sentencing of women who have beaten or injured their children one can see judges actually having to juggle with the two distinct and apparently contradictory images of women : as vicious assailant and loving mother . 
Israel is not to resort to the Canaanite practice of boiling a kid in its mother 's milk to increase fertility . 
It appears to have rather generalized habits , feeding on everything from worms to clams , which it can crush with its powerful appendages , using the bases of its legs like nutcrackers . 
Hopefully the initial push towards the enemy will ensure that the Fanatic hits the enemy more often than he hits his mates … but you can never be sure . 
Hopefully the initial push towards the enemy will ensure that the Fanatic hits the enemy more often than he hits his mates … but you can never be sure . 
Bruce Harris says : ` Can you imagine what would happen if a 13 year old boy was kicked to death by policemen in London ? 
I can either kick you hard or you can open your eyes and save the hurt . 
The first time Nathan knew for certain that something was n't right was when Donald smashed him over the head with a can of beans . 
LESLEY Harrison 's pursuit of her attacker , despite being stabbed in the heart , shows how humans can summon their strength for a final all-out effort . 
From his Jamaican holiday retreat , Lewis said : ` I can beat Tucker , I know I can knock him out . 
If , as Kierkegaard once claimed , if the whole world can be divided into those who write and those who do not write , then we are two different species mauling each other without comprehension . 
Once a Squig has been provoked from its lair the Night Goblins throw nets over it then bash it senseless with large clubs so it can be safely dragged away . 
He altered that to , ` Can you put the light out , dear ? " when she bashed him with the book and asked him to repeat what he had said . 
Frayed or cut wires , for instance , can destroy expensive property by fire or even kill through electrocution . 
Frayed or cut wires , for instance , can kill by electrocution . 
The 38-year-old man , who can not be named to protect the identity of his victim , tortured her with an electric stun gun during the ordeal in front of their children , the court heard .
They also have thugs who can threaten , maim and kill those who will not do what they are told .
Violators of the dress code can be publicly flogged , jailed , or fined .
I know what we 'll do ; I 'll go up on the dunes and you hit the bell with your bit of wood and we 'll see if I can hear it . 
NOW that the Queen has agreed to pay tax can we concentrate on scuttling the creaky old royal yacht , running the royal train into the buffers and grounding the Queen 's flight ? 
` Ah , no , Sir Richard may be pompous , Lady Isabella frosty , Dame Ermengilde may strike her cane on the floor in temper , but Vechey 's death can not be dismissed . 
I try to twist my body so I can jab my left elbow in his face .
You can start by chucking all that hard luck stuff out of the window . " 
` Chuck me a can ! " 
You can chuck me in the river , if you like , for all the good I am to meself . 
The modern manager establishes his machismo , not by creating a business that can employ thousands , but by buying a business and then chucking all his supposedly supernumerary workers on the dole . 
The specks of dust consisting of heavier particles flung off by the Sun aggregate into larger lumps ( a process which can be duplicated in a laboratory ) . 
He suddenly grabbed the beer can and hurled it against the wall then upturned the table , sending it crashing against the cooker . 
A bolt thrower is a powerful weapon which can hurl its bolt through several ranks of troops , piercing each warrior in turn . 
One can not press this argument too far . 
But once balanced there , it can be pushed over with just one finger . 
There are one or two things you can try , in order to remedy the situation , before you finally throw your air pump out of the bedroom window . 
A TIP : If a power failure occurs ( or the mains have to be turned off ) temperature loss can be much reduced by just throwing a blanket from the bed over the aquarium . 
Be very careful of old fluorescent light tubes , which can explode if dropped , and never puncture old aerosol cans or throw them on a fire . 
If the nature of such a vibration can be established it may throw some light on the nature of the electronic band . 
I found an old coat thrown across a garbage can in a back alley . 
Road tests carried out twenty years ago show how passengers can be thrown around in a crash . 
And so the gulls can absorb or accommodate the pressures of the wind , standing apparently unconcerned in gusts which are tossing around 180-litre oil drums like playthings . 
And God says the wicked are like the tossing sea , for it can not be quiet , and it 's waters toss up refuse and mud . 
Cupboard doors were flying , the trash can in the kitchen walked a few feet , the dogs came running , and I scooted them into the dog run and stood in the doorway myself , watching the outside trash cans dance across the concrete .
You can take a tour of the port in one of the small sampans , propelled by hand by women drivers .
However you like to take a bath , if you use electricity to heat your water , you can save up to £70 a year — with Total Water Heating . 
Despite modern central heating systems , which heat our homes from cellar to attic , nothing can quite replace that warm glow — even if we have to recreate it with ceramic ‘ coals ’ and gas-fired flames …
In the laboratory their eggs can be heated to 98°C for 16 hours and still hatch out as normal . 
When the grill is not in use , plates and serving dishes can be warmed in the grill compartment when the oven is on . 
No fire can burn without the oxygen air provides , and air can only rise to great heights when it 's warmed by fire . 
The vessels are available in sizes of 30 to 500 litres and can cool their contents to a temperature in the range of 10°C to +20°C , accurate to ±2°C , within two hours . 
Best established among them is the older Hyatt Cancun Caribe whose pools and beach are cooled by gentle sea breezes . 
An electric fan will cool the engine but a thermostatically controlled switch A mechanical fan is more reliable for long slogs as it can move more cooling air 
If preferred the lemon treacle tart can be completely cooked a day ahead and reheated gently just before serving . 
For certain businesses the purchaser may require the prior consent or approval of an industry regulator before it can commence the new business or amalgamate it into its existing business . 
In a short essay the sections will be paragraphs ; in a long essay you can combine the paragraphs into titled and or numbered sections and sub-sections . 
I can combine our walk with some useful work . " 
If all context-tables are combined into a single library then a change in the properties of a context can be effected just by changing its context-specification within the library . 
Sounding like a variation of Buffalo Tom , the Pixies and Sebadoh ( with hints of The Cure , Teenage Fanclub and Can ) , they 've fused agonised tunes with fey and angst-riddled melodies . 
The old Metal Box company merged its can-making business with Carnaud in 1989 . 
This way the colours can be merged , spread and when dry , re-pastelled . 
The reason that so many different interest groups , with their contrasting standpoints , can apparently unite in this way is obvious enough . 
By blending different essential oils , we not only improve the aroma of a single essence , but more interestingly , we can control the mind-body effect of the oil . 
Other absorbent materials are available for bedding , but problems can arise when they are used in breeding cages as they can desiccate the pups . 
` Best get out of them wet things , " he said , kneeling down beside him , ` so 's I can dry them for tomorrow . " 
Banana skins , for example , are sometimes dried for weeks until they have gone black , then the inside off the skin can be scraped off and smoked . 
It can only be dried out by diffusing it slowly through the tube walls . 
It can only be dried out by diffusing it slowly through the tube walls . 
We have just had an extension completed and want to dry out the walls quickly so that we can use the room . 
They are particularly useful when preparing a seed-bed for roots , but can destroy soil crumb structure by reducing it to ` flour " causing desiccation in dry weather and panning in wet . 
Otherwise , the specimen can be dehydrated by passage through successively more concentrated ethanol/water mixtures , through absolute alcohol into acetone , before placing in resin .
Manually adding best-fit curves to data plots can be laborious and prone to error .
Done correctly , and at the right time , it can add power to the technique being performed .
In addition , you can use it for metal-grinding , for instance when sharpening cold chisels , rotary-mower blades and other cutting tool blades .
The crayons can be sharpened in an ordinary sharpener as long as it 's designed to take the thicker pencils or crayons .
We shall soak the walls of the two trenches with this stuff , also soak the camouflage squares before wrapping them round our heads , then we can settle down tonight free of mosquitoes . " 
This will greatly reduce the risk of condensation , which can saturate the insulation , rendering it useless , and can also cause serious rot in the roof timbers . 
The 2nd Cavalry Regiment [ at Fort Lewis ] recently received three vehicles that can detect radiation or biological and chemical hazards while keeping the soldiers safe inside .
If Iran can adequately demonstrate peaceful intentions for its nuclear program and allows IAEA inspections , nuclear power reactor technology trade restraints may be lifted .
The sanctions can not be lifted until U.N. inspectors certify that Iraq has eliminated its weapons of mass destruction and the means to produce them .
Nor can Colm Henry wait for the day when the whole ` chemistry " part of photography is done away with .
No natural laws can be done away with .
Some of these lorikeets have small bills that are capable only of pinching the skin of human handlers , while other species can easily draw blood and even splinter wood . 
` Can you keep the little sucker on your desk a whole day without smashing it to pieces . " 
You can use the grating blade of a food processor to shred and grate the vegetables , if you wish . 
Trolls are not very intelligent , but they are extremely strong , and can easily rip a man apart with their bare hands . 
If piranhas can rip a horse to pieces in no time , surely even a seven foot long otter offers little challenge ? 
On top of the many sacrifices public servants already must make -- disclosure , lower pay , restrictions on what they can do after they leave -- they must increasingly bank on being gratuitously ripped apart by a totally politicized confirmation process .
I can hear Anya 's voice -- a low secret murmur -- in the kitchen , along with the hiss of steam , the tintinnabulation of a teaspoon , the scream of a biscuit packet being torn apart . 
We can tear up the unfavourable information folder .
Skilled ringers use their wrists to advance or retard the next swing , so that one bell can swap places with another in the following change .
If Isabel can include in the time she spends with him developing his skills for a propensity for being slightly more economic in his travel and hospitality arrangements , I guess we 'd be even more pleased .
The activity can be taken further by asking them to represent three key moments in a story line ( either one they have heard or one they have themselves developed through drama ) .
While countries may seek to develop all of these capabilities on an independent , indigenous basis , they can and often do seek some inputs from foreign sources .
Taiwan is currently developing the Tien Chi , a short-range ballistic missile system that can reach the coast of China .
The extent to which authorities can achieve gains depends , of course , on their bargaining power , which in turn may be related to current ( and local ) economic conditions .
The canny Taiwanese have perfected the technique of ` shadow dancing " .
I practise perfecting things I can almost already play .
You can start vibrating them as soon as your have laid a few metres . 
Some have also developed special muscles so that they can vibrate the swim-bladder and produce a loud drumming noise . 
A carrier is fixed by knots or capstan windings to the line , and it can be raised or lowered simply by rotating the secondary kiteline around the triangle . 
Pictures can be rotated about any axis . 
This way when we go out to ask for community support and are asked about our board giving level , we can show our in-house commitment through 100% board participation .
In so doing , he shows us that a great deal of sadism , animality , and outright lust can lurk behind people 's anodyne professions that they just want to `` uphold the law '' or `` maintain a level of decency . ''
As a result , an alumina implant can shield the surrounding bone from the stresses generated by normal activity , and the bone loses the stimulation which is necessary for it to remain healthy . 
But the industry itself can generate change . 
Until a definition for asthma itself can be agreed the problem of defining attacks will continue to generate controversy . 
Another conference at Llangollen on Wednesday examines how indigenous cultural resources can generate economic growth . 
Slight changes in main-chain torsion angles for the linker residues in sCD2 can generate substantial ` hinge-bending " shifts in relative domain orientation . 
The kind of non-randomness that can be generated by simple sieving is roughly equivalent to opening a combination lock with one one dial : it is easy to open it by sheer luck . 
Because of the resulting close juxtaposition of areas of uplift and subsidence , considerable local relief can be generated . 
Whilst volumetric information can only be inferred , the full visual appearance of the solid object can be generated . 
Finally , crystallization occurs preferentially along a single crystal axis and large pressures can be generated within rock fractures . 
This can create a conflict of interest which needs careful management .
Nigel shows how a little thought and planning can create superb , colourful interest throughout the year whether using terracotta pots , tubs , hanging baskets , troughs or window boxes .
The arrival of new management can create tensions within any work-force .
Polyacetylene has created a lot of technological interest because it , like other semiconductors , can be doped to improve its conductivity , which can be increased ten million , million times .
Therefore , it is my opinion that nothing can be done to engender additional assistance of the type requested unless the State Department secures authority therefore …
You can still hear the resentment engendered in the villages by these schemes because of the way they were so clearly causing poverty and creating severe labour bottlenecks on the farm .
Hence it can be seen that tailoring a generative system to a particular domain can elicit high performance but there is a substantial effort required to tailor a system to a domain .
But you can wake me again , if you like . " 
Others have thought the figure an akroterion , and one can be fairly certain that the idea of making a free-standing statue in motion was first developed in that architectural context . 
This means you can be quite certain about total success , relative success and failure and , therefore , be in a better position to learn from experience . 
This proved to be far in excess of the minimum required for immunity , and although the researchers can not be certain of directly comparable results in man , the prospects seem reasonably good . 
It 's going on raining all night , I 'm certain of that , but we can feed underground here , you know . 
It 's important though to remember that the value of the investment itself will fluctuate so you can not be certain of getting capital back intact . 
They may however have achieved a realization of theoretical proposals : but we can not be certain about that until further research has been undertaken into the workings of the Household . 
The bullets may bounce off the sides of the slits or go plumb through the middle , so that we can not be certain of exactly where they will hit the second screen . 
“ How can you be so certain ? ” 
The Japanese are confident they can muster the necessary 25 per cent minority to block the French proposal if a vote is called . 
They can help you with your training needs your child care and your travel and they can also provide the support you need if you 're not confident about going back to learning . 
But I 'm not sure that Faye can take much more waiting . " 
` I know there was speculation that my career was over , but at 29 I am sure I can play in the 1995 World Cup . " 
They can be sure of a very genuine welcome and also a special place in our prayers . 
Which means when you do business with ANZ you can be sure of dealing with the same bank at both ends of the transaction . 
We can not be sure of how to interpret the results . 
If there were such evidence , you can be sure you would have heard of it .
We need additional confidence that China 's statements and actions will be sufficient for us to defend a certification of that kind ... we want to be sure that we 've done all we can to obtain the maximum level of cooperation from China on this subject. [ US Department of State , Daily Press Briefing , 14 October 1997 . ]
You can then take off with complete confidence , knowing that you have checked all the really vital things for the flight . 
So whatever the intensity of use and type of environment -- you can specify Burmatex with total confidence . 
Jim Durcan is dubious about whether organisations are capable of empowering employees : ` I know that organisations can disempower people . 
Furthermore , there can be no absolute certainty that a candidate 's thesis will pass in the end , however carefully the examiners are selected . 
You will follow every suggestion she makes because the only way you can get back to Paris is on two feet and I doubt your ability to even walk across this room . " 
Questions about why these examples and not others constantly loom , because we can seriously doubt how representative the selected texts are . 
` Can you seriously doubt what we have between us ? " 
The public importance of these questions can not be doubted , but this is nothing to do with Miss T. as a private individual . 
However , there is a different form of uncertainty that can not possibly help the theist 's case , and that is uncertainty about what is meant by talking about God . 
A comparable uncertainty about the conventional wisdom of past decades can be found among political scientists concerning the forces shaping the state and influencing its responses both to the market and to civil society . 
It is a great burden for them if they can not share their uncertainty in the face of a complicated diagnosis , or their distress if they have to predict an inevitable death or permanent disability . 
The resulting analysis can set bounds on the uncertainties , while producing a range of estimates of the country 's capabilities .
Ask at your council or local advice group if you are unsure what you can claim . 
Whatever one 's interpretation of the events of the next two and a half months , there can be little doubt that they represent an improvised response rather than a matured plan . 
There can be little doubt that the problems of the inner city are rooted in unfair and inadequate access to economic and political resources . 
And there 's some doubt as to whether the council can make its tenant farmers enforce the ban . 
It can also cause self-crisis in which the mainspring of a person 's belief system is called into doubt and inwardly crumbles without anything strong and important to take its place . 
There is no faith which can not choose to cast doubt on some other faith . 
Upon the first point I can not feel any doubt . 
The field man who has difficulty in meeting his programme can raise doubts about his industriousness . 
Go through gate then bear right across field heading for stile that can be seen on skyline . 
Anti-viral drugs against HIV can prolong life in a person with AIDS ( PWA ) .
In Fig. 6.10 deceleration can be initiated by prolonging the excitation time of phases A-B- for approximately two step intervals .
We can stay much as we are , in the same old muddle , with difficult decisions postponed . 
Skilled ringers use their wrists to advance or retard the next swing , so that one bell can swap places with another in the following change .
One cause for concern is that blood flowing through artificial organs tends to clot , which can lead to a stroke or to coronary heart disease . 
Any two solids can therefore be glued together if we can find a liquid which will wet them both and then harden . 
For the former , the outer layer can improve biocompatibility ; in this way the tendency for surface coagulation , complement activation and an immunological response are much less .
Nor can Socrates ' association with some of the Thirty Tyrants who , with Spartan support , had launched a coup against the democracy five years earlier , have been decisive .
Now that can create problems between one person who 's elected and a person who is not elected . 
Van Laue 's assertions about the inevitability of a Bolshevik revolution can in part be supported by the revolutionary theories of the Bolsheviks themselves . 
The seat is one of several in Rajasthan which the Janata Dal can not afford to lose if the combined opposition forces are to oust Mr Gandhi from power . 
The pope , too , alone , can depose bishops and move them from see to see . 
It can be hoped that Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez will draw the right conclusion from his narrow election victory Sunday .
They do n't know about cold so intense that rivers freeze over so you can drive a horse and cart across them . 
The most common type of LPG gas is butane , but it does not vaporise — so therefore can not burn — at temperatures below about 4°C . 
Most building materials are porous to some extent , although in a well-designed and properly maintained building the absorbed moisture can evaporate harmlessly to the outside . 
If the water on the leaves evaporates in strong daylight , it can burn the leaves causing brown areas which rot leaving holes and ` tatty leaves " . 
When conditions are hot , horses can lose a lot of sweat without you even knowing because it evaporates so quickly . 
Once the colour has solidified in the palette you can treat it as normal ` pan " watercolour : the colour can be lifted off by applying a wet brush . 
If food to be eaten raw or without further cooking has thawed , it 's acceptable to refreeze it if just the surface has softened but you can still feel some ice . 
That explanation depends on the presence of molecular oxygen in the gas cloud that was condensing to form the Sun , something the San Diego chemists think was likely , although they can not be certain . 
The human body produces something like two litres of water vapour in an average night and in cold conditions this can condense inside the filling . 
Portions can be cut while frozen , and the cake takes between 15 and 30 minutes to defrost . 
well my eldest son took piano for oh about four years and lost interest but he learned enough that he can still sit down and play and enjoys doing that and has a keyboard
This must mean , in terms of the figure , an increase in the number of a and b elements activated by the stimuli , something that can be represented diagrammatically in more than one way .
These mediators are probably responsible for pathological changes because it is known that these mediators can induce an inflammatory response by changing capillary permeability , inducing inflammatory cell infiltration , and activating the inflammatory cells .
Each can be associated with a particular file so that it is automatically loaded when the application is activated .
Though he could put no figure on possible aid , Sir Wyn said assistance would come from the Bellwin scheme which can be activated for emergency relief after exceptional storm or flood damage .
Many of the specific meanings which can be deciphered out of the symbol are not activated because they are not indexically required .
The presence in the diet of carcinogens or pro-carcinogens is probably one important environmental factor and these carcinogens and pro-carcinogens can be either activated or deactivated by xenobiotic metabolising enzymes present in the colon .
It can be seen that as the lexicon size increases , more candidate words are allowable , so sometimes the inverted look-up is not used when it might have found the correct word . 
Changes in consumer demand can be expected as products which rely heavily on water in their production process increase in price . 
If other countries resist a realignment , then a real appreciation can only come about if their inflation falls below Germany 's , at the cost of slower growth .
A wound on that side can kill within minutes , because blood is lost so quickly and the body 's supply of oxygen suddenly falls .
I can tell my hon. Friend that pensioners ' incomes from occupational pensions -- for those who have them -- rose on average from £13.90 a week in 1979 to £27.70 in 1988 .
Not only do numbers diminish with distance , but it can be shown that there is a statistical over-selection of spouses who live close and corresponding under-selection of those who live far away . 
Unit Trusts are open-ended , which means that their size can grow or diminish according to the demand for units . 
All our coinage , even our notes , diminish in size in proportion to what you can buy with it . 
And given that total hardware sales plummeted by 19.4% to $5,740m in the quarter , keeping the overall decline to 7% was an achievement in itself , even if within a quarter or three , turnover can be expected to start declining at an accelerating pace . 
During the winter months when snow is seldom absent and the temperature can plummet to -40°C , the mission travelled about 1,500 miles across Siberia to Yeniseysk , at which they turned south-east and followed the wild , raging Angara River for 1,300 miles through deep-cut , tree-clad highlands to Irkutsk and the magnificent Lake Baykal . 
The bluefin -- a giant predatory fish that can live for 30 years and weigh up to 1,000 pounds -- has declined in number by 90 per cent . 
Some parents say they can barely afford children : living costs rocketed in the late 1980s , and Taipei is now reckoned to be one of the world 's most expensive cities in which to live . 
Water and oxygen levels can drop rapidly in hot weather . 
Alternatively , socialist parties can maintain their ideology intact , keeping the class ready for a revolutionary opportunity but see their support possibly dwindle to restrictive ` ghetto " status . 
They cost around £60a-week , but if there 's been a baby boom in the area prices can double ! 
It 's not like changeableness in England , because weather here can fluctuate from very cold to very warm in a day . 
Adverse conditions can deteriorate water quality very quickly in a small aquarium and the water chemistry tends to fluctuate more destroying any stability . 
However , the human body can take minor fluctuations in weight with no ill effect . 
It is a method that can be tedious , confusing and not particularly reliable as readings can be made untrustworthy by fluctuations in general health . 
As Woodforde noted the cost of everything he purchased , we can follow the fluctuation of prices . 
With CDM , the textures produce more clumpiness at large scales than inflation 's density fluctuations can provide -- which puts them in line with the observations . 
The hike in Jaguar 's share price since Ford announced its intentions will have a crucial bearing on whether it can put together a defensive deal with GM . 
The climate here can best be described as `` changeable '' and yet the sudden shifts from light to dark , sunshine to shower , are part of the city 's magic .
Close your eyes , inhale and bend back as far as you can ( without any discomfort ) thrusting your arms back . 
` Please stand up and recite as much of it as you can . "
Then again the most beleaguered hostess would not swap a cantankerous granny on a Poundstretcher for a panicking mare trying to lie down in her stall at 30,000 feet . 
Now , if you lie back on the cushions , I 'll just hook you up to an enhancement device so we can share the experience . " 
If I shift in my harness and lean nervously backwards I can see my partner creeping nearer on a wall of loosely compacted rubble , brushing and blowing the sand from the holds as he swings upwards . 
This decent elegant fellow human beingWas seated in virtue , character , disability , Behind her the order of the ranged bookshelves , The windows monitored by Venetian blinds -- `` These can be raised or lowered ; numerous slats, Horizontally arranged , and parallel , Which can be tilted so as to admitPrecisely the desired light or air . ''
These are relatively inexpensive and can help to restore order to superficial chaos .
The most important lesson we can learn from our present educational disarray is that education is for everybody .
And the challenge for the 1990s is to step up the right against lawlessness and violence , so that our citizens can live free from fear .
The badinage between Nina and myself is never rehearsed , but this is live T.V. and we need all the help we can get . 
` In case you do n't know , horses can flatten people , " said Jimmy , always willing to stop for a chat with the man in the street or a girl in a park . 
` From your conversation with Nina , can I assume that Jennifer told you why I visited her last night ? " 
If there is no room in which interviews can be conducted , the nurse and patient should be seated near to each other so that they can converse quietly . 
We meet with the French regularly so it is important we can converse and understand each other . " 
To many newcomers they can seem a celebration of village conviviality , but closer inspection often reveals that who actually speaks to whom depends very much on background and life-style . 
And they all love Jerry because they can talk real Texas with her . 
That way we can talk without being overheard . " 
For every pimply , dejected murderer I can give you one who looks like a movie star , for everyone who wo n't talk , one who will gab your ear off . 
Rye flour does not rise on its own , but may be mixed with wheat in different proportions and can be baked into a variety of tasty breads . 
You can be a sizzling chef this Guy Fawkes Night with our quick and tasty recipes . 
FRESH mint makes a piquant summer sauce which you can have even in the winter . 
If you have n't any Caerphilly , you can use any flavourful hard cheese instead . 
Pleasant walks here are plentiful , or you can simply sunbathe and admire the views , before making your way back down to the village for a piece of scrumptious gateau in one of the numerous cafes . 
They were lavish with their frequent presents as only Chinese friends can be , and we enjoyed many delectable feasts of Chinese food at their favourite restaurants on Pender Street . 
` My beers are certainly bitter but you can drink several pints -- and you ca n't say that for many big brewers ' beers . " 
To get back to that post-prandial scene , there is , I believe , just one thing that can jolt one out of one 's seat ; a bitter almond . 
But up to one per cent of European ` sweet " almonds can be bitter , and bitter almonds are grown specifically . 
Furthermore , the orang-utan can tolerate a wide range of bitter and sour fruits and high alcohol levels and its strong hands allow it to open spiny or hard fruits like durians and legumes . 
A craving for sweet foods can be the body 's way of saying that the blood glucose level is low . 
Those fearing a re-run of the Great Jaffa Cake VAT saga , only this time on ` savoury snacks " , can relax -- perhaps . 
The hotel has a terrace overlooking the lake where you can enjoy delicious cakes and ice cream . 
The bar at your local Beefeater has a friendly atmosphere , where you can relax over a drink or enjoy a delicious bar meal . 
With a little imagination and the help of Alaska canned salmon , there are many delicious lowcalorie meals you can create and enjoy . 
You can have a delicious vegetarian lunch here .
Locals in one area for example became accustomed to pungent odours , which can arise from the manufacture of mushroom compost if the mix is not correct , and did not complain . 
If the property has been lived in for a long time with old carpets that have never been shampooed they can exude quite pungent odours . 
Salmon can recognise their relatives by smell , showing that each population has a genetically distinct odour . 
If you can not afford saffron , use turmeric , but you will miss the delicate fragrance of the Spanish spice . 
The handsome evergreen plant which costs £2.95 , will produce fragrant white flowers and by rolling and fermenting the young leaves , you can produce the aromatic Black Tea of Commerce . 
1 ) Voters can `` buy '' one of two brands when they select their political agents -- a Republican brand that believes in the minimalist state and in the virtues of private markets over the vices of public action , and a Democratic brand that believes in big government and in public intervention to remedy the excesses attendant to the pursuit of private interest .
You can pick from the examples we have described .
You can pick from the Mario World characters , including Mario , Princess , Luigi , Koopa Trooper , Donkey Kong , Toad , Bowser , and everyone 's favourite dinosaur , Yoshi .
You can pick any one of those four .
Northern Telecom -- itself a large Microsoft user -- says it has a prior claim to the initials and has told Microsoft it cant use the moniker .
Chapter 11 works by allowing top management to get the firm out of trouble by drawing up a rescue plan that can involve restructuring the firm and writing down creditors ' claims on its assets .
Surely no other vegetable can lay such claim to fame .
Yesterday the education committee agreed Gillbrook can continue using Lowfields fields on condition it accepts a licence that prevents the school from claiming the land if it opts out .
White feather dress and black gloves by Helmut Lang from Maria Luisa , 2 rue Canbon , Paris ; rings by Judy Blame from the House Of Beauty And Culture , 34-35 Stamford St , London N1 
` Can that be the frock you put on this morning ? " 
She wars a T-shirt , culottes and a baseball cap but can be changed into a sweat-shirt and sweat pants . 
I had a little pair of white ankle socks and can I find them ? 
The legendary fox spirits of Japanese superstition , they can either assume human form or enter the living body of a man or woman , most often appearing as beautiful women in long white gowns . 
The jacket can be mixed and matched with trousers and short , pleated skirts , and the skirt with tunic shapes , shirts or jackets of different lengths . 
They can wear a sweatshirt or blouse , with culottes or sweat pants . 
Yus , all right , Effie , you can 'ave the plump gent 's trousers for yer old man , if yer want . 
I still find myself looking occasionally at grey trousers in shops , and then thinking : no , I can wear what I like , in bright colours . 
I think I caught her on the hop , for she was wearing trousers and sandals and … no , I can not remember what else … . 
By two , most children can take off hats , shoes , socks , pants and vests , but they have trouble with sleeves , fastenings and bulky jackets because chubby hands are clumsy and uncoordinated . 
Examples can be found of grandparents buying basic necessities such as food and clothing for their grandchildren , as well as more substantial purchases . 
Russell sees good opportunities in synthetic leather clothing , particularly if Morton can tie in with a European designer . 
Knitters now ask me if I can do these ballet cardigans with my eyes shut . 
` I 'll wear the sexiest swimsuit I can find ! 
In the chapel at the Beguinage , you can listen to the nuns chanting their prayers wearing the white headresses and black robes of the original beguines . 
` I am afraid that I can not venture an opinion as to the length of the weapon , until my examination , " he said , withdrawing the probe and wiping it on his apron . 
" Her name is Barbara Stetson , she is now 82 , but in fishnets and suspenders was once , as Red Stetson , Britain 's highest can-can kicker . 
` She can be really tight , " Jinx said , picking a hole in her fishnet . 
His selflessness demonstrated that Debussy 's music can do without the fancy apparel that many other artists might unthinkingly have bestowed upon it . " 
Three blocks back there were canopied doorways , wealth-guards in livery and vistas of brownstone . 
Santa outfits can be hired from Angels , Shaftesbury Ave , London , W1 
The person who helped squeeze her into this skin tight outfit has left the building and no one else can help her get out . 
You can produce the most gorgeous garments for autumn and winter . 
Before you can view any piece of your garment in the EXACT STITCH LAYOUT section , you must enter the details of your main stitch tension on the TENSIONS screen . 
Master the art of partial knitting and you can shape your garment as you knit , smoothly slope a shoulder , add a flare or curve a hem . 
Even during the quiet moments you can not fail to be amused by the range of items on offer from edible underwear to garlic chewing gum . 
Nick is the man with the baseball glove who can stand at the end of the practice range and catch his master 's ball no matter whether it has been struck with a sand-iron or a driver . 
If you look hard you can still find old shops with window displays like an undertaker 's , where a single navy-blue woollen glove on a metal stand would be considered a showy Christmas display . 
Very light latex rubber gloves , similar to surgical gloves , can be used for light sensitive work when skin protection is needed . 
Ladies in Burberry raincoats can be intimidating in the nicest possible way . 
Veils and headdresses , shoes and lingerie are also available and you can complete your look after a visit to their flower shop . 
Unfortunately the canopies are locked by an odd-shaped chunky steel key , there is only one , and it stays firmly zipped in the pocket of Harry 's red flying overalls . 
` I 'm afraid a very weathered cotton sundress is the best I can muster -- " 
` Five miles along a dirt track in his city shoes , can you imagine ? " 
In principle any shoe can be resoled , but track shoes are done less frequently than road , fell or cross-country shoes . 
Little Amaru looked down at the street and kicked a can with his red gumboots . 
Although to start with you can use ordinary sports shoes , in the long term it is worthwhile investing in some purpose-designed windsurfing footwear . 
Be sure to wear the correct footwear to prevent injuries to your feet , legs and back , not only because they can be acutely painful but because such injuries can take months to mend . 
Wear sturdy footwear and bring binoculars if you have them -- if not they can be hired on the day . 
Draped to form an eye-catching window treatment or a canopied bed , these gold-dotted saris are quite unique . 
Grass stains on polyester cricketing flannels can be removed with Swarfega or methylated spirits . 
For real tux deluxe you can add a spangly corset top , decorative waistcoat and a dandy cravat . 
I can remember stuff they thought too petty for Trivial Pursuit and then somedays I have to look up the instructions on my bootlaces . 
Sew a little loop of elastic inside the cuff of her sweater , which can be looped over a thumb to stop the sleeves bunching up uncomfortably when she puts her coat on . 
Clothes can make a difference -- for women a loose skirt and loose elastic in the waist of slacks or knickers are easier and quicker to manage . 
The elasticated waist and ankle adjusters mean they can be worn either track-suit-style or as ` proper " trousers when a smarter look is needed . 
The floaty , translucent , viscose jacket costs £195 ; the gathered skirt , with its lycra waistband which can be rolled up to form a strapless dress , is £169 , and the long overtop costs £105 . 
` I 've heard they are here but they can not do anything , " he said , pulling out and brandishing a pistol stuffed down his trouser waistband . 
She is especially renowned for creating a long silk jersey halter-neck evening dress , which can be worn five different ways and is easy to make because it only has one seam . 
It is best to use small flowers and leaves and create a medium-to-large monogram , otherwise the picture can quickly become an unwieldy blob . 
We know that Eworth can be associated with a long series of signed pictures bearing his monogram HE . 
A narrow matching fabric belt covers the gently elasticated waistband , and can be alternated with belts of your own for a contrasting effect . 
` I 've heard they are here but they can not do anything , " he said , pulling out and brandishing a pistol stuffed down his trouser waistband . 
The band can be knitted using tubular knitting and joined on the machine using the Passap method , as used on tubular neckbands . 
Many of these problems can be overcome given a modicum of sympathy and consideration by those in authority but , unfortunately , ignorance of these diseases and their consequences is still widespread , even among health professionals . 
However , the fact that she can ` still do a two hour ballet class -- after one hour of Keep Fit to warm up -- " and is contemplating a new career in millinery shows enviable versatility . 
I can only add that the abolition of free eye tests is the worst false economy imaginable , and could only be contemplated by such a short-sighted Government . 
I find that when I am stuck on a problem , a simple contemplation of different problem solving techniques can lead me to a new approach . 
No such illusion can survive a sober contemplation of the 7-point gap between the Tory share of the popular vote and ours . 
After much deliberation by the judges , the winners of the best-named team was ` Teenagers Under Stress " ( if any of you teenagers are reading this can you please ring in with your address so that we can send you your prizes ) and the winners of the best-dressed team were ` Five Prunes Named Joe " . 
When relations between associated groups and the bureaucracy become ` concerted " -- when group representatives participate in policy deliberations , regulation and administration -- there can be a loss of group autonomy . 
Most viewers who ponder the matter can decide -- from looking at the eyes -- which of the four sisters is married to the photographer . 
The teacher can help the children reflect by focusing the discussion or task in hand , or s/he can create opportunities for the children to consider their work for themselves . 
Two closely related plants can be joined by grafting part of one ( the scion ) on top of another ( stock or rootstock ) to produce an artificial plant with the virtues of both .
Those familiar with Safire 's editorial style , reflected in his political columns on the editorial pages of The N. Y. Times , may agree with me in the contention that when he writes about language he seems to be writing on his day off : I can not put my finger on why , but `` On Language '' always strikes me as an excruciating effort to be cute .
He is also struck by what is left unexplained when size is accounted for : animals of the same size can still show more than an order of magnitude variation in metabolic rate .
Bayoumi 's version can be challenged as well , since the mosque is close to the restaurant and Bayoumi had visited it , and the surrounding area , on multiple occasions , including twice within six weeks of February 1 . We do not know whether the lunch encounter occurred by chance or design .
As stated previously , the selection of differentially expressed genes is essentially a search for outliers , i.e. gene data lying outside some standard distribution of differences relative to a control state , and which can not be ascribed to chance or natural variabilty .
A college football association is charged with conspiring to limit the number of college games that football fans can see on television . 
Can you imagine poor old Tony and me conspiring to deflect the course of justice ? …
The decision to continue collaboration after 1918 can only be understood through the actual events of that year . 
Yet some are dangerous to our cause , and we can not brook their contumelious conspiracies against us . 
It seems that there can be no conspiracy between an employer and his employees , at least where they merely go about their employer 's business . 
Buyers can also collude to strengthen their position vis-a-vis sellers . 
Yet you still have Church and State colluding to tell young people at what age they can buy condoms and limiting access to such contraceptives in the age of AIDS . 
She clutches her can of Coke and pinpoints her collusion in what her insides scream is her kidnapping . 
Thus what may at first sight appear to be something that facilitates competition can actually be a form of legal collusion . 
This then ensures that fraud can not be committed without the collusion of at least two individuals . 
We need additional confidence that China 's statements and actions will be sufficient for us to defend a certification of that kind ... we want to be sure that we 've done all we can to obtain the maximum level of cooperation from China on this subject. [ US Department of State , Daily Press Briefing , 14 October 1997 . ]
Kids like Tommie J . , made a ward of the court because of repeated beatings by an alcoholic father ; Alice , sent to a group home to get help because of severe behavior disorders ; and John H . , a recovering alcoholic , rebuilding a relationships with his family so they can live together again .
Vascular access may increase the risk of infection but cannulas are not usually colonised by organisms originating in the gut .
However , recent double color immunohistochemistry experiments indicate that the cells in the mouse proximal efferent ductule epithelium can be separated into three types with distinct expression of ERs : ( 1 ) ER?+/ER?- , ( 2 ) ER?+/ER?+ and ( 3 ) ER?-/ER? + [ 43 ] . The authors did not provide any functional explanation of these observations .
Users can specify the color , graphical representation and placement of any feature ( both annotations and computational results ) .
We can assess this effect by examining the ANCOVA model retaining dose and hair color as the sole covariates ( replicating the procedure applied to VPA ) and examining the surviving significant relationship .
The highest grade of jet typified by that from Whitby attracts by its dense , velvety black colour and the resinous lustre which can readily be enhanced by polishing . 
This domination can be expressed by the way in which power , technology and ideology come together to produce forms of knowledge that function actively to silence people .
At our Sunday Mass , you can see how we all come together to express our silent opposition to the regime .
A feature of village life that we can not help noticing is how people come together to share their common joys and griefs .
When the groups come together , particularly at board meetings , differences are resolved in the long-term interests of the company so that it can remain profitable .
In every society human beings come together in groups and subgroups so that their social and physical environment can be modified to improve the quality of life ( in food , shelter and leisure ) .
The area patrol is different from the single patrol in that : 1- It has a vehicle equipped with a machine gun 2- It can use horses to canvass the area , but the patrol should be formed of 2 or 3 people at least
` The problem is that when a new trick appears , everyone is trying to see what advantages they can get from it . 
Gods and goddesses could appear in the form of boulders , trees , birds , snakes , or pillars , but we can be sure that an appearance in human form had the greatest emotional impact . 
He said : ` By testing an apparently healthy plant and applying the suitable remedies before symptoms of crop disease actually appear , the farmer can be well into pocket . " 
I can only conclude by saying that I am sorry the situation has developed the way it has . 
A fear of intimacy can also develop from a fear of dependency . 
Allergies to wood dust can develop in staff and consideration should be given to using dust-free sawdust and to the staff wearing masks when handling the dry bedding . 
Demand can not be measured or estimated , but demand will materialise if a suitable product and marketing mix are introduced . 
They think they can distribute pamphlets and gold and a vast army of monarchists will materialize overnight . 
Pottery finds can be interpreted to support either the imposition of an elite culture from Turkmenia or a late development of the Indus civilization .
Thirdly , if no early arrangements can be seen in the form of earthworks , cropmarks or soilmarks , can we still ascertain something of how the land was used in the past ? 
As far as I can ascertain this notation still applies to some brands of wool , but when we come to synthetics , things are a bit different . 
Observation statements can be ascertained by any observer by normal use of the senses . 
All expertise in a particular technique or on a certain topic can be gathered together in one place , and the level of collective knowledge can then be ascertained , supported and made available . 
Cases were ascertained from multiple sources , and it is doubtful that any were missed , although we can not be certain . 
Instead steps have been taken to ensure that the classes and their rights can be ascertained from the company 's public documents . 
The meso- and metathorax become more or less intimately associated to form a pterothorax and the union is often so close that the limits of those regions can only be ascertained with difficulty . 
It can be ascertained within two to four days whether or not the remedy has been correctly selected ( in acute cases within two to four hours ) because the patient after a few doses should be relieved . 
Here we shall examine how we can help students ascertain that relationship and its effect on meaning . 
Based on such information , some idea of Iran 's CW status can be ascertained .
What , then , can we conclude about the contribution that political sociology has made to understanding more clearly the main trends of political change in the twentieth century , and to influencing the course of events ? 
Even if the brain were designed so that components could be easily removed , there is the issue of what we can conclude about the functions of its components from knowing the effects of removing one of them . 
What can we conclude from all this ? 
We can conclude from Kleiman 's experiments that when our attention is divided we can recognise the meanings of individual words adequately , but that they can be combined only with difficulty . 
It can not be concluded from this , however , that the economic dependency of the elderly population has increased . 
Although the status of its offensive capability is somewhat ambiguous , one can definitely conclude that Iran has a defensive program that can be re - engineered into offensive production , if Iranian national security is threatened .
One must , of course , be cautious in drawing conclusions from only two visits to an institution , but I can perhaps summarize my general impressions . 
` We can not move directly to particular fixed ethical conclusions from either the Bible or Natural Law . " 
The generality of conclusions from well controlled experiments can often be tested by comparative studies . 
Presentations of costs of residential and fostering care and intermediate treatment which ignore these important considerations can result in unjustified conclusions about cost effectiveness . 
As you can see , I 've never had as much difficulty in coming to a conclusion about any piece of software . 
Conclusions from the Dragon Project suggest that in some cases the stone circle can act as a ` shield " from outside energies . 
Unfortunately , there is no real solution to these difficulties and again we can only leave it to the reader to arrive at his or her own conclusion on the basis of the material presented . 
It can be hoped that Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez will draw the right conclusion from his narrow election victory Sunday .
We have no choice but to deduce as much as we can about the baking of the cake from studying what happens if we miss out a constituent , alter the temperature or cooking time or whatever …
What characteristics of hierarchical structures can you deduce from studying the chart ? 
The reaction of the urban proletariat was natural ; one can not safely deduce from it any decisive change in attitude towards death and survival . 
The falsity of universal statements can be deduced from suitable singular statements . 
The exact role of cortisol is unknown , but its importance can be deduced from the observation that animals that can not produce cortisol , due to injury for instance , are very vulnerable in emergencies . 
I 'd like to emphasize that this idea that time and space should be finite without boundary is just a proposal : it can not be deduced from some other principle . 
( What would have happened at Verdun had Renault remained out of business can readily be deduced from what has already been said about the Voie Sacrée . ) 
By analogy , we can hope to deduce what must be in an animal 's head by observing what it does . 
So we can deduce what the field of vision of our globular-eyed trilobite was , by looking at the directions in which all the lenses face . 
Whatever happens , either we obtain an efficient solution or we can deduce that there are no efficient solutions . 
One can only deduce that the Eurasian and African plates began driving together at this time , with the latter dragged down beneath the rising Alpine mountains . 
What the connection is we can only hazard a guess at but it confirms all our worst suspicions about anything-core outfits once and for all . 
` Can you make any guesses about who might have done this ? " asked Jean . 
In Romanian , Serbo-Croat or Czech , I can make a guess at meanings based on my bits and pieces of Italian , Latin , German or Russian . 
In practice it may be possible to make an enlightened guess as to the origin and type of infection involved , but in very few cases can the physician be one hundred per cent sure of his diagnosis . 
One can reconstruct the original language by looking for common words and then make a guess about where the language came from . 
I mean we can say what it 's made of and we might be able to make a guess at how old it is . 
We can but guess at the extent of the use of wood or leather containers for storage , cooking , serving , eating and drinking . 
There is no limit to the distance you can guess other than the confines of the tabletop . 
I felt angry and humiliated at the time of the argument but I can guess at how he must have felt . 
However , as with all the senses , we can only guess at how other creatures perceive the world . 
On this occasion , Murphy 's skill can only be admired visually , and the real force of his audience 's response is only to be guessed at . 
Quite how wet any particular locality once was can often be guessed through detective work involving an enjoyable study of plants , place-names , and local history . 
Can you guess which colour stands for what ? 
We can not directly infer a causal effect from a statistical effect . 
You can infer an attitude only from the behaviour you see . 
Pupils can be encouraged to use a picture as evidence and to deduce and infer further things from what they see . 
We can look at the way other creatures behave and from our observations infer the senses to which they are responding , but our inferences may be misleading us . 
Furthermore , as when we infer from observed sweat the existence of pores in the skin , reason can lead us from what can be perceived to what can not . 
We can plausibly infer that crime has been increasing in the last two to three decades , presenting a problem for explanation and policy . 
It is clear that nothing can be reliably inferred from the mere fact that a word form has different meaning relations in different contexts , and independent evidence concerning ambiguity or generality is required . 
The existence of metal vases and bowls can be inferred from pottery objects which imitate metal models , sometimes even to the extent of having fake rivets and fake chain-links added . 
Hemisphere dominance for speech can be inferred from either the presence or absence of aphasia following a unilateral cerebral lesion . 
Little is known about his family , and his date of birth can be inferred only from the fact that he was apprenticed to a mercer in 1528 . 
However , once granted that one can not infer what to do from fact alone , there seems to be no flaw in the argument . 
Yet since you ` have " your body and I ` have " mine we can infer the general features of each other 's minds by observing each other 's bodily behaviour . 
Moreover , most galaxies are found in clusters , and we can similarly infer the presence of yet more dark matter in between the galaxies in these clusters by its effect on the motion of the galaxies . 
Similarly we can only make inferences about the nature of learning from observing these changes . 
The computer can give questions for the user to ask , and also draw inference from the answers . 
Such trust or distrust can only be based on an inference from personal facts about the witness and his circumstances . 
Such a graded response according to exposure can strengthen inferences of causality . 
Causal inferences are constructions built upon foundations of assumptions , and can not be more valid than the assumptions . 
You can learn a lot also from looking at photographs by good photographers . 
But you can t spend a lifetime in a shipping office without learning something about ships . 
You can learn a certain amount by reading , but the best advice comes from talking to people . 
` We will learn a lot from our Japanese colleagues and where we can benefit from Japanese methodology we will have no hesitation in adopting it . " 
The only aspect of the lessons which I can really remember was having to learn a substantial number of Euclid 's theorems on geometry . 
There 's hundreds of variations you can come up with , but one thing that influenced me was learning piano in school . 
True relaxation is something which can be learned by anyone -- although , like anything worth having , it does take a little practice . 
What can be learned by comparing one system with another ? 
Do not think that you can learn by sitting back with your feet up reading a book . 
So , what can you learn from looking so closely at the actor on stage , TV and cinema ? 
And what can we learn by a little careful zebra-watching ? 
What can other businessmen learn from his predicament ? 
Brown , thirtyish yet elderly : ` One can always learn from how it 's done elsewhere . " 
How quickly can one learn a language ? 
This kind of exercise can build up a certain caution in approaching a document , and a realisation that not everything is to be taken at face value . 
As for unemployment , arguments about the statistics can not mask the realization that the UK has a considerable unemployment in the 1980s . 
Now write as much as you can about Auntie the sort of person she was , what members of her family thought of her , what her niece realises about her at the end . 
Who William was , we can only surmise , but he certainly did not have the intellectual capabilities of his brothers and sisters . 
We can only surmise how they got there . 
One can only surmise that this arrangement was for the programming convenience of the television station which covered the matches . 
" You can stop thinking , if that means trying to find a way to steal the phetam and sell it somewhere else . 
FEW OF nature 's poisons can compete with man 's concoctions for persistent nastiness . 
At Bluff he designed a charming two-storey half-timbered building with a wide cantilevered canopy . 
These have six numbers and they 're designed so that everybody in the press , regardless of trunk access can use the numbers described . 
Once the observations are completed the parents can devise a hypothesis about what is maintaining the problem behaviour . 
They plot , they devise stratagems , they cause as much confusion as they can . 
Well , can a better system be devised ? 
Labour Members like the idea that one can formulate the blueprint in Brussels and hand it down to be followed in every corner of the Community . 
KS lesions on the face can be distressing , but can be covered with special make-up formulated for people with disfiguring birth-marks . 
Can you really imagine anyone hatching a devious plot to take over the school at his age ? " 
Plumber 's snakes can be hired , though might be a tool worth owning -- you may be able to improvise something from a length of net curtain wire with a hook at the end . 
To keep your courses level , you can buy a bricklayer 's line and pins , or you can improvise one with string and large nails . 
If you own your house or flat you can take down partition walls , improvise new ones , block up old doors and make new openings in more convenient places to improve on the space . 
Still-lifes on tables , dresser tops , window sills and mantelpieces can be improvised just as successfully as those on walls . 
As a result of your win I can buy something special for your ma . 
She and husband Tom have bought a villa a stone 's throw from the BBC 's Spanish soap set -- so they can get away from tourists at home ! 
Individual sovereign coins can also be bought separately . 
Carpets can be bought now and fitted well before Christmas with no payment before the New Year . 
Borrowing can also enhance one 's savings if the value of the asset bought with borrowed money -- for example , your house -- outstrips your loan costs . 
Offering small quantities would also give greater variety to people 's diets , a variety which they may be unable to obtain if they can only buy in quantity . 
There are several effective preparations you can buy over the counter , in the form of pleasant-tasting drinks or tablets . 
Money may be able to buy flying time , but it can not buy skill -- and it most certainly can not guarantee success in an aerobatic championship . 
1 ) Voters can `` buy '' one of two brands when they select their political agents -- a Republican brand that believes in the minimalist state and in the virtues of private markets over the vices of public action , and a Democratic brand that believes in big government and in public intervention to remedy the excesses attendant to the pursuit of private interest .
Now I can buy a soda and spend money .
Companies can purchase multiple copies of popular packages at greatly reduced prices . 
This can be purchased at any computer supply store ( it 's basically isopropyl alcohol ) , then you must activate the disk drive . 
They can purchase items individually or in any combination to suit the space available in their homes . 
I have purchased two 7cm long Osphronemus gouramis , but can find no reference to them in my books . 
This process is analogous to a buyer at an auction paying more than he can afford because he allows himself to be swept along by the bidding . 
A buyer of goods can sue the seller or a third party for conversion if he has ownership of the goods even though he has not yet got possession of them . 
SALES of sheltered housing units are falling because older people can not find buyers to purchase their existing properties . 
At p625 he stated : A vendor selling property to a purchaser can not be said to lend him the unpaid portion of the purchase price . 
( Note : this is the means whereby the contractual purchaser of an unregistered property can protect his or her priority . ) 
Before I pay a lot of money to try and get this problem sorted out , maybe you can tell me how I might be able to control this problem . 
If there is something you can not do , you can ask a friend to help or pay someone to do it for you . 
Some people just do n't want to sell and we can only pay the going rate . 
Moreover , when a lorry can drive up to 600 miles ( 960 km ) on a single tank of fuel , longhaul drivers can avoid paying British diesel taxes by filling up in France . 
If you are in hospital , your pension can still be paid to you . 
You can pay monthly or annually , the minimum payment being £15 per month , or £150 per year . 
Finally , you can apply to have your debtor made bankrupt or , if a company , to be wound up if the amount you are owed is not paid to you . 
So , if I know today , I can pay on Friday .
If I do n't know today , I can not pay Pasadena until next Thursday .
Payment can be by cheque , cash or International Money Order . 
Payment can be made by cheque , postal order or Access and Visa credit cards . 
Company employees plus a guest can get 35 per cent off the admission price to the Science Museum in London and the National Railway Museum , York . 
He has experimented successfully himself with low price hardbacks , but stresses that price can not be looked at in isolation . 
The price of a car in East Germany can be a significant proportion of a lifetime 's earnings , and the wait for the car can last a significant part of that lifetime . 
By that Mr Power means everything from advertising to warranty repairs , which can together account for about 35% of the price of an average car in America . 
Howard can hear his own voice , talking smilingly , deeply , effortlessly , about secondary education and the nature of human happiness and the price of houses . 
Since a rate of exchange measures the price of one currency in terms of another , its determination can be compared with the price of any other item . 
Ironically , they are unlikely to arise on sites zoned by local authorities for housing development : such zoning can raise the price of land to as much as 40 per cent of the cost of a house . 
Everything is sold here , from clothing to souvenirs to electronic goods , and the market is known for its street-side food stalls , where you can dine inexpensively on seafood .
Certainly , those who aim to buy when prices are low and sell when they are high can find plenty of Peps where the unit or share price now stands below its former peak . 
We can not sell the property in Kent to Mr Cooper as we had hoped and I fear that unless I go down there myself the business will languish . 
` Leaseholders wo n't hang around for 16 years in a pub , because leases can be sold on . 
Everything is sold here , from clothing to souvenirs to electronic goods , and the market is known for its street-side food stalls , where you can dine inexpensively on seafood .
Can I please , through your letters page , make a request on behalf of all vendors of second-hand equipment ? 
During beta testing , Bristol will be working with small independent software vendors willing to hand their source code over to Bristol so that it can properly babysit the whole operation . 
If you can get up early enough , you can attend the pre-dawn auction held at the vast local wholesale fish market ; otherwise , have a look at the street market that goes on later in the day .
A labour market can be defined as the area in which buyers and sellers of labour services come into contact with one another . 
The firm can treat the customer as an ordinary business investor even if he does not consent in writing unless he says otherwise ; a one-way letter is sufficient . 
But it also coincided yesterday with a pledge by Mr Egon Krenz , the party leader , that there ` can not and will not be an East Germany without a Communist Party . " 
The Government can say that increased amounts have been devoted to pensions and that their pledges have been kept . 
But Mr Clarke pledged : ` We can deliver and we will deliver . " 
By September 1989 , however , only £44 million had been pledged by industrial sponsors , and since this £44 million can be offset against tax , industry 's share is actually £26.4 million ; the Treasury has committed £140 million . 
` I can promise you that it is a young lady . " 
They can , therefore promise the moon to Scotland in the knowledge that they will never be required to deliver it . 
“ I swear to you that I did n't know anything about it … neither can my sister know , or she would n't have gone with Garry . ” 
If you can not volunteer then become a member -- information and details at the above telephone numbers . 
Their commitment to `` creativity '' can not survive adolescent illiteracy .
The offence can be committed in public or private , but the act is drafted in such a way as to exclude domestic disputes ( s.4(2) ) .
And how can he commit treason against the King of England in a foreign country , if he is not English ?
This fact was emphasised in Fletcher v. Budgen ( 1974 C.A. ) where it was held that even a buyer can commit the offence .
Trespass can therefore be committed by a person who digs a tunnel under land or who abuses the airspace .
Surely we can be warned by the horrors being perpetrated in the former Yugoslavia about the results of political , religious and ethnic intransigence .
Most such attempts , it concluded , are actually perpetrated by authorised users , and can usually be covered by existing law .
There may be a hundred crimes in the background , but it is only on this one that they can be tried . "
If they can overcome their fears , they have a chance of doing something about their mutual problem , now explicit between them .
Young people were normally allowed many opportunities to meet members of the opposite sex , and though examples can be quoted of disinheritance because parental wishes had not been met , the prime consideration in choosing a wedding partner was undoubtedly mutual love .
Can we use UCS as a common denominator for that ?
Can we agree on some common network services/model for character set handling ?
The problems of the city can be conceptualised as much in terms of service delivery and collective consumption as about a particular representation of the inner city ( see Patricke Le Gales in chapter 10 on France ) .
That is not to say , however , that their meaning can not be characterized . 
How total , he asks in a critique of totalization which Derrida would characterize as his first ` classical " formulation , can the totalization be ? 
One can ask whether Aristophanes is depicting a debate between the common sense of Strepsiades and the social representations of Socrates . 
We can go a bit further with the analysis , and look at what sort of young girl she is depicting . 
He describes his work with the chemical company as ` one of the single most soul-destroying things you can do . " 
Syria has a small nuclear program that can be described , at best , as `` elemental '' to a nuclear fuel cycle program .
The climate here can best be described as `` changeable '' and yet the sudden shifts from light to dark , sunshine to shower , are part of the city 's magic .
Elsewhere , particularly in sitcoms , older people are crudely portrayed as being either enfeebled , vague and forgetful or , at the other extreme , cantankerous battle axes . 
The entities and relationships identified in the entity-relationship model can both be represented as relations in the relational model . 
We can , therefore , define mental phenomena by saying that they are those phenomena which contain an object intentionally within themselves . 
You can , of course , define Pacifism by a reference to force , but you can not thereby save the world from the use of force … . 
But how can Sartre claim to found a general anthropology when he defines it solely in terms of his own society ? 
Relations can be defined as either parents -- anyone above the user in the family , or descendants -- anyone below the user in the family tree . 
International law can be defined as the framework of legal obligations which states view as being binding upon themselves . 
Taken alone the Pacific Ocean can be , like any other , defined in a variety of ways , depending on whether the observer is a geographer , geologist , cartographer , military strategist or fashionably up-to-date economist . 
Income is usually defined in terms of the amount of money an individual can spend over a period while leaving his or her net wealth position unaltered . 
In terms of the sociology of culture , this area can now be theoretically redefined as a study of the situations and conditions of practices ( see Chapter 4 ) . 
Training is redefined as learning , and learning can take place with or without a tutor , in training rooms , in a bureau or at home , formally or informally . 
We can treat lone parents as poor people , needing means-tested social assistance of some sort -- as we do now .
She has a strong , engaging personality and is in many ways a resilient , but sensitive child who thrives on adult attention and who can communicate her feelings and needs effectively .
If BW approval can be arranged , I would be grateful if this could be communicated to David Oldham of the Green Belt Trust , so that he can arrange the funding .
I hope I can communicate with you through the Messenger before you depart Turkey .
2- The towers should be located in a manner where they can easily communicate with one another , and totally cover the area they are guarding .
'' The best that can be said is that observation ( and we could stretch and call that consciousness , I guess ) is implicated in every phenomenon we can observe and seemingly in every phenomenon we can theorize to explain .
But I can remember my father coming back from the death bed and saying the old man was babbling about a grandson . 
` Christ , I shall be glad when we can get back to real news " he blustered . 
` No one can prove anything , " blustered O'Hara . 
` You can be a success , " he chanted to himself , ` your mind is a chisel , your will is a hammer , and life is a rock . " 
` Well , she might have been angry with him , " Adele chattered on , ` but he 's not the sort of man one can ignore , is he ? 
Gabbling a canticle as he tore loose a bundle of eerie fetishes knotted from dried ligament , Juron undogged that door . 
` But such is the new-found and disturbing power of punk that nothing can stop the disc 's runaway success , " ranted the Sunday Mirror . 
We can however shout our message from the hilltops . " 
The other man shook his head , held up his paper , and shouted out , ` Can anybody read this ? " 
" How can you lose ? " sang Petula Clark . 
When she sings something like ` Nothing Left At All " you can almost feel the sky closing in tight above you , getting so close that you could reach up with a broomstick and touch it . 
This is a good song because it not only has actions but can also be sung by two groups at the same time . 
` You do n't think we can do it , " whispered the bald man . 
` How can I ? " bleated Connelly . 
He chuckled , ` Perhaps I can make him see the error of his ways . " 
Famous voices sang them : who could forget Bing Crosby crooning ‘ We 're going well … you can be sure of Shell ! ’ ? 
` Can I give my Right Honourable Friend two big thank-yous ! " , he cried , in a tone suggesting that he would like to accompany them with two big kisses . 
` What can we do , old friend ? " cried out Kraal . 
“ If you 've just joined us , ” the commentator 's voice droned , “ there 's no score in this all important match but England can be admired for holding their own , down to ten men and against a Moroccan team that 's used to the sort of heat … ” 
` La soupe , " moaned Auguste in despair , noticing the vast canister standing unheated on the floor . 
We can compare the growth of our peas and beans , and moan about the weather . 
` You must be jokin' , Mister Mayor , " roared Jake , ` Them 's guilty , o'course , guilty as guilty can be ! 
They argue that Mrs Aquino can heal old wounds by allowing the former dictator to come home , at the same time disarming his supporters who scream that he is being done an injustice . 
He can turn his head away from the screams , the pleas , the heart-rending shouts that split the night air -- suffering human beings screeching their injustice at the outside world . 
` I ca n't do that unless I know for sure , can I ? " shrieked Felicity . 
The more a government squawks about ` individual freedoms " , ` non-intervention by the state " , ` private enterprise " , and the other great rallying calls of capital , the more certain one can be of the total control by that state of its citizens . 
` I can only weep and wail that my years of workless wandering have left me no riches to offer this holy infant ! 
` But we can not escape , " they whined . 
` Master , " he whined , ` how can I help you ? " 
These eight characteristics of Chemical Dependency are not absolute indications but giving positive answers to at least four questions can be used as a rough indicator of whether a particular individual requires further assessment . 
It has not allowed for public discussion or exchanges in which people can ask questions and receive answers from those who undertook the research . 
Some of the questions concerned frequency , so answers ranging from " Never " to " Always " were available to assertions such as " Dreams can foretell the future " . 
Whenever possible , speakers of mother tongues are available so that questions can be asked and answered . 
Here again , despite the relatively small sample , we can answer the question by looking at other libraries . 
In any case I think I can answer your questions without disturbing her . " 
We regret that we can not provide data or answer queries on articles or projects that are more than five years old . 
Then , in your own words answer the question at the top of the sheet in front of you as honestly as you can . 
A woman answered with : ` The Exhilarator , how can I help ? " 
` I can afford to , " Werner answered with a smile . 
Please hold on and we will answer your call as soon as we can . " 
But England manager Graham Taylor countered : ` I ca n't see how he can say such things without having an intimate knowledge of our game . 
Quorum counters that Apple can not assert any ownership of application source code created by ISVs . 
But the health watchdogs have countered that one person can not be expected to be on call all the time , and that person might also not be available . 
` Can we see you in both ? " she rejoined . 
` Then I 'll wish for the first and last dance tonight and as many as you can spare in between , " Harry rejoined , and was pleased to see that Cora-Beth was actually blushing . 
You can often get one of the national societies to write a rejoinder supporting your cause , which can be included in a dossier , together with notable letters and reports , for future use . 
` You can have too much of anything , " was Gay 's sage rejoinder , ` and I rather think her mother 's been overdoing this entertaining stunt . 
` I 'm sure you can , " came the quiet rejoinder . 
Afterwards , she ventured to go up to him and say that she was my sister : to which he replied kindly -- ; ` I can see that you are " . 
Katie regrets she can only reply through this page . 
We have all wished that we 'd had the perfect retort at some time , but most of us can only think of something smart about three days later . 
" All very fine , wife , " retorted the farmer , " but how can we make bread without grain ? 
Empty words , retorts Colchester Borough Council leader Steve Cawley , particularly in the wake of the toughest public spending round most authorities can remember . 
Fully compatible with all leading software , the HP LaserJet can handle even the most sophisticated word-processing packages . 
Here , works of different kinds can be shown in spiritual unity , just as in a church a fourteenth-century painting is perfectly compatible with a baroque altar . 
Such rights can only be granted if they are compatible with the Treaty . 
An animal that has previously learned that a stimulus is not correlated with other events will have learned something quite incompatible with what is true during conditioning and so negative transfer can be expected . 
Justifying IBM Corp 's move into systems integration and facilities management , Jim Cannavino says that IBM has unrivalled experience of making quite incompatible systems work together -- ` mostly our own… ` 
Approval can only be refused if the judge believes the rules are incompatible with a statutory objective and a general principle spelled out in the bill . 
Accuracy and immediacy are often incompatible objectives for the accountant and the organisation should always insist that approximations that can be acted on are infinitely preferable to historical exactitudes . 
The decision marks a significant development because it shows that national copyright law can not be used to justify conduct which is incompatible with the objectives of Article 86 . 
The views of different researchers in the field of innovation are not necessarily incompatible , that is , planning and serendipity can both be important and be intertwined . 
Yet Mannheim 's fundamental views on the problems of ideology and the sociology of knowledge can not be accepted , because of their basic lack of logical and epistemological consistency and their incompatibility with empirical facts . 
One drawback which will remain is the burner 's incompatibility with other types of resealable gas canisters . 
Only if this is done can any change be attributed to product instability or product-container incompatibility . 
UI believes desktop Unix will be successful if it ` can convince users of the the interoperability and compatibility of applications running on platforms . 
But the Debussy , wonderfully evoked in a lengthy review by Cardus , demonstrates equally well what can be achieved when music , design , and stage movement are perfectly congruent . 
It claims that individual growth can take different , nurturance- or achievement-oriented forms for women or men respectively , and offers women minimal growth programmes congruent with this division . 
However , these interests can not conflict too directly , but must appear to be consonant . 
Better informed political opinion can seek to explain how this particular proposal squared with her underlying beliefs . 
I should be interested to hear how this consciousness can square with their proposal to instigate over 100 heavy lorry journeys a day from Wensleydale to Redcar instead of one train in each direction . 
The farmer can not have known of ancient alignments , and his reconstruction did not accord with the circle 's original orientation on the southern moon . 
However , their indirect effects , such as small changes in the energy of electron orbits in atoms , can be measured and agree with the theoretical predictions to a remarkable degree of accuracy . 
With some , this view does not cohere with their other beliefs , and one can not attribute to them belief in any coherent justification of their acceptance of an obligation to obey . 
And once again there exists a pattern of decisions which are mutually consistent , so that all planned activities can be carried out without disappointment . 
Contrasting shades can enliven a room by providing an invigorating tonal counterpoint , but care needs to be taken to ensure that colours do not clash .
While colours in clothes can glitter and clash without restraint , the secret for make-up is to think of a flash of brilliance amongst the neutrals , not a complete exotic plumage .
Surprising data from the machines can still clash with big egos that want to trust to old-fashioned hunches .
Competition among retailers can be … for customers . 
On the other hand , establishing the vernacular as the main medium of government and instruction can be a way of excluding competition by outsiders for public employment . 
However , because they can not compete in two competitions , the winner or runner-up in tomorrow 's final will secure a spot in next season 's European Cup Winners ' Cup . 
Every year races , such as the London , demonstrate how disabled and able-bodied athletes can compete side-by-side in the same competition . 
`` You can have a dozen competitors stealing your secrets at the same time , '' Mr . Matchett said , adding : `` It 's a pretty good bet they wo n't get caught .''
`` I hope I can continue to play like this in my next few tournaments and hopefully I can win a few more titles coming up , '' she said .
And , while this sounds like a cliché , it 's undoubtedly true : Parcells makes his players believe they can win , so they do .
they need players and and they need a front office that that can judge players we 've traded away so many good players in the past five years and got nothing for them
There must be an independent person to whom children can complain . 
One complained in 1802 : " In the factory we can never work the hours we can at home , nor make the best of our time . 
Mihir left a previous employer who owes him two months ' wages but , fearing deportation , can not complain to the authorities . 
` How can you want Spain mixed up in such great events " , Aranda complained to the Prussian Minister , ` when she lacks all means to wage war . " 
And you know how I can gripe . " 
They also identify curves , pen-ups , dots and cross strokes , and can be applied at the single character level and for complete word analysis .
Nor is complete lexical coverage a goal that one would necessarily want to achieve since such a complete lexicon can cause problems for a recognition system .
Eventually the recovery becomes incomplete and we can see the gradual emergence of chronic disease .
Nor can an incomplete job description fulfil such requirements of good planning as those laid down by the two post-1988 Act teams on management ( DES 1989e , 1990a ) .
In the almost total absence of information there can be no interest in systematizing procedures in the manner of the Victoria Centre .
If so , can `` mere chemicals '' be signs in the full Piercean sense ?
I believe it is clear that mere chemistry in an autonomous agent can harbor symbols and signs in the full senses of the words .
Finally , the fourth set of rules , contained in sections 181 and 182 of the rules of practice , 10 applies to Postal Service requests for new services that it believes can not recover all their associated costs in the first full fiscal year of their operation .
In the near future , we can look forward to full genome sequences that span a broader ecological and phylogenetic diversity of endosymbionts and provide a richer comparative framework to test existing models and develop new ones .
Yet can not the elder referred to in the example be said to have acted morally even though he did not adhere to the sect 's fundamental principle of non-violence ? 
A receiver who fails to comply with his reporting obligations can be ordered to do so and , more importantly , he can be disqualified from acting as a receiver or manager . 
Merseyside Operations is striving to comply 100 per cent with its National Rivers Authority consent agreements — which detail what and how much C&P can discharge into water courses . 
At the same time , this adherence to the remnants of old political beliefs can add to the complication of government . 
Rigid adherence to the letter of their instructions by commissioners can only have served to obscure important aspects of the structure of landholding . 
To put this another way , we can predict what is going to happen in most of the situations in which we find ourselves because we have expectations that certain rules will be followed . 
However , ex hypothesi , the firm can not contravene s 57 because , as a member of SFA , it is an authorised person ( and so the restrictions do not apply ) . 
It was further argued that Australian citizens , like British citizens , can not bring claims against their government for violation of Australia 's international obligations . 
There is also provision for private litigation , whereby private parties can sue for three times the damages inflicted upon them by violations of the law . 
If an inspector discovers a contravention of one of the provisions of the existing legislation or a contravention of a provision of the Order he can : 
It is not a duty which can be overridden by consent of the partners and its breach by one partner will in the ordinary course be a ground for dissolution at the behest of the other or others . 
Computer misuse or security breaches can take many forms , but these all fall into two broad categories : physical and logical . 
In normal circumstances the suggestion that a contracting party can rely on his own breach to establish consideration is distinctly unattractive . 
A policeman has a power of arrest for breach of the peace , and can issue instructions in order to prevent a breach of the peace . 
Employers of sans-papiers insist their businesses can not survive unless they flout official employment codes . 
Law can prohibit or regulate activities : The citizen can obey or break the law . 
One can read off what will count as obeying an order from the order itself . 
Although these supplements , given in the correct dosage , are perfectly safe , large amounts of certain chemical types can be toxic .
` Although it was partly an ego thing , I can see that Simon probably did love me -- in his way . "
I had to tell him my age , of course , although doctors can usually tell .
I can supply some pre-printed sticky labels if you want them .
IF YOU want a friend you can count on in Washington , said Harry Truman , you had better get a dog .
We do n't have many sitters capable of milking goats but we will provide someone if we can . "
If overtime is not paid subsistence can be claimed at own base .
Accommodation can be arranged in residences or hotels if required .
If two non-terminated processes are put in parallel with one another then they can proceed independently on all actions except those which represent communication between them .
It was a cracker of a game , and if the BLI selectors can sort out their front end problems -- especially their leads -- they could well produce a title winning quartet .
Wear sturdy footwear and bring binoculars if you have them -- if not they can be hired on the day .
If Thai superstition is anything to go by , a concomitant expansion in the human population can be expected .
If we believe that it is right to push back the boundaries of middle age a few years , we can happily keep our young tastes and looks for a bit longer .
I 'd like to think I can call you at home if there 's something I need . "
One may say that , if Alexander improved the way he used himself , then anyone can do the same thing .
However , in the event you are not likely to want to do that , the embroidery usually looks delightfully spontaneous and if it does n't balance you can generally add an extra petal to help it out .
In short , I 'll be looking at how you can best protect yourself in the event of your computer going wrong .
Avoid over-spending in the first half of the year and set aside as much as you possibly can in the event of any tax demands or unexpected large financial outlays later .
In the event that the annual value figure can not be agreed between the parties under s 837(3) , it is to be determined by the General Commissioners .
The Court can also make Orders about where the child is to live and who is to see him or her in the event of a relationship breakdown .
The offer made can either involve both parties jointly admitting liability to the pursuer , or to putting the pursuer to Proof but proposing a sharing in the event that he succeeds .
In the event that we can not agree an acceptable revised fee scale then we withdraw from the sale .
And in the event that traction is lost at either end of the car , 100% of the drive power can be automatically transferred to the opposite set of wheels .
In the event that the Tender is not accepted , the defender can reconsider his position , can consult
If , as we are assuming , good professional players are available , we can take the following as safe working compasses for the various instruments :
He can either ` retire " to less active parts of the ground ( assuming he wishes to continue watching football ) or he can seek acceptance with the Town Boys .
In GCSE , assuming the existing pattern continues , we can predict that more boys than girls will be entered at the top level , and proportionally more boys will gain grade A.
Each enemy hit by a net can not attack back that turn assuming he has not already done so .
However , before the latter can happen ( assuming for the moment that it is a desirable objective ) , it would seem to me that there are at least two major obstacles that must be overcome .
But assuming for the moment that we can do better than fight over the trough , how do we do it ?
Well , that 's always supposing you can get him in the first place , because the number of people who have actually seen him , you can count on one hand . "
` Anyhow , he lives somewhere in darkest Essex , so lord knows what time I 'd get to my bed -- even supposing he can remember where he lives .
Can I opt for tuberculosis for my five-year-old daughter , even supposing my husband and I include the possibility in our life options ?
But supposing there 's no memory in which the soft voices can vibrate … "
That one conception is somehow better than a second , supposing that that can be made out , is of course not the proposition that it is our conception or one of them .
It is so simple to make that , provided you have all the ingredients , I can not imagine why anyone ever buys the ready-prepared varieties .
You can install the equipment yourself , provided you understand the principles of electrics .
In short , learning can be fun -- provided you equip yourself sensibly for the voyage of self-discovery .
There 's no place like Home , provided you can make up your mind where on earth that place is supposed to be .
However , it is perfectly feasible to calm traffic without the use of the law in quite normal streets , provided that cars can be made to travel slowly and with consideration .
Smaller animals can therefore live where there is less food , provided that it is of high energy content .
These two reasons are understandable and forgiveable ( provided you can remain in control ! )
Where none of these three situations applies , the chapter proposes that the item be measured at the expected value of its future outcomes ( provided this can be ascertained with sufficient reliability ) .
If a competitor raises his price , perhaps because of rising costs , it may be possible to hold yours steady , provided you can contain your own rising costs .
` I can relax it a bit , provided you 've got the general idea .
Staff can touch the body provided they wear disposable gloves , although they should not wash the body .
For such occasions , and provided that only local station reception is required , a simple single-stage a.m. tuner can suffice .
Algorithms based on ordering clones are an obvious avenue to persue here , provided the clones can be treated as intervals rather than points .
These troublesome parasites , which now thrive throughout the year in centrally-heated homes provided that the humidity level is not too low , can bite people as well as dogs and cats .
Bargains are available provided you can be sure that the animals come from good stock and have been kept in good condition .
Once issued , bonuses can not be withdrawn by Clerical Medical regardless of future economic conditions and provided the policy is maintained in full force until the end of the term .
As long as you can get round , you do n't have to be brilliant . "
As long as you can fit in a piece of florist 's foam , it can hold flowers !
` As long as we can continue to keep her away from your brother . "
` Doing English is terribly useful for a writer as long as you can get rid of the inhibitions from reading other people 's wonderful work .
I think competitions can be fun as long as you do n't take them at all seriously .
` Just as long as I can spread a little happiness at whatever cost to my dignity , I will not have lived in vain .
A tan is healthy only as long as you give your skin adequate protection from damaging rays and in the mountains the sun can be particularly strong .
I said , ` If you want somewhere to use , you can use my flat , just as long as there 's only one of you in there at a time . "
South Tees branch spokeswoman Bridget Drury said : ` Any young person aged eight to 14 , living in the South Tees area can join Smokebusters North East as long as they are a non-smoker . "
As long as there is a strong and unrestrained demand from those who can afford to leave the cities , the countryside will remain under threat .
As long as you can show that they owed you a legal duty to be careful and have been negligent , damages could come your way .
If you have a sudden urge to do something -- as long as it can not harm you or others -- act on it !
As long as proper written accounts are maintained , everyone can be paid back when the band begins to make money .
The vertical ramp will be made to the same dimensions as Southsea 's , as long as they can come up with the money to make it .
` As long as you have all these lords and ladies lodged at the top of the heap , no one else can break through except those they allow in .
` If they 're easy trousers , I can do maybe 30 pairs a day , as long as I start at eight in the morning and finish at eight at night .
` As long as I 'm with you , I can face anything , " she said simply .
As Canguilhem says , ` the efficacy of the psychologist … lacks a firm foundation as long as it can not be proved to derive from the application of a science ( 1980 : 37 ) .
Anything can happen , as long as the rules of the magic are adhered to .
We can live with them being gorgeous , as long as they do n't get too full of themselves .
Doors of the hatch can be hinged or sliding , or even a lift-down flap , as long as it 's got adequate support .
But if there 's something you want done as long as it 's legal and within reason , we can probably do it . "
So your diagram will get very messy , it does n't have to all fit together , as long as you can get all the main points of what 's happening .
` We can play together -- as long as we play as friends . "
Unlike wood dyes , varnish stains can be applied to previously coated surfaces , as long as they are clean and free from wax or grease .
You can substitute any name you like in place of PENGUIN , as long as it has eight letters or less , but do choose something safe .
One can possible understand his attitude when skippers like Rod Davis were saying publicly before the event : ` It does n't matter who wins as long as it is n't Chris Dickson . "
Failing , as he would say , is not important , ` just as long as you 've done everything you possibly can to avoid it " .
But what if you can only afford a garden shed ?
` What if , " said Alistair , ` what if there 's somebody passing who can take her to the hospital ? "
Kids like Tommie J . , made a ward of the court because of repeated beatings by an alcoholic father ; Alice , sent to a group home to get help because of severe behavior disorders ; and John H . , a recovering alcoholic , rebuilding a relationships with his family so they can live together again .
Children misbehave when they are discouraged and believe they can not succeed by useful means .
Against this background of a bustling , potentially violent and effectively unpoliced street life , we can point to a wide variety of other kinds of rowdyism and misbehaviour at this time in history .
By the same token it is usually middle-class men who ultimately are in the position to make substantial gifts , although when women can behave in this way , they do .
Learning theory says that people behave in the way they do because of their past learning experiences , and that learning can be organised and planned to produce and eliminate particular behaviours .
The only answer I can think is that some enterprising editor believed that , with ET all the rage after Star Wars , the time was ripe for a study of how Earthlings behave when aliens land .
There are important questions in relation to housing policy concerning the extent to which a free market can operate and the extent to which public housing authorities should act as if they were private business concerns .
Marathon training , I figured , would somehow steel me against the chance the lingering cancer inside me would act up again , before a cure can be found .
2- The towers should be located in a manner where they can easily communicate with one another , and totally cover the area they are guarding .
Yet , the benefits of reciprocity can accrue beyond the project 's conclusion .
Allowance trading provides incentives for energy conservation and technology innovation that can both lower the cost of compliance and yield pollution prevention benefits .
, and is your argument that we find and hold against their retrospective because there is some , at least plausible basis should so argument , to say that there can be a causal connection between the retrospective extension and some benefit that can be traced to those particular works through the retrospective extension , like dissemination ? Is
Further analysis is needed of the benefits of the current system relative to the benefits of an alternative system , and of whether some of the benefits of an alternative system can be obtained by making adjustments to the current system .
Cupboard doors were flying , the trash can in the kitchen walked a few feet , the dogs came running , and I scooted them into the dog run and stood in the doorway myself , watching the outside trash cans dance across the concrete .
There are restaurants and a Starbuck's in the basement , and you can access the raised pedestrian crosswalk from the escalators on the ground floor .
yeah there there there is a vast variety here of you know trees like if i look out my window right now i can see you know couple of pine trees some oak trees
When the flap valve is open , gas particles can pass from the left to the right box via the window , or from the right to the left box via the window .
` Ribbons and felt , for example , do n't cost much and can add colour and warmth to a room . " 
The print head can move vertically up or down so that a pin can contact any one of the three pads of the printer ribbon . 
Just for that you can start again , from the moment you climbed up the mooring rope . " 
The chain for ringing the bell runs down the house , through the first floor landing , where it can be pulled if desired , to the hall below . 
But in reality you can always break the chain at a number of points by buying in . 
The book can then be pressed until adhesive has completely dried 
ENGINEERING experts are confident they can replace vital bolts in Teesside 's famous Transporter Bridge . 
A bolt thrower is a powerful weapon which can hurl its bolt through several ranks of troops , piercing each warrior in turn . 
The distance between the first and fourth bump should be 100 meters , and the distance between the fourth and the sixth should be 50 meters , so cars can not travel fast in the direction of the building 5- Barbed Wires : They should be placed around the building , around the walls , or on top of the walls 6- Nails Obstacle : These are placed at the main gate in order to puncture the tires of any car crashing in
They can be basted more easily directly along the front edge of the board with steel tacks , provided the tacks are covered with braid , but then it can not be removed . 
The numerals refer to the maximum stapling capacity of the tool : ie 10mm wide staples up to 14mm in length can be used . 
You can apply strips of felt or building paper from inside the lift , secured with battens to the sides of the rafters or use a staple gun or brass drawing pins to secure it . 
I can read and I can write but I ca n't tie a shoelace 
The distance between the first and fourth bump should be 100 meters , and the distance between the fourth and the sixth should be 50 meters , so cars can not travel fast in the direction of the building 5- Barbed Wires : They should be placed around the building , around the walls , or on top of the walls 6- Nails Obstacle : These are placed at the main gate in order to puncture the tires of any car crashing in
The effects of diarrhoeal disease can be conquered with one of the simplest and cheapest natural remedies known to science .
` As far as I can see , Jerry should capture Arras the day after tomorrow , in which case the Americans can stay at home .
You can reach us -- and we can reach you -- by mail , telephone , fax or in person . 
Counsellors are reached by telephone and face-to-face meetings can be quickly arranged if wanted . 
When the thing starts playing up , the customer calls the HP SupportPack phone number listed on the package and if the problem can not be resolved over the phone , a replacement product is shipped overnight . 
Should you have questions or if I can be of assistance in any way , please call me : 317.923.1331 , ext. 248 .
` It has taken me all this time to get to the position where I can call people up on the phone go out to dinner or to the cinema .
You can phone a preliminary report to my office tomorrow … ’ 
They 'll phone tomorrow to talk about times when you can view . 
If you have forgotten anything , you can always phone whoever has a key to your house or is looking after it for you . 
Villagers can phone them to make arrangements on 0420 84272 . 
You can phone Derek at 535174 or write to him at 9 O'Donoghue Street , Inchicore , Dublin 8 . 
Any parent who is worried their child may have been in contact with the doctor can still phone the hospital for advice . 
And you can phone Dr Kathleen Long now on oh-five-hundred , four-oh-four , treble zero . 
You can phone Doctor Kathleen Long with your questions on 0500 404 000 . 
She hesitated , then she asked , ` The jeep -- can I phone the garage about getting it fixed ? " 
Further information , including a colour brochure , can be obtained by phoning Judith Lister on 0925 710414 . 
She hesitated , then she asked , ` The jeep -- can I phone the garage about getting it fixed ? " 
You can phone now on o-five-hundred , four-o-four , treble zero to put your views to Tory MP Phil Gallie . 
Housewife Vanessa MacMahon , 38 , whose three-year-old daughter Katharine has leukaemia , said : ` You can phone Katharine 's doctor at any time with any problem and she is only too glad to help . 
Yes but I remember , I can remember Edith phoning me and , and saying , you know she was going away , you know is , you know could I go down ? 
I can ring him at the London office on Monday morning . 
If you have any queries , you can ring me on 453-3366 . 
Within Switzerland you can also telephone 162 for a weather forecast .
Alternatively you can telephone our Customer Relations Department on 0742 528788 .
` Hello , Stoddard Templeton , can I help " -- This is how Phyllis McQMcQuire answers the many telephone calls from customers enquiring about fabrics at Sekers , Whitehaven factory . 
She picked up the bag that held the can of red spray paint and left the living room in silence . 
Trouble flared when two boys grabbed a can of soft drink from a fellow male pupil at Wimbledon station , south London . 
At just £5.99 the Blitzer costs less than a can of airbrush propellant ! 
I had to go round with a can of milk ! 
He drinks from his can and looks at me over the top of it . 
The Mayor with a local school girl , handing her empty cans over to Alcan mascot , Ali Can . 
He saw Donald standing over him , a can of beans in his hand . 
Little Amaru looked down at the street and kicked a can with his red gumboots . 
Barefoot , she padded into her cramped kitchen and took a can of Coke from the refrigerator . 
DIY man Chris McGrath got the brush-off … when he tried to board a bus carrying a can of paint . 
I opened a can of Heinz tomato soup , the ultimate comfort food , emptied it into a bowl and put it in the microwave . 
Fred opens a can of beer , switches on the TV , groans as he slumps over the sofa and looks at the paint peeling off the ceiling . 
Throw away the can immediately or leave it until she had put his glass by the newspaper ? 
Cupboard doors were flying , the trash can in the kitchen walked a few feet , the dogs came running , and I scooted them into the dog run and stood in the doorway myself , watching the outside trash cans dance across the concrete .
By law I can search your cart if I want . 
If you are lucky enough to have full length cupboards in the hallway , they can easily be reorganized to take china , cutlery , glass and linen and maybe even a trolley or serving cart . 
You can either put in a slug trap , which is a jar filled with beer and partly buried in the compost , or slug pellets . 
Glass bottles and jars can be recycled very easily , provided the three colours are kept separate . 
Can you go up and get me a vest or a towel or something from my locker ? 
` Yer can , " said Miss Angus , lifting the heavy silver pot with a shaky hand and slopping some into a cup . 
Of all the changes in the last two generations , only the great reservoirs of water for the industrial cities of the North and Midlands have added anything to the scene that one can contemplate without pain . 
Data is available , however , for the reef and carbonate mudstone reservoirs and examples of these can be found in southern Denmark ( Clark and Tallbacka 1980 ) . 
Of all the changes in the last two generations , only the great reservoirs of water for the industrial cities of the North and Midlands have added anything to the scene that one can contemplate without pain . 
At times of low demand , electricity can be used to pump water from a low reservoir to a high reservoir . 
But the company insists there will still be a need to build the reservoir and that they would do all they can to minimise the impact it makes on the surrounding countryside when that happens . 
You can take a ferryboat through the harbor , past the ingenious Plover Cove reservoir , a water catchment area appropriated by damming and draining a broad inlet from the sea .
For a horse in a yard , hessian sacks , large balls , a soft football , a length of hose , and plastic buckets and plastic garbage bins and lids , can all provide entertainment . 
I can see the mixing-bowl and wooden spoon . 
We finished our soup and swilled out the mess tins with water from the jerry-can . 
It can distinguish between a tin full of water and one that is empty , between rock and flesh . 
Plastic bags can choke animals and broken bottles can cut them . 
They can take one of the following forms : 1- Steel pipes : Insert 4 inch pipes in the ground at 50 centimeters apart and a height of one meter then fill them with cement 2- Barrels : They are filled with cement and place around the building , especially at the entrance to prevent cars from crashing into it 3- Ditches : They are better than road bumps because they are harder to see .
Instead of giving your mum chocolates ( or cake as they did in those days ) , you could treat her to a special melon basket , which can be prepared the day before . 
Approximate measurements of the enthalpy change for reactions in solution can be made using a simple calorimeter such as a polystyrene beaker . 
A soup bowl with a flared rim can help prevent spillages . 
` I can tell , " said Leonora , removing their soup bowls . 
They can no longer be just a box filled with gaming tables , restaurants , and a showroom .
In The Godfather , Don Corleone says : ` A lawyer with a briefcase can rob more money in a week than a man with a gun can take in a year . " 
Five policemen were taken to hospital after a lorry overturned while carrying canisters of the chemical phenylacetonitrile near Scotswood Bridge , Newcastle upon Tyne . 
The aircraft were still dropping the canisters as we came near to the dropping zone . 
A simple solution is to use an old film canister and carry just a few hooks leaving the open box at home out of harm 's way . 
A mixture of kerosene , petrol and heavy fuel oil was pumped from the shore through pipes , and ignited underwater by canisters of calcium phosphorus . 
The Russian threw the canister at the creature , pushed Delaney into the inspection hatch , and climbed in after him . 
Detectives believe that Elizabeth managed to grab the canister , but it was wrenched from her grasp . 
The tritium produced is held within the aluminium and released as gas after heating and then stored in metal canisters . 
Police , who found petrol canisters nearby , suspect that the fire was the result of an arson attack on an Afro-Caribbean hairdressers situated on the ground floor . 
Deborah was protesting at having a canister of gas hung beneath the seat of her wheelchair . 
And the seams of the canister are only designed to withstand a certain amount of pressure . 
Above the warehouse was the storeroom where there were shelves holding brightly coloured tin canisters decorated with Indian and Chinese letters . 
Having made the appointment with the stranger , he asks casually : ` And do you think you could bring a canister of demerara sugar with you ? " 
Later firemen tackling the blaze were in danger from exploding canisters of acetylene and propane . 
Fire crews tackling the blaze were hampered by exploding gas canisters . 
The Protec filters which can be built up by modules , feature brushes , foam cartridges and flocor . 
So that the searcher can go directly to whatever shelf or filing case is appropriate , the number may have to be complex . 
Many manufacturers wo n't allow you to remove the machine 's case without automatically voiding your warranty : some go so far as to put seals over the case so they can tell if you 've opened it . 
Children can often help to refill drinking containers for their pets , and bird baths . 
The practice is dubious anyway as larger containers of detergent can become contaminated by certain bacteria , often pseudomonads , and act as reservoirs of infection or spoilage . 
A word of warning : do n't use metal containers or sprayers because they can corrode . 
At the end of each evening there will a special prize draw in which you can win Good Food Club annual memberships , cheeseboards , Zanussi cool bags and storage containers and Tupperware cheese graters . 
If required , the rootstock can be removed and stored in a container of damp soil or mud , covering it from frost . 
Special aquarium coolers are available and beer coolers can be adopted . 
Even the crucibles or pots in which the steel was made were produced here , and the pot shop can still be seen . 
` No need to worry about me , I can take care of myself , " Penny said , reaching nervously for a paper cup of wine . 
The oxygen and air cylinders were covered and a three way tap attached to the nasal cannulas . 
Rolled up , admittedly , but those things can be opened and inflated from their gas cylinders in seconds . 
Cylinders of gas can be connected to the spile hole to keep a blanket of applied CO 2 on the beer . 
As well as seeing how whisky is made , visitors to the Glenfiddich Distillery can see coopers making oak casks . 
Hand soap dispensers can also be used to dispense certain less viscous types of barrier cream . 
You can also use your Cashline card to withdraw cash from cash dispensers in some European countries . 
You do n't have to use ready-made cable lengths ; ; you can buy a drum of thin Ethernet cable ( RG-58/50Ohm ) at about 50p per metre , and make up your own cable lengths . 
You do n't have to use ready-made cable lengths ; ; you can buy a drum of thin Ethernet cable ( RG-58/50Ohm ) at about 50p per metre , and make up your own cable lengths . 
In the centre of each courtyard were large earthenware water jugs which sweated gently in the breeze under the shade of thatched canopies . 
Baste them pheasants , Sally , and Mr Hawkins can tap the keg of porter . " 
If can recall to this day a book I had for review years and years ago in which the hero swaggered into a smart London nightclub , ordered a magnum of champagne and drank it down . 
The success of JS in this area was recognised at the ` Britain Can Make It " exhibition when , in the Printing and Packaging Section , our coffee berries and semolina packs were selected as outstanding examples . 
He kicked over a candelabra , upset a tureen of soup , then leaped from the last table to land with a crash in Lord John 's path . 
On an incline , all the pots and canisters and the huge stew cauldron would slide down the wagon and crowd him into a corner . 
You can conveniently carry around relatively large tools like hammers , screwdrivers and chisels , and there is also a steel tape-measure clip , two leather loops , a nail pouch and three smaller pouches . 
An indoor vivarium needs to be supplied with fresh water but also areas of dry land with plenty of cover , and the main problem is hygiene : in high humidity , bacterial disease can break out . 
Some liquid fuel stoves can be carried with fuel already in the tank , usually enough for a weekend . 
Wooden planters can be made to order . 
Every type of brick , tile and chimney pot can be found along with wrought iron gates , lead covered domes , window frames . 
We can have crazy paving , with those stone pots that have flowers poking out of holes . 
` She must sit on the pot until it cool so the vapour can come up her inside , " the thin woman commanded . 
Children can plant sunflower seeds in pots indoors and then transfer them to the garden in early summer . 
Parsley seedlings can be grown in terracotta pots and placed on a patio , or they can be planted outside . 
Daffodils can also be grown in tubs or pots for earlier blooming . 
This species can be planted in pots with a loam and sand mixture which can then be embedded in the gravel . 
It can be planted in a pot , and embedded in the gravel . 
Smaller pots can be planted with single specimens to flower for months , or to be concealed and moved into place as they approach their best . 
Chemical weapon projectiles contain a blasting tube which can be seen in an X-ray .
At the Temple 's dedication , Solomon addressed his God : `` ... the Heavens , even the Heaven of the Heavens , can not contain Thee ; how much less this House that I have built ? ''
The display can be further extended by incorporating 2 large photo panels : again this depends on the size of the venue .
It follows from what I have said that in my view the outcome of this appeal depends upon whether or not the court can look at Parliamentary material .
Yet depending upon what A is , the phrase in question can be used to assert the numerical identity of a particular or the qualitative identity of a species .
It also depends on whether or not I can tell you what you want to know .
Depending on when you make your purchases , you can enjoy up to 56 days interest-free credit .
One can do that if one can identify excessive profits , wage levels which depend on restricting access to labour markets and gross inefficiency in the running of government enterprises .
It can take up to 30 days , dependant on temperature for a biological filter to become established .
These estimates could be somewhat accelerated or easily delayed dependent upon a host of international and domestic factors that can not be accurately predicted .
This increased temperature dependence can not be explained merely by additional carbon conduction , as graphite conduction is nearly independent of temperature .
This case , in effect , turns on whether the family proceedings court can keep the power of review over a care order by making directions in relation to the care order .
As often happens , the match can hinge on the form of the kickers , in this case Webb and Botha , their nations ' respective points record-holders .
One can , for example , read all the exchanges to date without knowing what either writer means by the word `` God . ''
However , despite association of the factor V G1691A ( factor V Leiden ) and prothrombin ( factor II ) G20210A mutations with venous thromboembolism and myocardial infarction [ 10 11 ] , neither mutation is strongly associated with risk of stroke [ 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 ] . Although a study of British adults found elevated levels of serum homocysteine to be associated with an increased risk of stroke [ 19 ] , a case-control study of a common polymorphism ( methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase [ MTHFR ] T677C ) that results in increased serum homocysteine concentrations found no difference between patients with stroke and controls in either genotype or allele frequency [ 20 ] . Because antiplatelet agents with different mechanisms of action can bring about significant reductions in stroke risk , several platelet receptor genes have been tested as candidate stroke susceptibility genes [ 21 22 ] . To date , however , no compelling evidence for an association between any platelet receptor gene polymorphism and risk of stroke has been found .
Vestiges of the British colonial legacy can still be found , not least in the fact that English is Jamaica 's official language : the popularity of cricket is another example .
In the long run , however , dictionary reviews probably serve no function : in the face of the relatively overwhelming funds at the disposal of some publishers to promote their books , reviews fail to dissuade people from buying bad dictionaries ; such a small percentage of the dictionary-buying public attend to reviews that their effect is slight even when favourable ; finally , the value of a dictionary to an individual can be tested only over long use , which even the wisest reviewer can not anticipate .
` His plea of guilty is the only means by which he can express his contrition today and acknowledging it must be a lengthy prison sentence which he now faces . " 
I can only commend myself to God , repenting my sins . 
Not surprisingly this can lead to a great deal of guilt and remorse at the thought of things left unsaid , or perhaps an argument that had taken place just before the person left the house , never to return . 
Lying close by his side in the carved and canopied bed , her head on his chest , she whispered , ` I 'm so sorry about the ring . 
Then , if you feel tired or experience any withdrawal symptoms , you can go off to rest without any guilty feelings of having let others down . 
The user can scroll to those entries that do not appear on the first page by selecting the " Next " button on the left bottom frame in the output window and use the " Previous " button in the same frame to move toward the first page , as necessary .
The alphabetical / numerical order for any attribute can be reversed ( z - > a , high number - > low number ) by checking the box in the " R " ( or reverse ) column to the right of the Sort buttons .
Unlike a normal congregation they can reach out a hand , twirl a knob and obliterate the message .
Having convinced yourself that you can safely find the ` hold '' switch and abort an autorotation landing , you should beware of making a habit of this .
One can say quite as truly in this way , of course , that ( 2 ) if the switch is flipped , the wipers will not start .
It can not be emphasised too strongly that our unemployment problems do not stem from the installation of such equipment .
She emphasised that everything becomes collectable in time , particularly when its history and date of manufacture can be authenticated .
The Joint IED Neutralizer , built by a private contractor in Arizona , can be driven in front of a military convoy or operated separately to clear roadways of homemade bombs .
THEY can cook up anything from spaghetti to a suckling pig , cater for Charter Balls to Russian banquets . 
The chefs of Brighton & Hove 's excellent restaurants can whip up a piquant sauce every bit as good as George IV 's French cooks . 
Some larger stores sell special tins of all the numbers so you can bake a cake in the shape of your child 's age . 
This caning had its effect for the whole class knew that Miss Smith would stand no nonsense and it stamped her authority . 
A FORMER public school boy yesterday won £8,000 damages for a caning he received nine years ago . 
` The caning this boy received would be treated as child abuse in any other context , " said Peter Newell of End Physical Punishment of Children . 
What of heroic exploits during armed service or the caning of school children ? 
It 's in rosy contrast to crises great and small that have piled up over the past 18 months , from Singapore 's caning of an American teenager to feuds with China and trade clashes with Japan .
The caning of American teen-ager Michael Fay for vandalizing cars brought international attention to a form of corporal punishment that many human rights and medical organizations consider a form of torture .
On Thursday , the home minister was quoted as saying that the government is also considering caning of illegal immigrants .
Nearly a year after the caning of an American teen-ager in Singapore , U.S. state lawmakers are considering offering the paddle instead of prison to juvenile offenders .
In Tennessee , two Republican legislators proposed punishing vandals and burglars by public caning on courthouse steps .
Mr Devine could face up to 300 lashes for the offence , his MP says that can not be allowed to happen . 
Mr Devine could face up to 300 lashes for the offence , his MP says that can not be allowed to happen . 
I think ( I can not remember the number ) that it must have been at least 20 lashes he received and I felt every one of them . 
They can also tell us the correct name of a city .
It can be hoped that Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez will draw the right conclusion from his narrow election victory Sunday .
Purged of prejudice , our language can be used ` conscientiously " to disseminate ` accurate " information .
At the same time , the senior nurse in the team can learn the importance of planning and organisation , and the need to give clear and accurate instructions about patient care .
Tectonic activity can significantly control river patterns and behavior , and this is especially true of alluvial rivers .
Is it true that cannibals do n't eat clowns because they taste funny ?
True , one can find different from , etc. , in an entry so headed , but for absolute constructions one is referred to an entry called `` Covered with onions , relish , and ketchup , I ate a hotdog at the ball-park . ''
A particular feature of methylene decarbonisers is that they can be used safely on aluminium , copper , brass and other metals normally badly corroded by alkalis . 
It is usually possible to follow the plot without understanding every word in the story and you can choose stories on video which have a strong visual contribution to the storyline . 
In the approach of the ` no meaning " theist , as I have outlined it above , we can now observe a pursuit of religious certainty that undermines faith . 
ABOVE With a furlong to run the favourite Honey End is still in hot pursuit of Foinavon , but the shock result can not now be averted . 
`` Generally , as an attorney you can make a lot more headway if you 're cross-examining a hostile witness than you can if you 're putting the witness on yourself , '' he said .
The individual artisans ' shops are no longer here , but you can visit a silk - weaving factory , a ceramics plant , and the Foshan Folk Art Studio , where you can observe workers making Chinese lanterns , carving sculptures , painting scrolls , and cutting intricate designs in paper .
Room sizes are usually provided on the particulars , and a better sketch can be drawn at home .
This part of the subtle body can be photographed by a high voltage technique called Kirlian photography .
Further enhancement of detail can be obtained from these surfaces by photographing them with Kodalith® or equivalent high-contrast orthochromatic line film .
The individual artisans ' shops are no longer here , but you can visit a silk - weaving factory , a ceramics plant , and the Foshan Folk Art Studio , where you can observe workers making Chinese lanterns , carving sculptures , painting scrolls , and cutting intricate designs in paper .
DesignaKnit can create stitch patterns from PCX files with up to 16 colours or shades of grey .
Alternatively , you can use the form designer to create your own form from scratch .
These differences can be provided for if the teacher creates a classroom environment rich in supplementary books , tapes , cassettes , and so on .
Ants can create a structured society without being possessed , individually , of very much by way of brain . 
We have tried to create a centre which first meets the needs of the city , but which can also assume a national role . 
The resulting analysis can set bounds on the uncertainties , while producing a range of estimates of the country 's capabilities .
At Goodwill , it is the hard work of staff and those who benefit from our services that produces the kind of inspiring results I see every day : A Goodwill staff member addresses a group of welfare recipients : `` You can earn the money to support yourself and your family , '' she says .
The lower levels get hotter and hotter and store energy which can be used to generate power .
The quantity of laundry generated in large psychiatric units can present problems .
For the families and individuals this means that they depend for their electricity on what they can generate for themselves , grow much of their own food and recycle their own wastes .
The scheme yields only a theoretical solution , from which the number of patterns can be obtained .
But also important is the information which a given topic can yield on neighbourhood norms and on general social and background information of value to the researchers .
At Monterrey , publisher Luis Gabriel Cano , although shaken by the murders , issued a statement saying : `` We will not cease our fight against drug trafficking .
The effects of unemployment can not be alleviated wholly by unemployment benefit . 
Many conditions associated with old age can be treated and alleviated , if not cured . 
What about the ones it reopens , he reflected bitterly , the old memories that , long dormant , it gratuitously stirs up until nostalgia becomes a pain that no balm can alleviate ? 
` There 's a man down by the docks who claims he can cure illness without medicine . 
You can not cure yourself . 
I do n't want to suggest that social problems can be cured by the application of wealth . 
By a visit to a doctor , a psychiatrist , or even through a programme of counselling and guidance , mental illnesses can be cured , and almost always are . 
The modern monarch is not a figure , which is to be unquestioningly revered , and who with a magical touch can cure scrofula ( Bloch , 1973 ) . 
All forms of early syphilis can be completely cured , and some of the later manifestations can be markedly improved , or , at least , the progression of the disease can be arrested . 
The treatment can be used indoors and outside , curing and preventing both wet and dry rot , and wood-worm attacks . 
` There must be some reality that can heal the fragmentation of the world . " 
They argue that Mrs Aquino can heal old wounds by allowing the former dictator to come home , at the same time disarming his supporters who scream that he is being done an injustice . 
When the mind is quiet of course the body is quiet and whatever illness you have can be healed more easily . " 
" We can break our bones and heal ourselves straight away , " whispered the little bird . 
Leyhill is proud of its record in helping to rehabilitate former criminals … and thanks to a spell of gardening , many inmates can look forward to a brighter future … their light fingers turned into green fingers …
Water bodies affected by acidification can be rehabilitated , he said , but never recover the diversity of wildlife they once harboured . 
We know that we can use human tissue from aborted foetuses to treat Parkinson " s disease and probably Alzheimer 's . 
In the process of treating chronic disease , the patient often experiences a recurrence of old symptoms , and this can be distressing for a time . 
` No doctor can be required to treat a child , whether by the court in the exercise of its wardship jurisdiction , by the parents , by the child or anyone else . 
If there is any infestation at all , you can be certain that there is more undetected , and that treatment by a specialist firm will be essential . 
This response is one of the pitfalls of self-treatment , but it can occur just as readily -- if not more so -- with treatment by fringe practitioners who use ineffective methods of diagnosis . 
One and a half million people are going without treatment for a bone disease which can cause severe pain and deformity . 
They are all more aggressive than treatment with laser and carry a higher risk of complications and only cryotherapy can be performed without general anaesthesia . 
Most skin cancers are completely curable , but some can be fatal . 
On the other hand , aphids can infect raspberries with incurable virus diseases , and blackcurrant reversion is spread by big-bud mites . 
Just inhaling the thick stench down here can fill a person with incurable disease . 
Golden Orfe are very sensitive to the addition of certain disease remedies , and all of the Orfe in a pond can easily be lost following careless treatment . 
For example , cutting a strong onion can produce runny nose , sore throat and stinging eyes , so a homoeopathic remedy made from onion is given to a patient with a cold and bad throat . 
But everyone agrees that it can be a useful therapeutic tool , easing the pain of dental treatment or curing diseases involving powerful but little-understood psychosomatic interactions , such as warts . 
Aromatherapy ( massage with fragrant essential oils ) is not only sybaritic experience but can ease tension , improve circulation and release accumulated tensions . 
Tension in the hands and feet can be eased by alternately stretching and clenching fingers and toes half a dozen times . 
Muscle stiffness and general fatigue can be eased by Arnica . 
If it can be , and if by so doing , the patient would be able to enjoy a further period of life without increased discomfort , then the cure or palliative measure should be adopted . 
A few patients in surgical wards are found to have inoperable conditions or conditions for which only palliative surgery can be performed . 
People with AIDS or HIV infection can expect progress in therapy against HIV and the conditions found in AIDS -- anti-viral drugs like Zidovudine are in use . 
Such altered viruses can transduce non-replicating cells , including differentiated epithelial cells of the respiratory tract and elsewhere , and this has made them the chosen vectors for genetic therapy of cystic fibrosis . 
You can keep them and your art therapy . 
` She has play therapy at Moston Lodge and she can paint little pictures . 
Therapeutic practice can not , so it is argued , itself be used to verify the claims of psychoanalytic theories , as is often claimed by analysts . 
Therapeutic help for children is often delayed by the court process and court appearances can increase the trauma to the child and the length of therapeutic treatment subsequently needed . 
So , while regression can not be claimed to be the be-all and end-all of therapeutic treatment , it is certainly an important stage . 
A judo class ( see page 121 ) is the perfect place : the teacher can come to your aid and even resuscitate you if things go wrong .
The episodes can happen at any time and nurses at the Countess of Chester Hospital , where she is a patient , have a matter of minutes to resuscitate Leah through a tube inserted into her neck .
1 ) Voters can `` buy '' one of two brands when they select their political agents -- a Republican brand that believes in the minimalist state and in the virtues of private markets over the vices of public action , and a Democratic brand that believes in big government and in public intervention to remedy the excesses attendant to the pursuit of private interest .
` Well , we ca n't ruin an age-old custom for the sake of an absent mistress , can we ? " she interrupted as she untwined her legs and stood up to face him . 
` Children will be the special target if you start with them you can build in good habits for later life . " 
Structuralism is revolutionary because it can be adopted only as an alternative and not as an addition to traditional academic habits . 
You can turn day into night and night into day-this would make it much easier for you to study their feeding habits . 
Even more exciting changes of éaulement can be found in Ashton 's Birthday Offering where each soloist dances an old step at a new angle , without breaking the rules or older conventions of nineteenth-century ballet . 
They can either follow customary practice and offer cash buyers a discount or charge the credit card buyer a surcharge . 
Witchcraft thus can not be easily applied to circumvent or violate customary norms of behaviour . 
Gandalf had said much earlier that ` Already you too , Frodo , can not easily let it go , nor will to damage it .
The story was inspired by a small milk-can which was dented and had a bent handle .
Perhaps we can now hazard an attempt at defining ` a good reader " . 
What on earth the referee had done to incur such mindless , moronic abuse , one can only hazard a guess . 
People who can never dare to move close because of the inevitable withdrawal afterwards may experience little sexual desire . 
If the law can do nothing we must take the risk ourselves . "
He can hardly bring himself to turn away , and sneaks back for another fix whenever he gets the chance .
uh-huh well the best thing about it is that you can uh try something if you do n't like it shoot move on to something else that 's the way i 've uh looked at the whole thing here i 'll take a chance if i do n't like it i 'll go someplace else do something different
We were reminded that weather which suits ducks well enough can be more than cruel to other species when we found a dead bird on the path as we turned for home . 
Where the dead person had a bank account , the bill can be submitted to the bank . 
I shall stay alive until I can catch him . 
Chemical warfare ( CW ) agents are non-living , manufactured chemicals that are highly toxic and can enter the body through the lungs or the skin .
Somehow , there 's a creepy crawling suspicion that John Henry Williams , the troubled offspring and only son produced by Teddy Ballgame , thinks his pop can be , in fact , the greatest hitter who lived forever .
But the fact is neither man can live forever .
There 's remarkably little people can do even if they want to live as long as possible , he says .
We can cure diseases , immortalize cells , and theoretically live forever without the nasty old moral problem of " harvesting " fetuses .
The falling leaf inaugurates The reign of her confusion ; The pounding wave reverberates The dirge of her illusion ; And home , where passion lived and died , Becomes a place where she can hide , While all the town and harbor side Vibrate with her seclusion .
It 's an often miserable profession , that pays nowhere near enough , shatters your faith in human nature and can sometimes put your life in mortal danger .
Please my dear beloved , our plans now are to relocate from Ghana since we can not afford to go back to Liberia following our past experience as they killed our parents , but we will need to move out the fund left by my late father here in Ghana .
Once you agree to help us move this fund , we will link you up with our late father 's lawyer who endorsed his signatures during the day my father was depositing the fund so that he can brief you more better .
But he does n't know that I have hide the documents in a safe place outside the house where he can not find them based on my late father 's advice on his sick bed before his death .
Perhaps I 'll die from natural causes before I can do any mischief . 
The current government must recognise that it can not continue to go down the line of an individualist anxiety- ridden state , of competitive individuals where the poor and disabled are left to starve on city streets . 
Babies can drown in an inch or two of water , so do n't leave them alone in a bath -- even in a safety chair -- paddling pool , or with a large bowl of water . 
How that responsibility is best discharged can be decided only by the person concerned .
An examination of changes in personal staffing decisions in the Senate between 1986 and 1987 ( when control of that body changed party hands ) , moreover , reveals that the personal staffing differences noted in the table can not be attributed to the disproportionate control Democrats exercise , due to their majority-party status , over other resources such as committee staff .
It can not be ruled out that other strains of C. psittaci might lack the cycle , whereas some strains of C. trachomatis or C. pneumoniae not yet sequenced might possess it .
3 ) 2 SO-water mixtures can not be ruled out on a priori grounds .
If his aim was to prevent a nuclear confrontation between Pakistan and India , then `` the same purpose would obviously be achieved by allowing Pakistan to conduct the tests so that the principle of mutual nuclear deterrence would automatically come into force and nuclear confrontation can be ruled out for ever . ''
However , alternative explanations can not be ruled out at this time .
Thus , role of partial methylation in down-regulating MGMT can not be ruled out .
It can not be ruled out that some of the scenarios we classify as independent fusions in reality reflect the existence of an ancestral fused gene and subsequent multiple , independent fissions .
Although Slc5a7 , Nrif-2 , Srd5a1 , and Hsd17b3 are promising candidates to underlie these two QTLs , a significant number of altered genes were also identified that can not formally be ruled out at this time , either in place of , or in addition to , these three genes .
Consequently , he is continually having to hold on to a sense of humility while he listens to other people , otherwise he can too easily defend himself by taking up a judgemental posture .
When we defend ourselves too rigidly against threatening aspects of change we can precipitate the very situations we seek to avert .
The surface of the ocean has become a very dangerous place without air defenses , such as carrier-based fighters that can prevent hostile aircraft or vessels from approaching close enough to launch their deadly missiles .
Targeting of PP1 to the nucleus is due in part to a PP1 - associated nuclear targeting subunit ( PNUTS ; [ 27 ] ) . To further investigate the properties of inducible PP1? , we performed coprecipitation studies to determine if PNUTS can also be found associated with 6His - HA - PP1? .
There has been a great deal of cant in the past 30 years to the effect that Dior 's era forced helpless women into a posture of submission with its fussily constructed garments , cumbersome skirts , cinched waists , and rigid hairstyles , crippling their feet in high heels and imprisoning their hands in white gloves .
Heavy machinery : Machines can range widely from bandsaws to bottling plants . 
Everything is sold here , from clothing to souvenirs to electronic goods , and the market is known for its street-side food stalls , where you can dine inexpensively on seafood .
Physical disability makes shopping difficult , and sometimes forces the elderly to rely entirely on the good but fairly limited range of foods that can be delivered to their door by the milkman .
Moreover mail delivery can not be guaranteed .
` I can be free only to the extent that others are forbidden to profit from their physical , economic , or other superiority to the detriment of my liberty . "
An agent can not be prohibited from taking further instructions from the principal , and a principal can not be prevented from giving instructions to the agent .
We are prohibited from mentioning the manufacturer 's name/model in the ` National Press " -- however , we can state that the list price of this slimline , state-of-the-art handportable cellphone is £1,695 !
They should not export them without first getting permission from the importer and making sure that the receiving country can dispose of them properly .
Although the fictional Inspector Morse freely wanders the cloisters , technically police can not enter college grounds without permission from the master .
Why your father ever sanctioned making it comfortable for you , I can not imagine , because all you ever do in it is idle .
However , they can not depart too far from it ; men can be swayed by beliefs , but not too far . 
There are certain spells that can prevent the life departing from a body , be it never so abused , and -- I see by your face that understanding dawns ? " 
I hope I can communicate with you through the Messenger before you depart Turkey .
DEATH can do wonders for record sales - - Freddie Mercury 's departure alone is reckoned to have put several percentage points on total British sales last Christmas . 
Whatever disappears beneath the surface can no longer be seen . 
" We can now see a reason for the disappearance of Garcia 's household .
From the ferry terminals on Hong Kong Island you can escape to islands without cars or cares , where the local people smile `` hello '' and , if you 're lucky , point you to a secret beach for the ultimate in quality leisure time .
` I 'm going to send Marler to Finland to nose around and see if he can find out where the missing men have vanished to . 
Yachts arriving with passengers , or those crew who will be leaving the Canaries by air , must visit the immigration office in the port authority building within the port compound . 
` But more young people leave home around Christmas as the pressure of not having money to spend can become too much of a strain . 
He leaves with us -- and you can stay in this bloody office block if you like . " 
I want to leave by about ten tomorrow so I 'll get on to a garage first thing in the morning and hope they can fix my car straight away . " 
But I can say that John Aldridge will not be leaving here for under £1million . ’ 
It is important to select individuals who can be selective in identifying the areas that warrant their attention and who then persevere until satisfied .
Can the likely outcome of some of the policies we have examined be justified by calculation ?
A lax attitude to accident prevention can not be justified by the perennial excuses of financial hardships and pressure from high work-loads .
It has been their job to see that local councils do not spend money on activities which can not be justified by statute .
Theological arguments can justify and indeed increasingly require the ordination of women to the priesthood .
that there are some searches the war on drugs can not justify . ``
Superb build quality and a good specification are bonus points and 100,000 miles or more can be expected from well-maintained examples . 
A photograph is no substitute for the original rug , and items that look superb in reproduction can be extremely disappointing when viewed in the flesh . 
All the bikes we hire are in excellent condition , and we can offer smaller cycles for children . 
Detailed costing can make the difference between an excellent idea and a ruinous one . 
We 've lined up a host of money-saving family days out at Britain 's fabulous theme parks -- and you can cash in . 
It leaves hair in fabulous condition , with no perm odour and you can even wash your hair the same day , without affecting curl formation . 
Damien and a companion of his choice can now head off for a fabulous hero 's weekend in London . 
I know of a very nice hotel in Seabourne where we can enjoy a fabulous meal and afterwards take a romantic stroll by the sea in the moonlight . " 
Though no-one can deny that Sybase 's recent figures are fabulous , Informix is doing well , too , and Oracle is still several times as large . 
We have three more games to go before I can relax and set about re-negotiating my pitiful contracts at the club and the DSS . 
On the coast the weather is fantastic with day after day of hot sunshine , in the mountains however the air cools quickly and until the end of June you can still find snow on the mountain tops . 
With a bit of conversion and a lick of paint , some of these old houses can be splendid to live in , lots of room to breathe , not like a modern box . 
There is a wealth of beautiful fabrics that you can use as backgrounds to pressed bouquets , ranging from wonderful silks to antique pieces of lace . 
` After that they can start over again which would be a wonderful way to start the year . 
Of course Jamaica has its palm - lined beaches and almost endless rum drinks , and you can enjoy a wonderful resort - based break .
It can be terrible for the donor if the patient dies -- the donor can feel they 're a failure which is completely wrong . 
How can something so mean cast a shadow over your own magnificent efforts as actors of a Guild Mystery ? 
` Then may I have an undertaking that if I can manage to put on a show , a stupendous show -- I promise you it will be -- may I then retire from the post ? 
Whatever the motives behind the truly stupendous achievements in the field of religious building by people of all races and creeds throughout the centuries , there can be no doubt that those motives must be extremely powerful . 
There is also a weekly local market where the most marvellous local cheeses and wines can be bought . 
A nice discussion of the phenomenon can be found in Martin Gardner 's marvellous book , The Ambidextrous Universe . 
Customers can benefit from expert advice given by friendly staff , plus there is a super selection of plants and high-quality furniture . 
This handsome son of the Derby winner Shirley Heights looked a first-rate prospect when cantering home at Haydock . 
Nevertheless , for softer tones and individual colours an electronic instrument can be most effective , particularly in a large building with good resonance . 
And I do n't think you can do that , I think we 've got too many good players which proved second half ; the passion was super second half . 
Such parental behaviour can have a very good effect on a child . 
` I had worked out what I thought was a good routine for him and had his personal stunt man run through the scene for him , " said Cannutt . 
An excellent evening meal was had by all , dispelling the myth that you can not eat good food in the UK . 
Good health and safety management is beneficial of employers and employees alike , so the message has to be : think of what you do now -- can you do more ? 
A good idea is to attach stickers announcing when the last change was made : otherwise , you can be running a clapped-out tube at the very time it 's most needed . 
The TSB claims it will offer better and cheaper financial services than can be bought over the counter in TSB branches . 
Much of it , of course , using the standards of top newspapers , can not be used since it is largely gossip we are repeating , although it certainly could make for some very good stories .
But he insisted the international community can do a much better job in helping Iraq deal with its economic and health problems .
They can take one of the following forms : 1- Steel pipes : Insert 4 inch pipes in the ground at 50 centimeters apart and a height of one meter then fill them with cement 2- Barrels : They are filled with cement and place around the building , especially at the entrance to prevent cars from crashing into it 3- Ditches : They are better than road bumps because they are harder to see .
Leitenberg , who has worked on arms control and chemical and biological weapons issues for 40 years , told UPI that `` a best case scenario '' might kill most of the inhabitants of a subway car , but added `` every calculation ( one can make about casualties ) relies on a whole series of assumptions . ''
The situation can get much worse . 
You can lose money pretty fast by bad investment . " 
Now , when things got too bad , she would say to herself , ` I can go to Aunt Violet . " 
You can not become a bad player overnight in terms of technique but undoubtedly you can become so mentally -- if you start doubting yourself , for example . 
A common complaint among cancer patients is that the treatment can seem worse than the disease . 
To guard against bad group decisions , we can all watch for the characteristics given above . 
The smallest detail can often be the difference between a good and a bad picture . 
Pre-flash wo n't make a bad picture good , but you can now expose your bad picture well . 
` But we can not give them cash limits because we have no idea how bad the weather is going to be in the winter or what particular type of ` flu might be coming along . 
It makes matters worse that the Secretary of State for Education and Science can not even understand that . 
The worst to paint are insecure people , either outwardly or inwardly , ` you can feel that they are uncomfortable with themselves " . 
We can afford decent housing , education and health-care for everyone . 
` Damn it , I can afford to give you a decent meal . " 
Very little has been discovered of the gates , although their sites can be predicted with tolerable certainty . 
If you can make a bad orchestra tolerable , that is valuable . 
But the other way this particular Friday can be called ` good " is by reading back into it the astounding outcome on the day after the Sabbath -- the 1st day of the new week . 
We have been very good at burnished shellac finish and we can now add a brighter spirited-off shellac finish to enhance our fine pieces of blonde furniture . 
The Government seem to think , " If we can keep inflation down , everything will be fine and we will be electorally popular . " 
Beauty without cruelty has produced a booklet that proves you can look great whatever your age . 
In addition , we will have soft drinks and a raffle , so that you can walk home with a great prize !
Lucky attendees can go home with a great prize .
A great title can be nobly direct ( Nabokov 's Speak , Memory ; Jack Paar 's I Kid You Not ) , bitterly cryptic ( Josef von Sternberg 's Fun in a Chinese Laundry ; Adolf Loos ' Nevertheless ) , or too clever by half ( Roman by Polanski ) .
The discovery of colourants , flavour enhancers and emulsifiers has unfortunately meant that processed and ready made food can contain ingredients of substandard quality and nutritional value . 
Unfitness , substandard amenities and under- or over-occupancy can all indicate ` bad " housing , but in social terms location and accessibility are paramount . 
It 's also a lot harder to be a rhythm player than it is a solo player , because anyone can make their fingers move really fast and play shitty solos . 
Monica and her baby are living in one shitty room , with no place she can cook or anything . 
You can have two good tubes that are matched , or two shitty tubes that are matched , and if you happen to get the shitty ones , that 's tough shit . 
Does this imply that inferior performance can be expected in these structures ? 
Although tummy trouble , of ` Montezuma 's Revenge " , is almost guaranteed with a trip to Mexico , the top-notch hotels in Cancun boast water-cleansing facilities and sterilised food . 
Occasional hurricanes can spoil the idyllic climate and contribute to this `` laid back '' attitude : Jamaicans are aware that circumstances can suddenly alter dramatically and yet life will always carry on .
All current mouse RI sets are small , and consequently the most common criticisms leveled at QTL mapping with RI strains is that the precision and power are poor and that only those QTLs with unusually large effects can be detected reliably .
The papers have shed little light on how poor weather can impede various missions . ''
Boards should be positioned in storage so that air can circulate freely around both main faces .
The distance between the first and fourth bump should be 100 meters , and the distance between the fourth and the sixth should be 50 meters , so cars can not travel fast in the direction of the building 5- Barbed Wires : They should be placed around the building , around the walls , or on top of the walls 6- Nails Obstacle : These are placed at the main gate in order to puncture the tires of any car crashing in
2- The towers should be located in a manner where they can easily communicate with one another , and totally cover the area they are guarding .
The area patrol is different from the single patrol in that : 1- It has a vehicle equipped with a machine gun 2- It can use horses to canvass the area , but the patrol should be formed of 2 or 3 people at least
Well , I do n't want your sympathy , and I do n't want you as a sister -- I already have more than I can handle in that department , thank you . " 
` When you choose love , Charity , you can have everything you want . 
We need additional confidence that China 's statements and actions will be sufficient for us to defend a certification of that kind ... we want to be sure that we 've done all we can to obtain the maximum level of cooperation from China on this subject. [ US Department of State , Daily Press Briefing , 14 October 1997 . ]
Hamyan Vahdati , who is said to be heading Iran 's nuclear program , says that no country can be taken seriously without a nuclear research program , and that Iran wants to have the technology and knowledge to make nuclear weapons in case it needs them ( 7284 ) .
I desire you to ask your good father if he can procure me a joiner or two and one or two masons . 
By altering the brain 's ability to absorb these chemicals , researchers believe they can reduce cravings and binges in women who have intense food desires . 
I can only describe it as naked lust . 
The prohibitions on incest , cannibalism and the lust for killing are examples of such basic renunciations that all civilizations have had since the primal horde phase . 
Now Sainsbury 's can satisfy your child 's hunger for knowledge . 
It can not be understood without reference to the growing land hunger and militancy of millions of peasants . 
Surely I can not be like the old murmuring Israelites , to long after the onions and garlic of Egypt when they had suffered there such heavy bondage ? 
Neither lexicographers nor political theorists can or should hope to halt this process of constant revision , although they may legitimately aspire to guide or nudge it in one direction rather than another . 
Joe Reilley and Paul Holmes , the band 's songwriting partnership , tackle pop head-on , aspiring to make you feel what pure pop can : elusive warmth and some sort of prefabricated goodness . 
We can aspire to a higher consciousness . 
` Perhaps I can rely upon the Merkuts , for they can not yet aspire to the throne . 
Twenty-seven year old Nigel Short can now aspire to becoming Britain 's first chess millionaire . 
We can see in this Nietzsche 's aspirations towards a total philosophy of life . 
And success , we want success , crave for success , we go for success , but you can be very stressed by directly doing it . 
It can be hoped that Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez will draw the right conclusion from his narrow election victory Sunday .
I hope I can communicate with you through the Messenger before you depart Turkey .
I hope Patti can help you soon .
It is Joan and Ted 's hope that even now someone may know something that can solve Brian 's murder . 
The war can not even realise Washington 's ambition to be recognised as the world 's only superpower and global policeman .
My one ambition is to make you as completely happy as I can .
` By the New Year I 'll be raring to go and can tell the manager ` Look , I need a game " .
Well you look as if you 're raring to go and show us what you can do , so I 'll give you a push up and away you go .
He repeatedly calls on his followers to embrace martyrdom since `` the walls of oppression and humiliation can not be demolished except in a rain of bullets . ''
A sidebar notes that controversy remains over the Mars meteorite that crashed into Antarctica about 11,000 years ago : While scientists have demolished most of the evidence that the meteorite contained living creatures , they can not explain why the meteorite contains a molecule that on Earth is only produced by biological processes .
For the first time we can differentiate the local atomic order around sodium from that surrounding calcium and from the atomic environment of silicon . 
The text then makes the most of the grindingly obvious point that the London Docklands can be differentiated from every other place , because they are in London . 
That 's how you can differentiate one sample of putty from another . "  
Potentially it can accommodate variations in pupils ' affective responses and can enable the observer to differentiate between ` Hawthorne "  effects and more permanent phenomena . 
The result of this casual attitude is a grey area where the two signs are not clearly differentiated graphically and can in fact become synonymous . 
If the baby looks more at the new patterns , it indicates that he/she can discriminate them from the original . 
An Atlantic bottlenose dolphin can discriminate circles , squares and triangles ( all of the same standardized area ) , using only its sonar . 
Each represents a calculated angle which can be discriminated by a subject with normal vision at a specific distance ( 60 , 36 , 24,12 , 9 , or 6 metres from the chart ) . 
This is why the perception of a complex painting or piece of music can be elaborated in ever greater detail as more and more elements come to be discriminated . 
So also does the linguistic complexity of the variable as characterized by the number of variants which can be discriminated . 
Thus , we can see that we can distinguish three main classes in contemporary capitalist society . 
Philosophers of all kinds continually look to thinkers from previous times for inspiration and argument , and schools can often be distinguished by which predecessors they read and discuss . 
They can also be distinguished by their almost globular shape and the long protruding remnant of the style sticking out on top . 
The categories ` restricted "  and ` full "  realisation of potential can not be so clearly distinguished . 
The pupil can name , draw or sort 2-D shapes . 
The data can also be sorted by university , and journal , to show differences in publication patterns . 
` Maybe he does n't know a squeeze play from a loud foul , but once he senses he 's being got at he can be a vicious SOB . "
` It can be quite difficult for some people to give up meat suddenly and Quorn is an easy product to use -- it 's also very healthy . " 
The analyst is then forced on the defensive , explaining why new features can not be included because they are technically difficult or prohibitively expensive . 
Looking for tourist highlights in Montepulciano can prove difficult . 
Running a national business as complicated as a railway network is in all circumstances a daunting task , but the challenge is even more difficult when the government of the day can effectively veto any major decision . 
In general , it can often be difficult for us to be sure just what is going on in supposed examples of communication . 
Dogs which have lived in kennels for a long time can be particularly difficult to house-train successfully , although this is helped by the fact that they will only defecate about twice a day . 
If the wind can be trusted to stay in much the same direction , safe parking is an easy matter . 
No , there are n't any easy solutions but expressing your feelings can help greatly . 
Nevertheless , good books on archaeology assimilable by laymen are not easy to find , and if the reader can tolerate its shortcomings and is not overly concerned about the precise birthplace of Indo -European , Archaelogy & Language provides an interesting march through the millennia of prehistory in seven-league boots .
'' There are no easy answers '' is itself an easy answer -- if you can get away with it .
However , she believed that it is also important to use resources to reach as many people as possible and that systems currently exist that , once refined , can be fairly easy to implement .
As someone who has written Feydeauesque farce , I can tell you that it 's no easy feat .
Needless to say , people are anxious to buy shares when they know they can sell them seconds later for an easy profit .
Hillary Rodham Clinton told a Senate panel in 1993 that savings in Medicare were easy because `` we have too many examples now of how it can be done better at lower costs with the same or better quality , and that 's what we 're counting on . ''
Nevertheless , good books on archaeology assimilable by laymen are not easy to find , and if the reader can tolerate its shortcomings and is not overly concerned about the precise birthplace of Indo -European , Archaelogy & Language provides an interesting march through the millennia of prehistory in seven-league boots .
It would be easy to dismiss these explanations as being nonsense , but you 'll understand India better if you can appreciate that what each guide is saying may in its own way be true .
The City center can seem at first like a maze of tiny streets and canals with no overall plan ; however , in some ways it works very much like the plan of a spider 's web and once you understand the structure of the town plan , it is relatively easy to get around .
Like most superstars , they can be temperamental , capricious , and hard to direct . 
It is hard for us to communicate back to a horse with body language , but we can simulate some of the horse 's actions . 
They can take one of the following forms : 1- Steel pipes : Insert 4 inch pipes in the ground at 50 centimeters apart and a height of one meter then fill them with cement 2- Barrels : They are filled with cement and place around the building , especially at the entrance to prevent cars from crashing into it 3- Ditches : They are better than road bumps because they are harder to see .
At Goodwill , it is the hard work of staff and those who benefit from our services that produces the kind of inspiring results I see every day : A Goodwill staff member addresses a group of welfare recipients : `` You can earn the money to support yourself and your family , '' she says .
I can see he made it tough for you . "
Fixing a curtain rail to the top of a window surround can be a rather tricky business . 
It can be rather tricky to install correctly , but once up and running , it 's a straightforward' serious image editor . 
This can be a very tricky area as most people are self.conscious in front of the camera . 
Changing a light bulb can be very tricky , especially if a two-way switch makes it difficult to tell whether the light is switched on or off . 
Using chemicals can be a tricky business , especially when it comes to working out how much to use . 
Dado and picture rails can be tricky to remove without seriously damaging the plaster -- it all depends on whether they were fixed in place before the walls were plastered or afterwards . 
But making the transition from user to supplier can be tricky . 
Some of the incidents can be tricky . 
Closing the interview can be eased by using less challenging questions . 
It is a challenging subject to study , but it is also one in which great intellectual satisfaction can be derived through the mastery of its various ideas . 
The surrounding countryside is quite lovely and you can take a pleasant amble along the river or a more challenging hike along the South Downs Way , which passes nearby . 
This has to be achieved without adversely affecting design quality , a task that can prove quite challenging . 
Dispel notions of lethargic ponies plodding nose to tail , only speeding up on the way back to the stables : trail riding can be both challenging and exciting . 
Their natural ability to infiltrate woods and move quickly through dense undergrowth means that they can accomplish tasks which would be impossible to Men .
The point can be illustrated by means of a trivial example . 
The fact that the game itself is trivial , and , of course , in most ways it is , does not mean that it can not inflict real pain . 
Getting all this into the tank in the 20 minutes it takes a 50mm ( 2in ) diameter pipe to fill the tank can be physically arduous . 
The first uses large , two metres tall puppets which can be easily seen by large audiences . 
It 's a comfortable car to drive , assisted by power steering , and while leg-room in the back is just about adequate the low roof can prove irritating for tall rear seat passengers . 
Bilbainos refer to the museum as the `` artichoke , '' which comes close to describing it , if you can imagine a gleaming , metallic artichoke more than two hundred feet high .
The initial spreading was in the intestines and was about 3cm wide which apparently is the smallest tumour you can have . 
They can travel easily in silty water only a metre or so deep , and as the waters recede they can remember the way back to the river bed along deep channels . 
The third idea is simpler : a tin-can 28 metres long and 7 metres across ( 92 feet by 23 feet ) , to be launched in one shot with all its cargo on board . 
The theatre was estimated to measure about 10 feet in height , 15 in breadth , and 20 in length ( can these measurements be correct -- classes sometimes numbered 70 or more students ? ) . 
The breadth of some of these banks is so great that they can not be attributed to marine erosion at low sea levels corresponding with glacial periods : the Nazareth bank near the Maldive Islands is about 350 km ( 220 miles ) long and reaches a maximum breadth of about 100 km ( 60 miles ) and lies almost uniformly at a depth of about 60 m ( 200 ft ) . 
At about 50 km depth , as you can see from Figure 6.3 , the wave speeds suddenly increase . 
Vessels can be accepted of 140m length and 7.4m draught . 
15 A rectangle has a length of 10 cm and a perimeter of 30 cm Can you work out the width of the rectangle ?
For the particular boundary conditions imposed by clamping one end cosh ml. cosh ml = -1 , where l is the length of the cantilever .
Apart from checking the length make sure you can do the hood up fully without pulling the bag tightly over your feet -- check for width at the knees , hips and shoulders in particular . 
` We can , however , determine its width . " 
Five different brush types can be selected and each of these can be in any width from 2 pixels to 32 pixels in steps of two . 
The width of the drum can be 1 metre or greater . 
They can take one of the following forms : 1- Steel pipes : Insert 4 inch pipes in the ground at 50 centimeters apart and a height of one meter then fill them with cement 2- Barrels : They are filled with cement and place around the building , especially at the entrance to prevent cars from crashing into it 3- Ditches : They are better than road bumps because they are harder to see .
It turns out that the work that must be done , hence the energy utilized , equals the work that can later be extracted from the system after the fast and slow particles are separated into the two boxes .
A tectonic interpretation is favored because a local rise of base level can not be involved .
From the monastery , hikers enjoy the two - hour cross-country trek down to Silvermine Bay , but the authorities have warned walkers to be on the lookout for snakes , which can be plentiful in the Lantau hinterland , especially in summer .
It is a low rising hill above the waters of a loch and on it centre powers that only eagles of peace and truth can fully feel
Bright Eyes : you can keep shampoo out of babies ' eyes by smearing a line of Vaseline just above their eyebrows .
They can go upstairs to the first floor , almost directly above this passage ; in this case they walk up a gentle incline and arrive at the west door leading from location 54 .
The children 's room is below mine and I can see clothes strung from the ceiling , shoes flung beneath the bed , blankets cast aside .
One of the old stations , complete with platform , can still be seen east of Newhaven Road Bridge .
At Broomy Hill , one mile west of the city centre , is the Herefordshire Waterworks Museum , where the processes involved in a public water supply in Victorian times can be seen .
The Government are keen to have a constructive debate on housing policy when they can , but it is a pity when it can not be based on proper acknowledgement of the facts . 
It also sought to initiate a debate on how we can start regenerating the north of England and develop a more balanced nation . 
WACC 's Forum Programme should do all it can to facilitate the debate and draw practical and , if possible , legal conclusions . 
By doing so , I hope to show that the dialogue between believers and non-believers in God can proceed only on the basis of certain common assumptions . 
On the other hand , there are those on both sides whom I would label ` meaning " theists and ` meaning " atheists , between whom a dialogue about God 's existence can take place . 
How can we use classroom dialogue to promote genuine learning and understanding ? 
Once you have sold an idea to an editor you can then discuss how much material you will supply and how much the magazine will want to write or photograph for itself . 
` Then they can discuss a bid for funding with Welsh Office officials , " said Mr Jones . 
My colleagues and I look forward to discussing with you ways in which together we can help your organisation fulfil that role during the decade ahead . 
Later , when you feel strong enough , we can discuss your future . 
The only person you can discuss work with is your direct commander ( Amir ) , unless you are asked to do otherwise or if your work demands participation of others , and then through guidance of the leadership .
Can you carry on your domestic discussion tonight, yes? 
Can you carry on your domestic discussion tonight , yes ?
Some exchange about holidays , even the weather , sets the scene ; then the interview can begin . 
If two firms arrange a merger on the basis of meetings between their two senior partners , then its success can be heavily dependent on luck . 
Addressing a meeting at a neighborhood center , a Goodwill staff member tells the audience how Goodwill can help them find and keep jobs .
Specifically , China reportedly has renewed negotiations on the construction of a graphite production facility , agreed to supply Iran with specialty steel , including the transfer of titanium - stabilized duplex steel , that can be used in the development of weapons of mass destruction .
`` If the cartel succeeds in blackmailing the Colombian authorities into negotiations , the cartel will be in control and Fidel can exploit his past relationships with them , '' he told the Journal 's David Asman recently .
Dr _Gupto : On the other hand to be able to outline and do the thing that were talked about today to basically completely revamp the public health system so that local officials can talk to state officials that can talk to federal officials to be able to pinpoint exactly when a cluster of bird flu happens that takes probably a lot more money and a and a really a complete revamping of our public health systems .
At Grosmont you can alight from the Esk Valley Line and join the North Yorkshire Moors Railway .
IT IS disgraceful that Euro MPs can draw up to £40,000 a year in expenses .
Worse , it has sought to pose , in shameful surrender to the prevalent cant and humbug of the age , as the champion of that most detestable concept , the ` classless society " .
Not only is the end product more valuable than slurry or FYM , but it can be spread much thinner ( 7 or 8 tons to the acre as opposed to 15 tons of FYM ) . 
As another option , on completion of cleaning , part or all of the solution can be allowed to discharge onto the floor and be spread with squeegees or mops to effect floor cleaning . 
• Fruit that 's sharp can be sweetened up with artificial sweetener or sprinkle cinnamon on grapefruit instead of sugar . 
Individual brain cells are electrically active , producing the characteristic impulses known as ` action potentials " which can be detected by fine probes placed near to the nerve cells or their axons .
But if signature guitars are a window into the psyches of the guitarists concerned , then what can we learn about Captain Kirk ?
The distinctive features of a political system can be recognized by comparing that system with another or , better still , with many others .
The radical simplification of forms which characterizes the painting can be accounted for by the fact that this was one of the first canvases in which Braque attempted to work from memory .
Most gardeners are aware of the galaxy of spring-flowering bulbs and corms , but less well-known are the many treasures that can adorn gardens in summer and autumn . 
Every Scottish town has a local pub owned by an ex-footballer , where the die-hards can drink in the company of former heroes and where old programmes and framed football strips decorate the walls . 
Relax deeply , then imagine yourself curled up inside a dark cocoon , which envelops you so closely that you can barely breathe . 
Provided the stress on the web is applied gradually -- as here , with tiny droplets slowly filling the sheet -- a surprising amount of water can be retained . 
Some of these synapses are on the shafts of the dendrites , others are attached to the tiny spines which stud the dendritic surface and which can be seen in Figure 10.6 . 
The Anglo-Egyptian Sudan was a vast country , some 1300 miles from north to south and 900 from east to west , inhabited by a great diversity of tribes and races , ranging from camel-owning nomads in the north to naked pagans in the equatorial swamps of the south , and former cannibals in the forests bordering the Congo .
The best that can be said is that to appeal to such a wide diversity of patrons he clearly possessed some very rare talent indeed .
Diane White will explain how Zanussi 's range of combination ovens , cookers , microwaves and fridges can make light work of Christmas cooking .
A reward ` menu " is simply a list of interchangeable rewards which can be used to provide a varied diet to maintain interest .
Look after yourself by eating a balanced and varied diet of protein , dairy products and fresh fruit and vegetables , getting enough rest and cutting out the things that can harm your baby .
Clearly no government can legislate for such a wide array of circumstances , let alone attempt to enforce such legislation .
You can see if you look across the array of some of the BBC 's productions : Caroline Pick , who is now running Forty Minutes , for example .
Moreover you can have heterogeneous networks of different processors all running co-operatively .
A large and heterogeneous collection of organisms are grouped in the Protozoa , including all those animals that can lead an autonomous existence as a single cell .
There is nothing upon which we can apply for a warrant .
I have presented the papers I handed to them and they are very much Pleased with the paper 's I presented but the only thing that is still Keeping me here is the airport delivery Tag which is not placed on the Boxes , one of the Airport Authority has advise that we get the Delivery tag so that I can exit the airport immediately and make my Delivery successful .
Much of the land has been leased back to farmers , and visitors can enjoy the wonderful beaches , although you ll need some form of photo ID to gain access to them .
Nor can you dodge these attacks by approaching obliquely . 
Too busy counting up the dollars deposited for them in numbered bank accounts -- the Bahamas , Switzerland , any place where they can dodge the tax man . 
They are emotionally strong : but can it be right , they wonder , to be so strong ?
It would be difficult genuinely to sustain this argument in its crudest form but a more serious case can be made that , for other reasons , the British are culturally resistant to fascism and to neo-fascism .
` Can that be the frock you put on this morning ? " 
You can drop in on Keith while I go round and see people .
` The appeal of Caran d'Ache Neocolor II lies for me in combining the exciting possibilities of using the crayons dry as a direct drawing method , or as a painting medium , when they can be dipped into water , finely sprayed for a diffused image , or washed over with a brush -- releasing a full flow of colour and texture . ''
I find it very difficult when you have a journalist round , and you will perhaps cooperate as much as you can with an interview , and then sometimes they 'll go and dip their pen in acid and write really horrid things .
Available in blue , black and red ink , it can be used in all writing situations , but is especially effective when carbon copies are required or when a very clear , precision line is needed . 
While there are a number of on-screen drawing programs which allow the creation and manipulation of an image but they can not be used to copy a picture from a sheet of paper . 
Master locksmiths can make duplicates of most keys -- including those for cars , safes , padlocks , etc . 
These genes are duplicated along with the chromosomes at each cell division and can be passed down from parents to their offspring . 
The other way is that it can be duplicated into a new DNA strand . 
However , once printed text has been photocopied a few times , or faxed , or degraded in some other way , the characters can become similarly indistinct . 
The only problem that I can see is that fact that many books can not be taken home and that many sources can not be photocopied . 
When a large number of copies of the same document or form are required , they can be duplicated or photocopied from a master copy . 
Can anyone photocopy the last 6/7 season stats and mail them onto me please . 
They form spontaneously in the waters of our planet without the elaborate ` machinery " that DNA needs ; and they develop flaws spontaneously , some of which can be replicated in subsequent layers of crystal . 
To reproduce them by traditional means has required a special camera which can reduce the photograph to the required size and , at the same time , convert it into a pattern of dots--a process called halftone screening . 
These organisations are ready and willing to accept your work and reproduce it to a significantly higher quality that you can achieve with a page printer such as Apple 's LaserWriter or even AM Varityper 's VT 600 . 
A pixel addressable printer can obviously reproduce a bit mapped image , and page description formats have developed to allow this . 
High resolution images on the computer screen can now be reproduced by printer far more accurately . 
Reproduced to a uniform size on the printed page , sculptures which are monumental in size can not be distinguished from those which are mere studies or maquettes . 
Unlike basic chords and barre chords -- usually cumbersome , and full of note duplication -- the jazz chord can be small and yet densely packed with information . 
I can not devote a whole book to the subject , so my descriptions of the numerous cheeses available will be rather brief . 
Contracts overseas are one way that Japanese firms can fight back against a chronic shortage of trained programmers . 
Prostatitis can be acute or chronic , it can be ` bacterial " or ` non-bacterial " . 
The idea is that , just as brands provide suppliers with enduring benefits , so command of significant shares of world markets can confer lasting advantage even if the supply choices change over time . 
Goodwill can permit effective cooperation for purchasing of secondary care but goodwill is ephemeral when difficult decisions have to be made . 
Economic agents can not be certain whether observed changes in relative prices are ephemeral or permanent . 
You can have it all , we were told ; even eternal life was promised . 
The world can be spoken and thought of , therefore the world is eternal , uncreated , motionless , changeless , infinite and so on . 
Do send me an interim copy as soon as you can , even in draft or uncorrected form , so that I can all the better rack my brains for you ! 
Michelle knows all too well how lengthy the legal process can be and she 's relieved her case is at last being heard . 
Veronese 's ` Marriage at Cana " badly torn after the Louvre 's lengthy restoration 
It can be marked by very low pitch , even on lexical items , loss of amplitude and a lengthy pause . 
He regarded perpetual change as the fundamental law governing all things -- a view which is summarized in his famous aphorism , ` You can not step twice into the same river " . 
In the case of urgent difficulty , meetings can be arranged at short notice . 
` You can find out interesting things in a very short space of time , sir . 
Legend has it right , as it turns out , but it 's a long hour before roguish adventurer Brendan Fraser can transport dimwitted 1920s Pandora heroine Rachel Weisz to Hamunaptra so that she can open the Book of the Dead and start stupidly incanting .
Not only are function and form separate , over their long lives buildings can successfully accommodate a variety of uses .
At a level of complexity above atomic nuclei , once into the realm of complex molecules , the universe will not , can not , come to equilibrium , on vastly long timescales compared to its historical age .
On land , you can fill your day with tennis and golf along with long walks and beach activities .
Since solute absorption is , in general , a slowly varying and smooth process , relatively long time intervals can be used and this latter constraint is not usually limiting .
The process usually takes too long , and in the final analysis , the most severe sanction the AICPA can impose is expulsion from the Institute .
This method was chosen to detect sequences with potential similarity to pXO2 because it is rapid and the reaction products can be readily sequenced .
These difficulties led to a rapid conclusion that the information that can be best obtained from a cDNA microarray experiment is ratio information rather than absolute quantification .
A dynamic performer whose voice can galvanise up-tempo songs , Brenda was known as Little Miss Dynamite .
… God is infinitely potential : his is a dynamic power , from which an infinite set of new and different values can always arise .
Clearly , industrial policy can not fully explain the extraordinary dynamism of Japanese accumulation .
She said that she can identify with Miss Moffat , the energetic teacher who battles to get her protégé to Oxford University .
Much more energetic particles can be produced by cosmic-rays , which themselves are so energetic that they can readily pass right through a magnetosphere .
He teaches that essential oils can also be used to balance the subtle energy forces in the body similar to acupuncture .
I can only liken this to a trance-like state which neither drains you of energy nor leaves you feeling elated afterwards . "
In my own turfs we are quarrelling among ourselves with intense energy about whether women can be ordained priests , about who is more Catholic than their neighbour and about a whole host of internal issues , because we apparently have neither the grace nor the guts to face up to the real issues which are the business of the Church in the current world .
Even the sun in Scotland can cause damage , though the problem is clearly more intense in the Mediterranean and more exotic holiday locations .
Abuse and scorn were heaped upon it with an intensity of attack that I can not remember experiencing previously in my political career .
Similarly , the textural and structural elements of a space can be surveyed to reveal an intrinsic scale and intensity of energy .
Oh , how can a child of mine be so lazy and disobedient … so ungrateful ? "
The charge of simple laziness can be dismissed .
On some islands , there is a lethargic variety of sea-snake which lies on the sand in the shallow , and which can give a nasty poisonous bite when stood on .
Problems can also arise for people in urban areas , some of whom suffer from " winter depression " , making them dull and lethargic during the day and unable to sleep at night .
It can be a gentle paddle on sluggish water or a 25 yd shoot down a narrow rocky gut under the trees .
And bamboo is such a vigorous grower , a visit here can bring a whole new meaning to picking up a pot plant .
I can promise that the Department will take vigorous action where there are good cases .
We can expect the protesters to continue with more vigour than usual this year , and to exhibit renewed enthusiasm when cruise hunting starts .
As well as sustaining the health and vigour of the plant , they can control the quantity and quality of its fruit and direct its size , shape and height to positive effect .
Thousands can be lost without seriously affecting the vigour and power of the army .
At Goodwill , it is the hard work of staff and those who benefit from our services that produces the kind of inspiring results I see every day : A Goodwill staff member addresses a group of welfare recipients : `` You can earn the money to support yourself and your family , '' she says .
This is most common in the case of overlapping when it can be falsely assumed that part of a continuous form is obscured from view .
Conversely , refuse on the surface occludes predator vision and predation can sometimes be low .
Ingleborough 's steep sides always manage to give the impression that the top of the hill has been sliced off ; when it 's cloaked in a mist cap , you can almost imagine a cone-shaped summit .
A stout woman entered , bearing a candelabrum and a tray , and on her plump face , under the nightcap that concealed the rags curling her hair , was an expression of the gravest displeasure .
The peasant economy , therefore , reproduces the labour force for capitalism at a low cost because , due to the subsistence sector , men can be employed on an irregular basis .
Here , we see the state as an ardent suitor , suddenly aware of the rich dowry the multinational can bring to the national economy .
Adam Smith and subsequent writers have shown that in a competitive economy the pursuit of self interest can lead to an outcome which society would view as efficient .
But he insisted the international community can do a much better job in helping Iraq deal with its economic and health problems .
We believe your business students and management trainees will find they can develop these essential but elusive skills through Business Assignments -- Eight advanced case studies with video . 
There is a direct sanction the parent or student can bring to bear . 
Bobbie ( RH ) : It was better working with pupils from another school 'cos everyone 's good at different things so the more people in the project , the more things we can do . 
They can and should be made readily accessible to teachers and pupils in English as in other subjects . 
Examples of neo-Georgian pubs can be found in the suburbs of Liverpool ( often designed by Quiggin and Gee , two former pupils of Professor Reilly ) and in many other places . 
The primary school pupils studied by Sinclair and Coulthard had acquired such a knowledge of the way lessons develop ; the participants in a trial know what stage it is in and can organize their behaviour accordingly . 
Best-selling novelist , short story writer , occasional teacher of creative writing ` insofar as it can be taught " . 
Libby Roberts , dance teacher and the body behind Slimline Complete Works ( Video Collection ) , replied : ` Exercise can strengthen and tone muscles , but not reduce fat . 
They can only be solved by a commitment , built into the timetable for the length of the project to give participating teachers the time to view the video and meet their friendly critic . 
Yes , we all can remember one or two truly inspiring teachers from our school days .
In this sense , a teacher can be compared to one 's family doctor .
Although the second- and third-years do n't officially come back until next week , Puddephat 's tutees have been called back early so they can be allocated to new people quickly . 
You can study any subject at ` A " level ; the important thing is that the subjects you study are academic and that you do well in them . 
You can school him over hurdles . "
IT systems are available now which can be trained by experts to perform decision making activities based on implicit information as well as , or even better than , the experts who have trained them .
Visually handicapped pupils can certainly be trained to use their other senses very effectively in listening , tactile , and haptic skills .
But we still have to train people to be able to cook under any conditions -- a young soldier can often find himself on his own in the field cooking for a given number of people .
You can train yourself to write faster and legibly .
The dolphins were trained to use pressurized canisters to shoot intruders with a .45 calibre bullets at point-blank range .
It has also endorsed continual and greater efforts to instruct children in traffic safety , for there is ample evidence that by such means the knowledge of road safety procedures can be improved .
The lower levels get hotter and hotter and store energy which can be used to generate power .
Because any organization that is part of the power grid can potentially affect the operation and stability of the entire grid , members of these regional councils come from all segments of the electric industry : investor - owned utilities ; federal power agencies ; rural electric power cooperatives ; state , municipal , and provincial utilities ; independent power producers ; power marketers ; and other interested parties .
The more I learn about the cost and inefficiencies of the current and future regulatory regime to which power generators will be subjected if we do not have new legislation , the more I am convinced that we can -- and must -- develop a smarter approach that protects the environment and public health while reducing the cost to consumers and industry and optimizing the size of both the state and federal government machinery necessary to achieve that protection .
Dual-core chips can do the same work that a single-core chip can , only faster , while consuming less power and at a cooler temperature .
Yes , power-hungry peripherals are becoming rarer by the minute , but as expandability is an important criterion for file servers , it 's important that you have a PSU that can dish out enough juice .
It can not be used , therefore , in respect of odours emanating from residential premises . 
Fly around this area even without landing there , and you can still look at unbelievably-coloured lakes , watch steam issuing from cliffs , see silica terraces , sulphur mines and geothermal power plants . 
A light that radiates out from its source can dissolve personal limits , blending with other such pools of light to form a greater circle . 
If the property has been lived in for a long time with old carpets that have never been shampooed they can exude quite pungent odours . 
Such research has become possible only with the advent of tunable lasers , which can emit light over a range of wavelengths . 
US electricity generators have been given new limits on the amount of sulphur dioxide they can emit after 1995 . 
A few polluters with ineffective treatment processes discharging effluents into otherwise clean rivers can make a patch ` difficult " . 
Biological filters operate outside the pool , usually at the summit of a waterfall where they can be suitably hidden -- water from the pool being pumped through the filter and allowed to discharge into the waterfall . 
As another option , on completion of cleaning , part or all of the solution can be allowed to discharge onto the floor and be spread with squeegees or mops to effect floor cleaning . 
The cloud 's rising internal heat can no longer be radiated away into space , and the dust cloud -- originally resembling a giant gaseous ball like Jupiter -- becomes a warm gassy protostar . 
A paradoxical property of black holes is that they can radiate through a quantum field effect discovered by Hawking ( 1974 ) . 
` I know it 's weird , " she went on , ` but pleasure is merely the result of naturally occurring chemicals secreted in the brain , and cocaine can turn those chemicals on like a faucet . 
The prostate gland can be involved by infection , both gonococcal and non-gonococcal , and in order to tell whether it is inflamed it is helpful to be able to examine some of the fluid that it secretes . 
The other directors can only fret quietly in their seats . 
The British colony , already fretting over whether China will give its nod to an expensive new airport in the territory , can ill afford the economic blow of a change in China 's status . 
` We do n't put him next to other horses , but he can see them clearly , only a field away , and he does n't fret or bother at all . 
It tells electorates that there can be continual growth and no one need worry that the cost of environmental security will hit spending power or reduce standards of living . 
He worries at the extent to which known Felix pictures have disappeared in the last 30 years , and can detail those that have gone missing from Brighton , The Oval and a Piccadilly pub . 
Even so , becoming angry when travel arrangements go wrong can hardly help . 
So you can see why mothers get angry when they discover that even everyday foods such as apples can cause a build-up of unwanted chemicals in their children 's bodies . 
` I 'm appalled that a blind person can be treated in this way and want to raise money to buy a guide dog . 
I 'm disappointed that we can not be represented , but sure you will appreciate position . 
Guinness is particularly pleased that its own employees can participate in these programmes through matched giving schemes . 
I can see you 're pleased with yourself ` 
I 'm very upset about Francis … more upset than I can say . ” 
When you are tired out and upset with yourself for not having taken that extra piece of lift some miles back , there can be a tendency to become apathetic and not even try to prevent an accident . 
Mexico , too , was miffed because the Telmex telephone company can not gain entry to the American marketplace .
“ But the council 's so embarrassed about that one that they 're just leaving them to put it right as quietly as they can . 
I 'm just so excited , because he says I can be in charge of it . 
And suddenly they found themselves talking the sort of language that all of us can understand , and they got quite excited about this . 
I feel excited when I come up with something that I can have Jack to help me with , I 'm always ready to hear what he has . 
`` A lot of people , they 're absolutely revolted by the fact that these evil , depraved IRA godfathers can recruit impressionable young Irish people into ( committing ) appalling acts of violence . ''
They are sad for Johnny Bryan because he can never truly be a member of this particular family . 
` Can it really work ? " enquired his startled colleague . 
The most vital resource for stressed professionals is at least one other person , preferably but not necessarily a colleague , to whom they can tell the truth . 
Again , careful handling can reduce many of the problems associated with this temperament , but these traits remain present and may be triggered when the horse is stressed . 
So you need to know if they 're stressed , and what you can do about it . 
There I lay , half-roasted on one side , freezing on the other , in a sort of trance , more abjectly miserable than I can tell . 
And I know that 's miserable for you , but what else can you do ? " 
A group of thirty or forty downcast men stood apart in the canter of thin ring , their heads and arms hanging slack in attitudes of despair . 
In any event , a dissatisfied enquirer can be a disgruntled member ! 
` Everybody in this town , including the stuffed seagull shop , seems to reckon they can sell books , " said a disgruntled Mr Coward . 
It can be the focus of inconsolable grief ; it inspires poetry and literature , symphonies and songs . 
Pleasure can be no more than a gourmet 's appreciation for delicacies , whereas a happy person can readily settle for a much simpler diet . 
` Robots , " he said , ` gave me a means of venting my anger , " a remark whose logic baffled me until I read another ` Logic alone can not explain this . " 
There is always a moment in time when we can make a decision whether or not to vent our anger . 
What this implies and should express is the field-worker 's moral commitment to his foreign hosts ; this can be the source of much personal anguish and heart-searching . 
Who can honestly say that they have never been consumed by that intense annoyance , never felt that burning but wrenching tension and anger at life 's petty frustrations . 
If there is continuing disquiet about the way an industry is being run , Members can express their disquiet by questioning the fitness of the persons appointed by the Government to run it . 
The participants in folk dance can and certainly do show elation . 
The bewilderment of the child Nizan can not be overstated . 
I can understand the apparent stupefaction of all parties . 
Adoption is hard , and everyone involved has disappointments , longings and anger that can not easily be dealt with . 
“ At least if there 's a human being there you can talk about the deal , ” says Legal & General 's Michael Payne with just a trace of exasperation . 
` Can I help you ? " she asked , trying not to let him see the amusement in her blue eyes . 
It needs space to throw the dice and this is not practical in planes and trains where it can do most to relieve the boredom of a long journey . 
If this is not the case , then opportunities are not only missed , but advancing years can be seen as synonymous with increasing loss , increasing isolation and increasing boredom . 
Long periods of insufficient stimulation -- extreme boredom , if you like -- can result in poor welfare . 
We know that the patient who can show distress about their condition , talk about it and share anxiety has a much faster recovery rate than one who suppresses such feelings . 
One way in which this operates is through the coordinating role of banks who can organize a protective safety net during periods of acute financial distress . 
Neither he nor Peter can conceal excitement at being back in the limelight again . 
I have explained to pupils that I do not know ` the answer " and so I can share the excitement of working out a problem with them . 
Dear Lord , he can be stupid , thought Scarlet , as she saw Camille about to respond with the surprised gratification of a matador to whom the bull has blindly turned his flank . 
For the owner , it can mean heartbreak at the loss of a family pet . 
Rather than match China 's firmness , it can be confidently predicted , the Hong Kong authorities will follow past form , cease muttering about their shock and horror over Tiananmen , and return to bland assurances that the negotiations with Peking about a post-1997 ` Basic Law " for Hong Kong are going well . 
You can imagine my horror ! 
` You can imagine our horror at finding a false ceiling in a secure establishment and ducts like this . 
A bewildered and shocked survivor can be guided through red tape , and practical alternatives can be found , as in the case of Liz and Tom who were burgled while on Income Support . 
Pupils can become bored if asked to complete a lengthy worksheet at every site . 
A cool bored female voice answers : ` Can I help you ? " 
These problems can vary in intensity from parents concerned about how to wean , to parents ' neglecting and underfeeding their children . 
It is true that the wonderful advance of our people … has transformed the wilderness into a home where men and women can live comfortably , elegantly , happily , if they are of contented disposition …
Much pressure can overtly or unwittingly be put on grown up children , to provide grandchildren for the delight of the grandparents . 
Whether or not the Palace actually arranged for the drawing to be removed , there can be little doubt that they were delighted to be rid of it . …
For the more depressed and lonely people who have few if any outside contacts , counselling can appear to deepen the very feelings that it is seeking to alleviate , especially in the early stages . 
It 's not just health problems they suffer but many people can get really depressed living in houses where they have to keep washing the mould off the walls . 
The ready availability of a screening questionnaire that mothers at risk can complete under supervision in a few minutes is potentially useful , but only if health workers and others can rise to the needs of depressed mothers . 
The profound anguish and hopeless despair of this woman in the face of what she believed to be the moral ruin of her whole life can not well be described . 
Children misbehave when they are discouraged and believe they can not succeed by useful means . 
Obviously we feel discouraged , but we do what we can . " 
The distressed parent then has an automatic thought that , since she can not control their behaviour , she is a bad person . 
At the same time , I 'm elated and I can go back to the vices I did have , " said Mr Tyson . 
This can be dangerous work : three field workers in Korup were trapped behind a tree by an enraged elephant after their tranquilliser dart missed its target . 
Blake looked at the exasperated face of the Doctor , ' … but this computer can predict what I 'm going to do . 
They can be happy and cheerful but they can also get fed-up , frustrated , angry , disappointed and hurt inside -- just like real people . 
The character can meet the change head on , in which case we may feel gratified -- or sidestep the new knowledge , try to behave as though everything is the same as before . 
Indignant over suggestions that the Prime Minister has replaced his Jaguar with a Rover , Nigel Lawson can at least draw comfort from the fact that he is a wanted man in the City . 
` Then you can do so today -- at the barbecue , " Lucy hissed , suddenly infuriated with them both , although more so with Silas than with Doreen . 
Whereas in Crime and Punishment and in the novels which follow he can , though his narrow glee over being ahead of the fact is unworthy of his art and of what ` idealism " and ` deeper realism " intend . 
Unless they are given opportunities to express their grief in appropriate ways which can include weeping for loss , they will never be able to acquire the creative energy necessary to find a new job . 
To some extent , adults can choose of their own free will whether to deal with their grief or not . 
But for the time being , Private Morrison 's family , already overcome by grief , can only wait and hope his body will be released to them soon . 
` I can sympathize . " 
John Major seems to sympathise , but the voters can be excused for not yet noticing . 
Most pool owners are thrilled if they can persuade their fish to breed successfully . 
` Teenagers love them as keepsakes and most of the fisherwomen are bought by old ladies who can remember the real fisherwomen of the area , " says a perplexed Mrs Rees . 
Few men can have done more to relieve human suffering , or shown less interest in profiting from the process . 
I can quite honestly say that it is ages since I have had an evening of such delight ; and the personal interest of reading a friend 's work had very little to do with it . 
1 ) Voters can `` buy '' one of two brands when they select their political agents -- a Republican brand that believes in the minimalist state and in the virtues of private markets over the vices of public action , and a Democratic brand that believes in big government and in public intervention to remedy the excesses attendant to the pursuit of private interest .
One can imagine a Soviet general fuming to see it around her neck . 
` One can only be glad for their sakes .
If you are interested in coming to our University we shall be very glad to find a place for you if we can , and most certainly to welcome you if you are admitted .
They tend to rely on their parents to put up with the drudgery of queues and are only interested in capitalism and the rewards it can bring .
If you would like more information about how CREDO Mid-Pay can release you from payroll drudgery , simply fill in the attached coupon and take or send it to your local Midland branch manager .
The flow can still be described with more emphasis on these systematic features rather than random ones .
Without making excessive claims , the emphasis on particular trees , fruits , and plants , can be seen as one of several points at which this slight poem connects with physical and historical reality .
` From what I can make out , most mixed practices employ male vets for the large animals . " 
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
The loss of basic medical sciences can only be detrimental to clinical teaching and research and to the staff of university hospitals .
The staff of the Sport and Recreation Department are pleased to advise on how maximum benefit can be obtained from the wide-ranging programme on offer .
Even with the help of highly motivated and expert Benefits Agency staff , I can not see how , with the best will in the world , that can be achieved in an ordered way .
An examination of changes in personal staffing decisions in the Senate between 1986 and 1987 ( when control of that body changed party hands ) , moreover , reveals that the personal staffing differences noted in the table can not be attributed to the disproportionate control Democrats exercise , due to their majority-party status , over other resources such as committee staff .
At Goodwill , it is the hard work of staff and those who benefit from our services that produces the kind of inspiring results I see every day : A Goodwill staff member addresses a group of welfare recipients : `` You can earn the money to support yourself and your family , '' she says .
Addressing a meeting at a neighborhood center , a Goodwill staff member tells the audience how Goodwill can help them find and keep jobs .
The individual artisans ' shops are no longer here , but you can visit a silk - weaving factory , a ceramics plant , and the Foshan Folk Art Studio , where you can observe workers making Chinese lanterns , carving sculptures , painting scrolls , and cutting intricate designs in paper .
The site will be completely cleared and made safe until building work can start on the new development . 
If the Tigers can clear other Muslim communities to the south , they will have established a safe corridor between the Serbian and the Bosnian capitals . 
I can only liken this to a trance-like state which neither drains you of energy nor leaves you feeling elated afterwards . " 
The valley is drained by the Clough River ( unusually so named , this being the only example I can think of where the word ` River " follows the name instead of preceding it ) . 
The play exposes the horror of a world which , drained of its rituals , is left exposed to a released and enacted wickedness neither its individuals nor its institutions can contain . 
You can take a ferryboat through the harbor , past the ingenious Plover Cove reservoir , a water catchment area appropriated by damming and draining a broad inlet from the sea .
A cess pool has to be airtight , and installed where it can be readily emptied by pumps and motor tankers from time to time . 
If we believe that Ireland can be purged of the Dark Lords and the Wolfline reinstated , then we will join with you . " 
And if I can not rid myself of it I will just have to go into the service and begin to root out the cause . 
`` It was very , very important '' to compel Iraq to rid itself of weapons of mass destruction so that `` it can not use or export them to other countries , '' he told Associated Press Television News .
If the potatoes have been peeled the cooking water can be used for sauces or soups . 
“ Well , ” he said , “ you can peel them and boil them or cut them up and fry them or … ” 
I can remember at least six of the Stronsay women gutting the herring at that time and they stood on Moars beach . 
If you do n't think you can manage it yourself , give your butcher plenty of warning and he will bone your turkey for you . 
The operator can write , run and debug programs by ` driving " the simulated controls and the simulator responds appropriately even to the extent of execution times . 
Hodson-Smith says , however , that the software has not been fully debugged and thus can not be relied on in an emergency . 
They can , if these claims are true as they seem to be , debug their ` digestive program " , or slow their hearts considerably . 
Only a single user can access the computer at a time , and he has to write , debug , and run his programs in the most basic computer-oriented form . 
You can also defrost and clean your fridge and freezer with the Steamatic , making short work of what can often be a long and messy job . 
• Frozen food can be defrosted gently in the steamer . 
When they load or unload a ship they can understand what 's wanted . " 
Britain also insists on an IRA pledge to disarm before Sinn Fein can join .
The South African experience demonstrates that at least under some conditions , unilateral disarmament is not only possible , but can improve a nation 's security .
The Great Rebellion can be regarded in part as an anti-witchcraft movement , like those which sweep through traditional African societies in a utopian quest for a new world cleansed of sin and hatred .
Ultimately the most memorable lines in this volume must be those penned by Bonnard to Matisse in January 1940 : ` When I think of you , I think of a mind cleansed of every old aesthetic convention , and it is that alone that permits a direct view of nature , the greatest joy that can befall a painter .
As Steve Wozniak , the co-founder with Jobs of the Apple Computer Company , tersely noted : ` he can always couch things in the right words " ( Patterson , 1985 ) . 
Thus , we can not predict social events with absolute certainty and have to couch our forecasts in terms of probabilities , provided other factors do not change , which of course they can . 
So : utter refusal , and refusal couched in terms of the most unctuous , sanctimonious cant imaginable . 
She said : ` Scots can spot a shabby sell-out when they see it even when couched in sham patriotic language . 
` God-speak " often sounds pompous and bombastic and the sub-text can suggest : ` I 'm not really confident about my thoughts and opinions , so I 'll couch them as holy proclamations . " 
It is intensely personal , but again one can detect in it mechanisms used to control the feeling and turn it from a mere discharge of personal feeling into a genuine expression of emotion . 
The first of these , the preparation of lessons in sequence will obviously deal with the formulation of learning objectives which can be realised in a particular unit of work . 
Answers to these will also need to be worked out and if possible these answers should be framed in such a way that the points you want to make can be slid in as well . 
Some of the most important questions clinicians ask can be phrased in very simple terms : 
One tiny privilege , " he sneered , ` when obviously you 're not -- how can I phrase it discreetly ? -- exclusive ? " 
Your language may , in reality , be somewhat more forceful than can be printed here but , however you phrase it , you have in effect made a report . 
Thus the meaning of a criterion statement worded " The pupil can … " must be related to the time at which the skill or knowledge was demonstrated and the reliability of the judgement used . 
Any problems with the wording of the draft questionnaire should show up at this stage and can be corrected before the real investigation starts . 
If an individual item can not be matched , the wording of this clause should be brought to the attention of the policyholder . 
It is because values can be most effectively defined and expressed in words that the study of literature claims a central place in humane studies . 
This was expressed by Crick as the ` central dogma " of molecular biology , that information can pass from DNA to protein , but not from protein to DNA . 
` I can only express the hope that you 've not endangered your niece 's life by such behaviour . "
And there 's some doubt as to whether the council can make its tenant farmers enforce the ban .
They or their heirs can enforce this contract against one another for the whole period .
Whether a mortgage is legal or equitable , the mortgagee can enforce his security by applying to the court for an order for foreclosure .
Through a curious loophole in the present law Hart was able to plead guilty to motoring offences that can be dealt with in a magistrates court -- and was jailed for only four months .
Few of these can escape the trap by joining the exploitative city elite , because high urban wages ( and subsidised capital imports ) deter employers from using extra labour . 
These estimates could be somewhat accelerated or easily delayed dependent upon a host of international and domestic factors that can not be accurately predicted .
The resulting analysis can set bounds on the uncertainties , while producing a range of estimates of the country 's capabilities .
According to U.S. government estimates , Iran can produce 1,000 metric tons of agent per year and may have a stockpile of at least several thousand metric tons of weaponized and bulk agent .
Pancreatic acinar cell kinetics can be estimated by using the methods of BrdUrd labelling index and metaphase arrest after vincristine administration .
The molybdenum blue can be estimated in a spectrophotometer .
Can you guess which breeds Peggy 's parents are ?
If they are accurate , the new Foxbats can not only evade our missiles , they can attain the very top level of the stratosphere , and maintain a speed which is only marginally sub-orbital .
The contradictions between corporate goal-achieving behaviour and each of these environmental uncertainties creates a strong strain towards innovative behaviour which can stretch over the spectrum law abiding -- law avoiding -- law evading -- law breaking .
But the American troops manning this base in eastern Afghanistan know that their elusive nighttime foe can slip away to sanctuary in Pakistan , just 20 miles away .
Sometimes we have to give the officials the slip so that we can go out to fish , '' Samala said .
Also , most prey can only flee fast in a forward direction , so attacking the head is the best way of hampering their escape . 
Nothing I have seen before can compare to Calcutta . 
Satisfactory though casing may be for books which a careless age does not expect to be long-lived , it can not compare in craftsmanship and durability with the old method properly practised . 
Many sales were admittedly quite modest and overall results can not compare with those of the glory days of 1989 , but nobody was complaining . 
In this sense , a teacher can be compared to one 's family doctor .
With this in mind we can see that the indulgent familiarity of the maternal uncle towards his nephew matches the mother 's generous affection towards her child .
BT believes it still has some way to go before it can match the performance of American telecommunications companies and is also anxious to stay ahead of European public sector rivals .
Few countries can rival Czechoslovakia for mountain scenery . 
Yet none of these works can rival , for sheer novelty and strangeness , Sibelius 's Sixth Symphony , still one of the most mystifying and mesmerising orchestral utterances of the century . 
Only David Platt can rival the Sheffield Wednesday pair for caps in the last three years . 
But undulating side-wings are not such powerful propellants as a thrashing tail , so the manta can not swim as fast as its shark cousins or rival them as hunters . 
Few if any pianists have ever matched the haunting sweetness and intensity of his cantabile or equalled the lightness and vivacity of his rhythm . 
No one yet knows if this sort of thing happens in a dying brain , but if it does , it might actually explain how many angels can dance on the head of a pin . 
Dr _Gupto : On the other hand to be able to outline and do the thing that were talked about today to basically completely revamp the public health system so that local officials can talk to state officials that can talk to federal officials to be able to pinpoint exactly when a cluster of bird flu happens that takes probably a lot more money and a and a really a complete revamping of our public health systems .
We have already argued that a period of sustained expansion can occur only if potential profitability can be maintained , that is , if an adequate balance between productivity and real wages can be sustained . 
Each variation , or change , can occur only once , the rules state .
Before a skyscraper can be built , a feng shui ( see page 68 ) investigation must take place to ensure that the site and the building will promote health , harmony , and prosperity .
Kids like Tommie J . , made a ward of the court because of repeated beatings by an alcoholic father ; Alice , sent to a group home to get help because of severe behavior disorders ; and John H . , a recovering alcoholic , rebuilding a relationships with his family so they can live together again .
Those members of staff who have reservations about the value of a genuine partnership with parents can best be convinced by the successes of many small actions .
Despite such problems , a growing body of scientific evidence attests that yoga can influence nearly all the Physiological systems of the human organism , and has therapeutic effects on a wide range of disorders . 
In this way the results of characterisation studies can be corroborated by alternative , and independent , measures of similarity . 
The fact that such roles are well established would seem to demonstrate that football fans such as ` Rowdies " can not be viewed simply as a bunch of disordered maniacs . 
The South African experience demonstrates that at least under some conditions , unilateral disarmament is not only possible , but can improve a nation 's security .
It is surprising how many herbs can thus be fitted in before that agonizing search for a space for yet another indispensable plant proves that the only vacancy is the concrete path surrounding the dustbins . 
` The recent World Cup proved what a commercially lucrative venture rugby union can be . 
The accuracy of your selection can only be proved by giving the remedy and the patient getting better . 
An examination of changes in personal staffing decisions in the Senate between 1986 and 1987 ( when control of that body changed party hands ) , moreover , reveals that the personal staffing differences noted in the table can not be attributed to the disproportionate control Democrats exercise , due to their majority-party status , over other resources such as committee staff .
Our results show that unmodified oligonucleotides can provide an accurate , reproducible and cost-effective means to measure gene-expression profiles .
The results show that Met can be detected in the axillary drainage , and although the number of patients was not high , Met is associated with unfavorable prognostic factors .
If this is the case , can it be substantiated by evidence from the history of developed societies ? 
That surely has been testified to today when the very convenor of the panel on doctrine admits that he does n't want the statements to be too clear so that they can be understood and used by people of radically different persuasions . 
Policy making can be conducted in a similar fashion ; indeed , research testifies to its popularity . 
Although the mind-body effects of essences can be verified by science , the spiritual dimension is , of course , elusive -- as ethereal as the fragrance of a beautiful flower . 
Findings based on very limited evidence can not be regarded as being firmly established and need to be verified by means of additional observations and cases . 
Attempting to copy a decorative technique can confirm or disprove that it produces the same appearance and microstructure observed on the original item . 
Evidence can thereby be admitted to prove or disprove the existence of the element which has been deemed jurisdictional . 
I can envision observations and experiments that would disprove any evolutionary theory I know , but I can not imagine what potential data could lead creationists to abandon their beliefs . 
Evidence can be defined as information which establishes or disproves a fact or a point in question . 
If there were such evidence , you can be sure you would have heard of it .
We can 't arrest without her evidence , that is clear , so the sooner we get a statement the better . "
However , CaM can also interact with group III mGluRs [ 26 28 ] . Recent data suggests that the association of CaM with group III mGluRs is necessary for normal G protein activation [ 27 ] . By analogy to group III mGluRs , the ability of Siah1a to compete with CaM for binding to group I mGluRs was considered a potential mechanism for the actions of Siah1a on group I mGluR-mediated calcium current inhibition .
The distribution of metastases suggests skip lesions and peppering [ 3 5 6 ] . Predicting the lymphatic spread from cancer of the oral tongue can help in choosing the appropriate surgical procedure and may also help in predicting the outcome .
The amino acids Methionine , Proline , Tryptophan and Glutamine occur predominantly in the rigid tripeptides and not as much in the other two categories , suggesting that Methionine , Proline , Tryptophan and Glutamine can cause structural rigidity in a tripeptide .
Items such as these indicate just how much information objects can carry about the processes of their creation .
It can also indicate the presence of other illnesses such as multiple sclerosis .
The relative lack of resonance of the boycott can only have indicated to Hitler that he had been right to keep a fairly low public profile on the ` Jewish Question " .
Clinical findings also support the view that low and mixed grade form a specific group that can be separated from the high grade group .
I can not find out of the evidence any facts which support the view or which justify the inference .
Even berries from adjacent bushes can taste quite different , with hints of grape , cherry , plum , and subtly varied textures , reminding you that there are 400 micro-species of bramble in Britain .
As we tunnelled our way through the steep rhododendron-canopied paths at Aros , Alistair said the rain , the humidity and the terrain reminded him of his ` spell in Assam during the War .
Well , if there 's one aircraft which can still evoke memories of those Cold War days this is it .
A patriotic feeling or the witnessing of a noble or generous action can evoke the same emotion .
One can indeed use could in a positive sentence evoking a past capacity which was never even exercised : ( 11 ) Ten years ago , the super-powers could already destroy the world 1000 times over .
And to a former federal bomb investigator , that description suggests a powerful military-style plastic explosive C-4 that can be cut or molded into different shapes . 
The only point of Mr Baker 's tests that I can divine is that they will serve to check up on the teachers . 
Your body -- even if it ca n't do Mr Kent 's maths tests or win the high jump -- remains something that modern science can not copy . 
At present a person can take a few driving lessons and pass a driving test and he is then free to purchase any type of car they can afford , regardless of how powerful that car is . 
Adult anglers in Germany must take evening classes and pass a multiple choice test before they can get their rod licence . 
` Cover versions can give an assessment of singing ability " , says Gatfield , ` but not star quality . 
` But I can not comment on any suggestion that he was worried about his exams in any way . " 
You see if we can get away on holiday earlier this year because the violin exam 's in June or in July we 'll be back . 
When a bank note can be exchanged for gold on demand at a bank it is said to be convertible or redeemable .
You can use your Hong Kong dollars here , so there 's no need to change currency .
Hong Kong currency is widely accepted in Guangzhou , or you can change your currency into RMB ( yuan ) at any bank or hotel .
Dogs which have lived in kennels for a long time can be particularly difficult to house-train successfully , although this is helped by the fact that they will only defecate about twice a day . 
Just as certain behavioural habits develop , such as vomiting after every meal , so women with bulimia can develop habitual thoughts and begin to think in a bulimic way . 
I wear a personal stereo so I do n't hear their comments , but since I sweat a lot when I 'm running I can understand that they do not like it when I get too close . 
The skin can not , however , absorb essential oils if it is perspiring -- after a sauna for instance .
We can actually implement it very efficiently in hardware .
Protracted bargaining , Williamson argues , is less likely for three reasons : people feel part of a unified organization , and so are less inclined to argue ; management has the right to demand information from workers in the organization , and therefore can restrict opportunism ; and , ultimately , management can use its authority to guillotine any dispute that threatens to be prolonged . 
If a voluntary timetable can not be agreed then the Government can "  guillotine "  proceedings . 
As tempting as this interpretation may be , this observation is relegated to the notes section because it constitutes a horrible abuse of terminology—there is only so far that such tonal analogies can go before they begin to hide any true analytical insight behind misused terms .
i guess that 's about all i can say about exercising
you know you can go to the country club together you can play with your friends he can play with his friends but you 've both been out and exercised and you have enjoyed the day
because if you do n't exercise then it seems like um what you you just have to be really really careful about what you eat you can you can eat like a normal person if you get a moderate amount of exercise and not really have to worry about it
Using proportions simplifies the illustration , but the idea can easily be conveyed to the estimation of continuous data as well , such as BP , exercise time , hemodynamic measures , and lipoprotein levels .
yeah at least its something that you enjoy and i know a lot of people that talk about exercise and say well i do n't want to exercise it 's too much work but there a lot of different things you can do that that
right you can just trust someone else to give you full exercise and all you do is follow along and enjoy yourself
those exercise bands now that are better that you can use for like toning instead of using a weight you have like bands i do n't know if you 've seen them they 're
Washington and Jefferson in their antique knee pants ca n't hope to compete ; neither can Teddy Roosevelt in his boots and gun , nor Reagan in his cowboy outfit , nor , frankly , Dole and Clinton in their exercise clothes .
Given that there are females , the problem of why sexual reproduction exists can be raised in a sharper form ( see Figure 7 ) .
They can , therefore , exist quite happily in areas of sparse vegetation .
If there were such evidence , you can be sure you would have heard of it .
There are restaurants and a Starbuck's in the basement , and you can access the raised pedestrian crosswalk from the escalators on the ground floor .
There are also several open-air restaurants where you can enjoy fresh seafood .
But there 's something in Inspector Baynes which I can 't quite understand . "
There is nothing upon which we can apply for a warrant .
" I join in it because there is no other way in the world by which justice can be gained .
There may be a hundred crimes in the background , but it is only on this one that they can be tried . "
At secondary level , such work can expand naturally into the exploration of dramatic texts . 
Parents can also learn to anticipate which situations are likely to cause problems . 
These techniques are used by parents who can anticipate the child 's reactions . 
Mink are a growing problem and we can not quite anticipate the effect they will have on the rabbit population . 
The real interview may run a very different course from the one you anticipated , and you do not want to develop the subconscious belief that it can only go one way . 
We can therefore anticipate -- and this brings us to our second theme -- that the answers we seek actually lie elsewhere than in a simple equation between creative and mad thought . 
Without Batty , Leeds have lost six of their last eight matches , and if he comes through tomorrow 's reserve team clash with Newcastle , he can expect a recall at Blackburn on Saturday . 
We can not expect our competitors on mainland Europe to put up with such discrimination . 
You can usually foresee what is going to happen , so please let us know in advance and we will arrange the best deal for you . 
Heseltine declares that he can not foresee the circumstances in which he would challenge her for the leadership . 
Nevertheless the indirect ecological effects can not always be foreseen . 
No-one can predict how long a person will live . 
Under such circumstances one can predict the final outcome with rather more confidence , for a child in this situation is sustained and encouraged in the response he originally adopted . 
Expect your appetite to get out of control once a month or so : if you predict it , you can cope with it more readily . 
Can the ward manager demonstrate that staff deployment matches predictable workload variations ? 
Where " events " last several days , the level of activity can vary from day to day , sometimes in a predictable sometimes an unpredictable fashion . 
Unpredictable weather can upset the best-laid holiday plans . 
Already we can safely say goodbye to that old Soviet joke about the Stalinist re-writing of history -- ` The future is certain : the past is unpredictable " . 
The sort of liability that can arise is often unforeseeable and can be expensive . 
How are you today , My name is miss mealdred , I just went Through your profile and I have no options than letting you Know that I am interested in having a relationship with you , I will also like to Know you the more , you can send an email to me so that I can send you more details about my self Including my pictures.I am waiting for your reply in and God bless
Watching : `` Hollywood Movie Trailers And Teasers : State Of Play ( 2009 ) '' ( http://twitthis.com/nvnnfc ) I was waiting to hear back but I can do the show tomorrow and the May UG 933 lol you were right , Armageddon ( aerosmith ) was the first song Caught My Eye : `` Kindle 2 Causing Eye Strain ?
I will be very happy if you could write me back , so that we can get to know each other better and share our feelings and see what happens in future , and also to view our photos as well , i will be waiting to hear from you .
So this year why not treat yourself to a weekend away from it all -- you 'd be surprised at how affordable it can be ! 
They offer a variety of beautiful individual frames which can be hired for short periods allowing you to put together a professional exhibition at an affordable cost . 
So they can buy as seven companies at a much cheaper rate and ship it across to us , and the sea freight is still does n't add to the cost that much . 
Alternatively , the odd antique chair can come reasonably cheap at auctions or antique fairs . 
There are so many on the market that many horse owners tend to use the cheapest supplement they can find , but this may not be the best . 
These pleasant , but expensive , outings can lay the foundation for your own explorations aboard the cheap but usually comfortable ferries used by the islanders themselves .
It is extremely costly in time and money since such interviewing can easily take two hours or more , and the data produced are not easy to code and analyse . 
Firms might hold such stocks so that when faced with an unexpectedly high level of demand they can meet it without recourse to a sharp and possibly very costly increase in production . 
Having curtains made professionally can be costly , so why not make your own ? 
Exorbitant champagne prices can make the pleasure of marking a special occasion with a bottle or two seem all-too fleeting at such high cost . 
What are the prospects of disconnection for industrial customers in the coming year if they can not afford to pay the exorbitant increases that the electricity companies are seeking from them ? 
It is obviously better if trees can be out of the ground for as short a time as possible and it is much less expensive to buy bare root transplants . 
These pleasant , but expensive , outings can lay the foundation for your own explorations aboard the cheap but usually comfortable ferries used by the islanders themselves .
Simple draughtproofing is relatively inexpensive and the initial cost can usually be recouped in less than two years . 
A study by Dublin 's Trinity College has established that yeasts found on tree leaves are pollution-sensitive and can provide an inexpensive method of monitoring air pollution . 
There are now a lot of low-cost ` share shops " we can deal through as well . 
Fibre-optic cable is pricey but can carry more simultaneous signals for longer distances . 
The report estimates it would cost 6,000 million roubles to build reprocessing facilities , which Russia can not afford . 
Fuel there currently costs more than £1 a litre — if motorists can find it . 
Dr _Gupto : The problem though at any given time eighty to ninety percent of those ICU rooms are full so we just do n't have the surge capacity and that 's going to cost lots and lots of money to create a health system where we can take care not only of the ill now but the ill that might come in with a pandemic Paula .
You may hurt yourself when you hit the ground , or your opponent may be so close that he or she can hit you immediately . 
I tell you though , if you 're gon na hurt yourself skiing , you can really hurt yourself . 
Nevertheless , within the group of patients who injure themselves three subgroups can be discerned . 
If you drive , you can injure or kill yourself or others . 
Hunt , who broke an ankle at the start of this season , said : ` This is a good opportunity for me to show what I can do after a bit of a difficult time . " 
` You can say I twisted my ankle when the heel broke , " Paula improvised . 
` Nor can it be any easier to decide if you prefer strolling the catwalk you abhor or sitting in the garden of the palazzo , sipping tea and talking with la Principessa . " 
" When you see the barbarism intae which civilised society can descend , " he said , " you despair of human nature . " 
Now , if your dog 's been behaving in an unusual way , do n't despair , you can now call in the experts . 
I dislike using them in conversation , for they can add a measure of artificiality to what should otherwise be casual . 
For Freud , antisemitism can not be explained fully in terms of the Jews being a minority group who are disliked by the host society because they are different . 
Anyone who dreads the hairdressers more than the dentists can be guaranteed a warm welcome at Greys with free advice available . 
But I do envy anyone who can have a few hours to themselves at Christmas , she thought . 
If I stay , I can make you the best horsewoman in the district -- one your husband will be proud of and one that the other ladies will envy when you ride to hounds . " 
The following day : ` Oh how I envy those who can charge with a bayonet instead of waiting to be buried by a shell , " and , finally , the admission : 
Choice is hated by the Labour party because it can not control what parents and children want if choice is offered . 
The kids hate it but what can I do ? 
I can look at things straight and put things across straight -- I 'm not here to be liked . 
` Although the heavy work is carried out by landscape contractors I love it when I can get out and add a few personal touches , " she says . 
We regret that tickets can not be exchanged . 
Freshers applying after 1st September will receive assistance in finding suitable accommodation : we regret that we can not guarantee University accommodation in such cases . 
Being encouraged to resent what has often been the well-spring of their humanity , they can not grow from the experiences by accepting the inner scars as evidence of their worthy struggle to overcome themselves . 
Also mares can be ticklish round the udder and resent the foal nuzzling around that area . 
Individuals can resent their own ideas being absorbed or submerged by other people 's , just as some of us do when we work in a group . 
The Americans recognise that professionals can achieve more ; the British resent the professionals interfering in what is ` always done " . 
I resent you for engineering it and I resent you for what you think you can do to me in revenge for our affair last year . " 
I resent you for engineering it and I resent you for what you think you can do to me in revenge for our affair last year . " 
We have been brought up to regard the house as our domain , and , despite wanting a man to pull his weight , can resent the feeling of being usurped . 
Being disenchanted with life , they may resent those who are contentedly coping with things as best they can and are making a good job of it . 
` You can check with whoever you like but I was totally exonerated of any blame at the time , and I resent you and your family 's implications that I was responsible for Eddie 's death ! 
Nothing really beneficial can come about , however , unless there is an empathy between giver and receiver . 
` The compassion of Mrs Lodge is something this court can not ignore , " said the judge . 
For a person who has been severely deprived in early childhood , envy of the baby who is receiving all the care that was and still is so much wanted can feel intolerable . 
By speaking out about envy between women , comedy can play a part in helping us to heal it in ourselves . 
Under these conditions we have little option other than to accept that we can do little more than look with envy towards those farmers in New Zealand making a living without the ` benefit " of subsidies . 
I should also convey the regrets of the hon. Member for Ashford ( Mr. Speed ) that he can not be present this evening . 
Resentment from staff that families are not caring for their own , and guilt from relatives at not being able to do so can make communication awkward ( Clough , 1981 ) . 
As as students in a lecture you can tell when a lecturer is nervous . 
Contractors are either not interested because the job is too small or can not undertake the work for weeks .
It never ceases to amaze me what human beings can do when they have to dig deep . 
It still amazes Paul how John can do voices . 
` Technology can help people who are non-musicians to express themselves , but it annoys me when these people say it 's more valid than the musicians who can actually play their instruments . " 
At the same time , however , the Tigers can not antagonise their own supporters by abandoning the concept of a homeland called Tamil Eelam . 
The idea is , I 'll present it you and you you can I wo n't try and astound you with it because it is hard to do that under these contexts . 
The various motoring offences can baffle the uninitiated , as I learned to my horror once when on a jury . 
` I can see how easily you 'd bewitch any man . " 
It can not have cheered John Major that much , Oh no . 
Always look at the deaths first , they can cheer you up no end . 
To watch women comfort each other can be a deeply moving experience which rolls back centuries of shared experience of the burden of living . 
We can comfort ourselves in the knowledge that death must have supervened very quickly . 
When she goes home she cries and can not be comforted . 
You can feed the hungry and comfort the oppressed and visit the sick and bury the dead . 
You can confuse people even more thoroughly with windows . 
I 'd asked that he should n't be bottle fed with my expressed milk as it can be more difficult to establish breastfeeding if a baby is confused by a teat . 
But I can console myself that at least I had fun . 
You can console yourself with the thought that you did your best . 
Mr Brown can make a room full of burly firemen howl with laughter at Mr Wilson , and then dazzle a bunch of Sacramento bureaucrats with legislative detail . 
` Forgive me , Georgi Kirov but I think I must disappoint you . 'I can undertake no more little errands for you . " 
They rocked in their seats to see how easily adults can be discomfited . 
Small girls can be found playing at ` house " , disconcerting their feminist mothers . 
John Bland , as amiable a sportsman as one would wish to meet , is naturally disturbed and disheartened by the increasing number of tournaments in which he , as a South African , can not compete . 
This upward jerk can be very painful and is sometimes enough to dishearten the attacker and allow the hedgehog to scuttle away to safety without having to resort to the passive rolling-up defence . 
Then if the wife displeases him he can distract himself with her little slave . " 
She peered appraisingly at herself in the mirror , pulling faces as if she were alone , and I was embarrassed by her candour . 
Groups of children sometimes can invent games of their own , or maybe entertain themselves in their own way if they are free of adult interference . 
I realised why I was wrong about good theatre , about how it can enthrall in a way cinema and television rarely does . 
With earache children may screech out , can not keep still with the pain and may be violently excited by it . 
` I want to challenge and excite as much as I can but I 'm not going to create a work for the Scottish Ballet that is going to drive their audience away . " 
It frightens me how a child can be made of flesh and blood but decay to wood . 
He would inevitably be frightened by the experience , because he would know that he can not yet expect to walk safely . 
CBW can have a greater psychological impact than conventional explosives , as suggested by the 2001 anthrax letter attacks , which killed only five people but frightened millions of Americans .
` How can I possibly frustrate you ? 
These can go a very long way to mollifying those individuals whose journeys are lengthened by traffic-affecting measures . 
As I see it , she is , in a sense , full , and so her own emptiness can be ignored or pacified . 
To take a specific and vivid example , it is very common for mothers ( and fathers ) to feel a violent impulse towards babies who can not be pacified . 
It 's her you 'll have to placate -- if you can . " 
If you can just keep your cool , he ca n't rattle you . " 
HAVING lost four general elections I can understand the socialists being busy and trying to scare the electorate with a terror story every day . 
He has a stare that can fill a man with dread -- a quiet , almost contemptuous look which shakes you to your boots . 
TV MAGICIAN Paul Daniels has shocked his fans by claiming Jesus 's miracles were just magic tricks which he himself can perform . 
It is the book that every literate member of my family will get for Christmas , both for the fun of it , and so they can shock their humanist friends with some real news about human nature . 
Though the dissolve has become part of film punctuation it can still shock or seduce the viewer . 
Those soft sighs and low moans can only mean one thing : the Apostate has offered to soothe away stressed Rainbow 's jangles by massaging her neck and shoulders . 
We need a gay movement with international contacts , so that we can inform , stimulate and support each other . 
Ken is one of the few people who can stun me into being ungrammatical . 
` I can tell you exactly when I saw you last , " Peter said , the urge to surprise her briefly triumphing over the other emotions she aroused . 
Let us hope Trevor can surprise us all and stay on the park until the end of the season . 
These things can not but terrify when they press nearly upon us , yet when distanced and modified they can become delightful to us . 
In this tightly knit situation there can be no escape and what upsets one will eventually cause chaos among all . 
Others can be upset very easily . 
If your child finds reading difficult , do n't provide books aimed at younger children because he may be bored by them even though he can understand them . 
The monist can be as easily floored by awkward questions as the dualist . 
I can not bear this obscene , grubbing curiosity about the affairs of others , it has never failed to repel me .
His folksy speeches still beguile the faithful ; he can grow eloquent on anything , even when comparing the dynamo-operated lamps of Russian bicycles to the simple purity of the unlighted Chinese alternative . 
Therefore you can happily build word pictures with which to beguile and captivate an audience . 
But fierce scrubbing and harsh degreasing can certainly traumatise your skin , say experts , and lead to more problems . 
` You think you can intimidate me , but you 're mistaken ! 
Chancellor Kohl can intimidate mavericks in his Christian Democrat party by threatening to move their names down on the electoral list , exposing them to the risk of defeat at the polls . 
It is clear that male birds with more complicated repertoires can intimidate rivals more successfully and/or attract mates more readily . 
We wait for the ambulance , window open so they can identify us , doilies neatly heaped on yellowing copies of the local paper , the cat perturbed by my frantic resuscitation efforts . 
The upsurge of interest in tachistoscopic laterality research which has taken place during the last two decades or so can be traced in part to the split-brain investigations and in part to an experiment conducted by Mishkin and Forgays ( 1952 ) .
This can only be properly tested in a laboratory , but all dyes used today are both permanent and colour-fast .
One hour before intubation subjects were given an oral dose of ranitidine ( 300 mg ) , and acid suppression was maintained throughout the experiment by intravenous ranitidine ( 50 mg/ hour ) administered by a cannula ( Venflon size 17G ) sited in a forearm veing ( Fig 1 ) .
The conditions under which these several perceptions are differentially elicited can be studied by the technique of ` apparent movement '' , wherein two stimuli or input-arrays are presented successively to the visual system and subjects are asked to report what they see .
The electrical information is recovered , and by the process of decoding it he can determine the amount of emotional stress in actual figures based on the levels of the electrical impulses picked up from the subjects .
Harry : ` The company [ Ecosse ] are all music buffs , and they 're always going on about how everybody can like opera . 
I suppose that is as outspoken as an expert on etiquette can dare become in digging the dirt with his agricultural implement instead of a spade . 
They are the acknowledged experts in negotiating competitive rates at hotels around the world , and savings of up to 20% can be achieved on many properties . 
She is an expert on how a low-calorie diet and exercise can beat cellulite and other weight problems . 
But military experts say the authorites can never get it right . 
Any secret can be pirated , the experts said , if it is transmitted over the air .
However , you are not likely to find bargains , and you should be aware that unless you are an expert , you can end up with a fake .
The members of the preservation group are very keen to improve their engineering expertise , and would be interested in hearing from any member who can offer advice . 
Their teeth and jaws can inflict such damage that an expert fisherman once told me never to put a finger in even a dead pikes ' mouth . 
` You 're an expert sailor , and that 's good because it means you can take the twins to sea and keep them there until they 're damn well cured . 
Children are swept along by waves of enthusiasm and some teachers are so expert at whipping up energy and commitment that they can even persuade children that a tables test is a great reward for good behaviour . 
It is a friendly , helpful organisation and you can always get assistance from more experienced people . 
It is true that occasionally experienced teachers can give good , seemingly spontaneous , teaching . 
One can enjoy moments of jawdropping violinistic mastery here , although Ricci 's tone is not especially cultivated . 
This can largely be avoided by careful handling , and many connoisseurs believe that a slight structural asymmetry adds to the rug 's overall character . 
Like a wine connoisseur who only has to sniff the vintage to know how good it is , a cat can learn all it wants to know without actually trying the food . 
You very soon become familiar with the layout of the hospital and its policies , and can perhaps identify one area where you might like to work permanently . 
The extent to which local advisers can undertake an objective evaluation of a school already familiar to them is one consideration . 
For many of these people , anxiety about money and about arranging credit can powerfully reinforce the general tendency to stick to credit arrangements they are familiar with , and avoid searching out new and perhaps better-value alternatives . 
Health - care providers should be very familiar with the perioperative management of type 1 diabetes ; with individualized insulin and glucose variable infusions , young patients affected by type 1 diabetes can undergo surgery with a minimal risk .
The razzmatazz of a US election can be an education for anyone not fully versed in politics the American way , but just how does the rather involved system work ? 
Night Goblin shamans are especially well-versed in fungus lore -- they know which mushrooms can be eaten safely , which to avoid , and which to use for their potions and brews . 
Now Liessa , the most skilled of my children , can barely imagine fifty rather nondescript creatures . 
Only a skilled community interpreter with teaching skills can teach community interpreting . 
Skilled ringers use their wrists to advance or retard the next swing , so that one bell can swap places with another in the following change .
Just as particularly skilful uses of language can be illustrated from literature , so deeper insights into literature can be afforded by a close examination of the language of a text . 
Directors and actors of radio plays who can not convey any part of the contents of the performance visually , are very skilful in the art of voice characterisation . 
No deal lasts for ever and not even the most skilful draftsman can cater for every eventuality when drawing up a service contract . 
The skilful dealer does all he can to maintain the illusion , by for example , saying reassuringly : " My clients ' interests are my own . " 
However , if you are unsure of what to do , do n't mess around for what could be a simple job for a trained engineer can turn into a nightmare if an inexperienced user starts to experiment . 
And thanks to the sophistication of modern cameras and film , automatic light metres and focusing , even the most inexperienced photographer can take a usable and very helpful picture . 
Even the most inexperienced nurse can contribute to the care of patients by being thoughtful and helpful to patients , relatives and colleagues . 
` You can see things going wrong in the company that you would n't have seen in any other way , " says EIS guru Bob Widener . 
Some deaf children are , however , very proficient at sign language and they can also spell out words using finger spelling . 
Close your eyes and practice thinking it over and over again in your mind until you become proficient at blocking out all other thoughts and ideas , and can achieve a level of deep calm and relaxation . 
The main emphasis therefore is on developing listening and speaking proficiency so that the language can be put to practical use straightaway . 
Okay , so you can improve your prowess at windsurfing . 
With a little imagination we can see our village bowmen , after a day on the butts retiring as many later sportsmen have done to refreshment at the Five Bells to talk over their prowess with the bow . 
These birds , which can reach speeds of more than 100mph , are known for their hunting prowess . 
These birds , which can reach speeds of more than 100mph , are known for their hunting prowess . 
` Cyril Pahinui is a real virtuoso with open tunings -- he can play modern jazz chords and everything . 
One can only suppose that the smiths at Igbo Ukwu enjoyed demonstrating their virtuosity . 
Our personas will be more or less realistic depending on how well we can identify their prototypes , and how linguistically adept we are at mimicking them . 
To an incoming Minister , who may owe his appointment more to adeptness in handling argument on paper or on the floor of the House of Commons , such inhibitions can come as an unwelcome surprise . 
Even rank amateurs can do it if they spend a few thousand dollars for a commercially available microwave receiver with amplifier and a VCR recorder .
An eight year-old who can beat a chess master is remarkable , though it would not be so remarkable if they were eighteen . 
This approach can foster dependency and feelings of incompetence on the part of the parents . 
Hon. Members can imagine how inept the Government must be to believe that overlooking a prison yard , floodlit day and night , would be conducive to the recuperation of neurosurgical patients . 
In the same way , girls ( as part of the same process ) can be socialized to assume a posture of physical ineptitude even when it may be inappropriate . 
The clinical teacher can become knowledgeable about a particular specialty , and will be aware of the demands of the ward . 
If the burden becomes too much and the responsibilities too great , one must always feel that one can turn to somebody who is more knowledgeable , or has broader shoulders and who will share the burden . 
It is not just a historic document of immense important , it is a fascinating insight into what a really great pianist can do to the music we all know so well . 
Dr _Gupto : The other thing Paula really important is that they talk a lot about the fact that our- we 're a lot better at taking care of patients now than we were in nineteen eighteen , we have a lot of ICUs a lot of ICUs in the hospital behind me that can take care of critically ill patients .
The kings ( or rather , queens ) of slave-owners are the Amazon ants , who are splendid at killing and enslaving other ants but have grown so dependent on their slaves that they can not dig their own nests , care for their young or even get their own food . 
But this can not fully explain the slowdown .
Pre - transitional European fertility can not be explained by the utility of children to their parents .
The noticeably high serum pepsinogen I concentration in the patients with chronic renal failure is consistent with previous reports and can be explained by its impaired renal clearance .
For the present , what is important is that the Watson-Crick structure does explain how DNA can carry information , and how it can replicate .
` Yes , which may upset her , as you can imagine , although at least it fully accounts for the bleeding .
From the point of view of explanation , moral and ideological features of social life can be treated as legitimizing devices which may facilitate but do not account for what is really going on .
Later firemen tackling the blaze were in danger from exploding canisters of acetylene and propane .
Early 1990s , According to the British Observer , the British government exported chemicals to Iran that can be used to manufacture weapons .
`` It was very , very important '' to compel Iraq to rid itself of weapons of mass destruction so that `` it can not use or export them to other countries , '' he told Associated Press Television News .
Do you think you can vent your temper on me just as you please ?
The American executive branch of the state is overwhelmingly staffed by the upper class ; Congress serves at most as a place in which dissident members of the upper class can air grievances .
Because of its spread of membership , it has retained value as a forum where a wide range of ideas and views can be aired for discussion .
Meetings need not be addressed by any one person although a specific topic can be aired for discussion if the group wishes .
Not all marriage problems can be aired by any means , and some are best resolved privately .
The journalists can ask their questions direct and can also air any grievances or problems in an informal atmosphere .
While the matter is under discussion ministers can air their views but once the matter is decided all members of the Government , whether within the cabinet or not , must support it .
the efficiency of representation of the data so that its particular features are succinctly expressed , and can easily be retrieved and analysed .
The argument for the appellants on this issue , expressed somewhat differently by their respective counsel , can be summarised as follows . 
It can often be brought into areas where they feel more willing to express an opinion by putting the problem in terms of comparative bets , using the notion of the equivalent urn . 
` I can only express our sympathy for the lady and I will bring this to my manager 's attention . 
Wail until you have calmed down enough so that you can voice your concerns and listen to his replies . 
However , it can be articulated with other histories , indeed is articulated , according to the overall but decentred totality of the particular mode of production .
They can articulate the instincts of dissidents in the language of the academy , and suggest ideas that bridge the gap between instinct and policy .
Rather the professional context again provides limited space where reforms can be articulated , particularly if their aim is to change one particular institution .
This year , that concern can be put into words by everyone who takes part .
The Tide tables can not be relied on for precise highs and lows of the tides .
THOSE three major eclipses can be held responsible for the tremendous highs and lows in your love life this year .
It can be a maximum of 28 alphanumeric characters , including spaces and the special characters “ . ” ,
THE law stipulates that on school days people under the age of 16 can work only a maximum of two hours .
Note , however , that you can only add a maximum of 10 modules to any one SPR .
The advantages of this arrangement are that the formalities and costs of insolvency are avoided and settlement can be made quickly and with minimum fuss .
FOR as long as most people can remember , the stocky figure , big head and proud , tight smile of Jordan 's King Hussein have symbolised stability in the wildness of the Middle East . 
A wide grin of delight had become a permanent fixture on his face , and Paul smiled at him in return as he cantered back to check the ox carts . 
` Can you hear it ? " he asked , his frown returning to mar the handsome features . 
Make sure students can see your lips , and facial expression . 
If you can manage that , and , come out with the right answer , then there 's a pretty good chance you 'll have a smirk on your face the next time the heavens open . 
` She says she can feel keys , " said Holly with a smirk . 
The companies rather lamely contend that the market determines fair prices and that the government 's demands can not be met since they do not track much of the data and do not sell directly to customers . 
The large differences show how one can retail one 's own eggs direct to the public at a fairer price and still make a worthwhile profit . 
The fair price of the stock index futures contract can be calculated in precisely the same way as with the other contracts . 
In essence , B's claim can be characterised as asserting that he has been denied the right to a fair criminal trial . 
Well I do n't think an ordinary school can really cope with a dyslexic child , and I do n't think it 's fair to expect them to do so . 
Even if the judge tries his best to be fair and unbiased , he can never be sure of his own motives .
You 'll find a full range of sports offered : from tennis , windsurfing , and waterskiing to snorkeling and diving — however it is fair to say that the underwater world so close to the capital can be disappointing .
You can survey the variety of goods available in Beijing ( from crafts and souvenirs to jewelry and carpets ) and determine their fair market prices by visiting the city 's most comprehensive department store for tourists , the Friendship Store , located well east of the Forbidden City ( at 17 Jianguomenwai Dajie ) .
It seems a bit unfair to people who can not afford to update their computer every 12 months . 
If a common agreement blankets all competitors , however , none can secure an unfair advantage by undercutting the labour standards . 
Gandhi claims that it can not be used in an unjust cause but what he might mean is that it should not be used in an unjust cause . 
We can not feel that such an arrangement is in any way unjust to you . 
An inequitable distribution of wealth , income and employment can result in future political instability . 
Mostly these are the best that can be managed in what is basically an inequitable relationship . 
However , if we look more deeply , we can see that this massive refinancing would be very inequitable . 
The best place to survey Cairo is from the top of the Cairo Tower where one can survey the whole teeming , colourful metropolis built upon the foundations of the legendary city of Babylon .
The legendary fox spirits of Japanese superstition , they can either assume human form or enter the living body of a man or woman , most often appearing as beautiful women in long white gowns .
Never having been to either West Lake Hills or Topanga , I can only go on the little Lemann gives us to grasp what makes a place `` truly hip , '' but let me go ahead and see if I do n't have the whole picture -- uh , upper-class , white , Protestant children with dreadlocks , tattoos , and nascent heroin addictions playing in bad rock bands named after legendary 1970s TV sitcoms ?
One telling detail about the firm 's legendary emphasis on teamwork : Employees have constant access to a database where they can input evaluations of their co-workers ' performance .
Her tragic story is believable , and one can say she is probably the quintessential legendary figure of the Chicano folk belief system .
We can easily , in fact , appreciate from our own familiar experience the whole spectrum from exceedingly poor vision to excellent vision .
They can join hordes of their sun - deprived brethren from Great Britain , Germany , and other countries , and enjoy an island vacation with a cheap place to stay , familiar food , glorious beaches , and a few day excursions thrown in for variety .
Anyway , best I can tell , EW claims this is the year for us to finally see some hot , new young stars have breakout performances , for some familiar faces to turn up in surprising roles , for a few unlikely onscreen couplings and more Matt Damon that anyone deserves .
The plot -- father comes to love adopted son -- is familiar ; the `` directorial style is unobtrusive and free of flourishes `` ( Elliott Stein , Village Voice ) . Director Jan Sverak `` really knows how to give it that warm , ironic Mittel Europa charm and subtlety , `` says Kevin Thomas in the Los Angeles Times . `` [ S ] entiment with sly political humor , `` says Joe Morgenstern of the Wall Street Journal . The Voice 's Stein predicts that it will become `` this year 's Il Postino . `` ( Miramax plugs Kolya at it s site , where you can download video and stills . )
It was also the time when the region was the homeland of the Canaanites and other tribes familiar from the Bible , which is still the best source of knowledge about ancient Israel .
We know Italy as only Italians can , and you can rest assured that the Citalia staff are experts in their chosen field -- Italian holidays .
Because these tales were not — as far as we know — collected in the Renaissance and because , like ballads and songs , they must have been subject to endless variation and mutual interference , we can not now know the Pedro de Urdemalas who endeared himself to the folk '' ( 218 ) .
By enmeshing two sets of grooves , films can be made to stick together , providing a re-usable airtight seal that needs no adhesive .
The kind of tactic which can work here is this : the adventurers bluff , say they 've left their invitation behind , retire downstairs , write an invitation , and seal the paper or vellum with an impressive wax seal which they then flourish at the Homunculi .
The kind of tactic which can work here is this : the adventurers bluff , say they 've left their invitation behind , retire downstairs , write an invitation , and seal the paper or vellum with an impressive wax seal which they then flourish at the Homunculi .
Finally , if you do n't already have one , beg , borrow or buy a Swiss Army knife -- with its corkscrew for wine bottles , bottle-opener for beer , can-opener for tins , knife to cut through the seal on metal whisky bottle-tops that revolve instead of snapping when you try to open them , screwdriver and wire-stripper for changing plugs ( and for removing insanity-inducing ticking clocks from the headboards of Stockholm hotel beds , etc ) , even a compass for navigating home in the small hours .
Well you can see for yourself on Friday , when we meet up with the main man on the golf course ; he 's full of fun and full of hope . 
Im tempted to try you againWind me up and let me spinAddiction 's not badIt 's a sinKnowing clearly what may becomeLet me go , Im doneYou 're full of lust , pride , greed and shameYou said no one can escape the painIn the quietI yearn to be in your silver pool of lightWith your arms wrapped around me in the deep nightIm tempted to try you againBut I think I 'll get the better of itWhen your at hand
How can they change it if they do n't know what you 're feeling ? 
We give them a chance to realize their own potential by giving them a place where they can develop a sense of competence , of usefulness , a sense of belonging and of influence .
We give them a chance to realize their own potential by giving them a place where they can develop a sense of competence , of usefulness , a sense of belonging and of influence .
You can not counterfeit forty years ' honest work , or get the same result by being a clever young man who prefers vanilla to orange or heliotrope to lavender perfume . 
Because they strive , but can never counterfeit the ease or inevitability of great soul ; are smart but never opulent , well-turned but never flamboyant . 
Blanche pretends to be so well brought up that she can not go in .
` I can not pretend that I shall ever like him , " said the lawyer .
It is hard for us to communicate back to a horse with body language , but we can simulate some of the horse 's actions .
If you can simulate attacking and being attacked , then you are far more likely to find out whether your tactics and movements are effective .
Most community fish come from tropical streams and backwaters , and if we simulate this habitat we can meet their needs and ours .
They can simulate the flashing effects of video game and TV screens and measure it 's effects on the brain .
If you have n't got a tremolo arm fitted on your guitar , then you can simulate the effect by playing one fret down and using a normal ` bend up " into the required note .
Edward is anointed with holy oil : he has the power of healing , they say ; he loves his chaplains and worships daily , prostrate , where he can be seen . 
You have the choice of being snooty and tutting at people sitting in their cars , packing their faces with hot dogs , or you can pack your own face with a hot dog before you set out . 
Traditional packing can be replaced with wool smeared with petroleum jelly ; some modern nonrising spindle taps have rubber ( or neoprene ) ` O'-ring seals which are easily replaced . 
If too big you can always stuff the toes . 
To demonstrate that learning and memory retention can be improved in animals injected with peptides and tested under highly contrived laboratory conditions is very different from showing that human memory can be helped by popping a pill . 
Unsealed wooden slatted shelves can be treated with caustic cleaner , left in prolonged contact and pressure jet rinsed or brushed vigorously with hot clean water . 
Too much tea and coffee can pump your system full of caffeine , making you tense and anxious . 
Window boxes and terrace pots can be designed and planted . 
In bathrooms , it 's advisable to tile walls other than those immediately above the bath -- excessive condensation looks unattractive and can shorten the life of the product . 
Officials also claim that Iran has produced bombs and artillery rounds filled with these agents , and that it can probably deploy chemical warheads on its long - range missiles .
They can take one of the following forms : 1- Steel pipes : Insert 4 inch pipes in the ground at 50 centimeters apart and a height of one meter then fill them with cement 2- Barrels : They are filled with cement and place around the building , especially at the entrance to prevent cars from crashing into it 3- Ditches : They are better than road bumps because they are harder to see .
They can no longer be just a box filled with gaming tables , restaurants , and a showroom .
Alternatively , you can varnish the wood or use a spray-can of car paint . 
Teenagers can embellish their denims with plaited braids and cords from Madeira 's Shoeshines . 
Hamilton has been the surprise packet of the championships , but his 21-17 win over Ronnie Garland -- who is the reigning indoor pairs champion -- proves that he can not be underestimated . 
That recent moment of glory , the Benson and Hedges Cup win at Lord 's in 1987 , can now be seen to have been illusory . 
Ards can start with a win over Collegians while newly promoted Knock will be hoping to get something from their trip to Civil Service team . 
He struck form with a vengeance towards the backend with easy wins at Ascot and Newbury and can outspeed Newton Point , an impressive winner here last month . 
Among the earliest souvenirs to be hawked to the victorious Allied troops who marched into Beirut on 8 October 1917 was a horrific picture postcard , old copies of which can still be found in the antiquarian bookshop that sells the David Roberts lithographs on Makhoul Street . 
The females can literally smell success , and will only mate with a victorious male . 
James , winner of almost £102,000 this season , said : “ I can not remember playing golf as good as that for four rounds , ” he commented . 
Select your award winners and you can join in our £40,000 draw 
It can be hoped that Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez will draw the right conclusion from his narrow election victory Sunday .
Luton Town is slipping down the table however ; they lost at Coventry in mid-week and went down one nil at home to Norwich this afternoon , Sherwood on target for the Canaries .
i keep hoping to win the lotto for i can do all these things you know
It could take at least five days before the fire can be brought under full control .
Can you make bonfires , Jimmy , building a cradle first so that there 's air to help the fire get started ? ''
You can cut it up into little pieces , sprinkle it with holy water and make a bonfire , going three times round it widdershins -- ''
` But , as for these &hellip; '' with a gesture of contempt she held up the copies of the agreement ` &hellip; there 's no way in the world I 'm going to sign these , so you can make a bonfire with them , if you like ! ''
High expansion foams can control fires in high-racked storages very effectively , but they are , by their nature , total- flooding agents .
Fire crews tackling the blaze were hampered by exploding gas canisters .
Later firemen tackling the blaze were in danger from exploding canisters of acetylene and propane .
Later firemen tackling the blaze were in danger from exploding canisters of acetylene and propane .
Even married couples working for the same firm can be fired if the boss can prove that their relationship makes their employment impractical , or that it is against company policy . 
`` No under-aged workers will be terminated before the survey can be completed and until the appropriate school programs for the workers can be put in place , '' the accord said .
The Tien Chi , first test - fired in 1997 , is a solid - fueled , two - stage missile with a 300 km range that can reach China 's southeastern coast .
The main thing to cut is saturated fat which can cause high blood cholesterol levels , leading to clogged up arteries and potentially a heart attack or stroke . 
The principal aim seems to be to find out how far it can be extended . 
Among the Board 's principal aims is to provide the leadership that can negotiate a further reduction in betting tax to help put racing on a firm financial footing . 
If charged by a powerful enemy they can turn and flee away , hopefully regrouping for a later return . 
" We can imagine that in the confusion of flight something precious , something which he could not bear to part with , had been left behind .
When the switching transistor is turned off the phase current can continue to flow through the path provided by the freewheeling diode and freewheeling resistance . 
The latex , flowing to the site of the wound , drips harmlessly to the ground and the beetle then munches the leaf tissues beyond the cut which the latex can not reach . 
Undo the coupling slightly so water can trickle into the container , and open the air vent to increase the flow rate . 
One bullet in the wrong place can cripple you for life or send your blood gushing on to the pavement . 
The gas , which seeps out of the earth from underground uranium deposits , can collect in dangerous concentrations in some houses . 
Overdone , it can create an unstable , flour-like tilth which will turn to porridge and pan in wet weather , preventing water from percolating to the subsoil . 
We can feel the blood coursing through our veins again . 
Human relationships can not usually be kept within neat bounds by both partners , but tend to spill over in deep emotions of pain and anger .
Most of us appreciate the beauty that birds can bring to the garden , but when they spoil our fruit and vegetables they become less desirable garden visitors . 
It 's the party season , so Louise Pickford takes our favourite winter fruits and gets cracking with the nuts to produce a selection of Christmas canapés and two delicious dishes 
Howler monkeys can detoxify several chemicals that many other New World monkeys can not : unlike others , they can also eat unripe fruits . 
The peel of citrus fruits can also be dried or candied . 
More pleasantly , you can browse among lanes of antiques , flowers , herbs , fruit , goldfish , songbirds , and more .
Five red apples I can see 
Grated apple or mashed banana can also add natural sweetness . 
Recent studies have shown that the risk of developing gastric cancer can be reduced by eating green and yellow vegetables frequently , perhaps because vitamins A and C may give potential protection from carcinogens . 
Quick-growing root vegetables such as radishes and carrots which grow out of sight can be compared for size when they are pulled at various times . 
Mung beans are very small green beans that can easily be sprouted at home for use as a salad vegetable . 
You can boil meat , potatoes , pasta or rice , make a stew or soup in the base pan , steam your vegetables in the steamer and simmer your gravy or sauce in the porringer on top . 
I ate three small carrots and was half-way through a can of sardines when I noticed a sea shell in the sand almost beneath me . 
I peeled a carrot and opened a can of sardines . 
Bake with mushrooms and serve with creamy mashed potato for an easy , delicious comfort meal which can make dinner-party fare , too , for discerning guests . 
Can you buy marrowfat peas over here ? 
Previously frozen meat can be refrozen as long as it has been cooked , but do n't recook anything more than twice . 
For those determined to stick to home cooking , you can still get roast beef , gravy , chips , salad , ice-cream , beer and coffee -- all for Pounds 2.70 . 
You can enjoy yourself with beautiful smoked salmon and olives or soup , followed by roast lamb and a few spuds from the garden , French beans , or whatever . 
While few of us are so lucky , we can enjoy the flavour of fresh fish by simply cooking them whole . 
If you can get up early enough , you can attend the pre-dawn auction held at the vast local wholesale fish market ; otherwise , have a look at the street market that goes on later in the day .
With a little imagination and the help of Alaska canned salmon , there are many delicious lowcalorie meals you can create and enjoy . 
Here , perhaps , green consumerism can try to get us to eat tuna that has been caught in a wildlife-friendly way ! 
For one freshly boiled , medium large ( about 1 ½ lb. ) hen lobster or langouste ( if you are boiling the creature at home , you can always add the large goblet of Madeira called for in the original recipe ) , the ingredients for the sauce are 2 small shallots , a heaped teaspoon of tarragon leaves , 2 tablespoons of chopped parsley , salt , pepper , a scant teaspoon of strong yellow French mustard , 24 to 30 drops of soy sauce , approximately 6 tablespoons of mildly fruity Provence olive oil , the juice of half a rather small lemon , 1 teaspoon of anisette de Bordeaux . 
It can , but does not necessarily , mean paddling down the Orinoco alone , with a two week ration of half a ship 's biscuit and some rancid coconut milk . 
Premature babies are more susceptible to illness in the first days of life than full-term babies , and being fed exclusively on breast milk can help them in the fight against infection . 
You can now if you like add a tablespoon or two of finely grated Gruyère or Parmesan cheese , just as a seasoning . 
Dried fruit , such as sultanas , and finely grated hard cheese can save these birds at a time when they are unable to find their usual insect food . 
` Of course you can have a boiled egg if that 's what you want . " 
It can also be found in plant sources such as soya , broccoli , baked beans , almonds , brazil nuts , dried figs , and dried apricots . 
Nuts can be eaten in moderation , but not cashew nuts as they are rich in carbohydrate . 
But up to one per cent of European ` sweet " almonds can be bitter , and bitter almonds are grown specifically . 
The roux should be cooked and stirred gently until all traces of the flour taste have been removed and the resultant thick sauce can be poured over the mussels and the cooked pasta . 
You can get all the nutrients you need from other dietary sources : treat yourself to pasta , wholewheat spaghetti , brown noodles , rice , couscous or a filled jacket potato . 
The aromatic herbs such as basil , lemon verbena , myrtle and pelargonium can also contribute a lot to the garden 's beauty . 
More pleasantly , you can browse among lanes of antiques , flowers , herbs , fruit , goldfish , songbirds , and more .
If you can not afford saffron , use turmeric , but you will miss the delicate fragrance of the Spanish spice . 
The leaves can be pickled in brine ( sometimes with added hot Szechuan spices ) and served with pork dishes . 
These should include mild and hot peppers ( the jalapeño pepper is not for the faint hearted ) , and tomato sauces for tacos which can also be used for many other dishes . 
I can use all these peppers up as well . 
An enormous bowl of mussels cooked in a delicious liquor with celery , onion , parsley and plenty of black pepper can be had for about £4 . 
Many high-fibre fruits and vegetables , nuts and dry breakfast cereals ( shredded wheat , for instance , as opposed to porridge ) need a good deal of chewing before they can be comfortably swallowed . 
The success of JS in this area was recognised at the ` Britain Can Make It " exhibition when , in the Printing and Packaging Section , our coffee berries and semolina packs were selected as outstanding examples . 
Gordon 's favours Umbrian juniper berries -- and the Scarponis , who have been harvesting juniper for Gordon 's for over 40 years , use their local knowledge to find the very best juniper Umbria can offer . 
I have to look at the snappers , then we 'll munch our asparagus rolls and you can tell me about Eva . " 
As you can see , there 's not a lot of room for ice cream , crispy pancakes or TV dinners . 
Israeli children eat these pancakes during Hanukkah in December but you can make them at any time of the year . 
The first 150 names drawn after November 17 will each receive a McVities Low Fat Cheesecake voucher which can used to buy a Low Fat Cheesecake at your nearest stockist . 
You can brown roasts or bake golden pastries perfectly , in a fraction of the time . 
No-one can resist these huge gooey cookies . 
It can , but does not necessarily , mean paddling down the Orinoco alone , with a two week ration of half a ship 's biscuit and some rancid coconut milk . 
" And if you can chop wood , I can make biscuits . " 
Oh you can make some biscuits as well . 
A spoonful of sweetener helps the calories go down -- replace one teaspoon of sugar with a teaspoon of Canderel Spoonful , a granular sweetener , and you 'll save 18 calories . 
• Fruit that 's sharp can be sweetened up with artificial sweetener or sprinkle cinnamon on grapefruit instead of sugar . 
We are offering 200 free copies of Sweet Thoughts , by Rosamond Richardson ( Martin Books , £9.95 ) , a super selection of delicious dessert recipes using Canderel , a low-calorie sweetener made with Nutrasweet . 
Canderel is made with NutraSweet so , unlike some saccharin sweeteners , it does n't have a bitter aftertaste . 
Obviously you would need to sweeten this unless you have very eccentric taste buds -- but saccharin sweeteners can do the job without calorie cost making it an acceptable drink . 
It can be varied by the addition of freshly chopped herbs , mustard powder , lemon juice or garlic , or indeed by using a nut oil or a flavoured vinegar . 
Then he fetched a mug and a can of hot coffee . 
Conversely , emotional or mental problems can arise from a physical cause , as was the case with the victim of the instant coffee , and this is even less likely to be recognized by orthodox practitioners . 
Your baby will love the taste -- and you can be happy in the knowledge that Robinsons concentrated juices are giving them the goodness that they need . 
If you can not stomach orange juice ( it might be too acidic ) try apple juice or tomato juice . 
Alternatively , stir the honey and vinegar into a 400g ( 14oz ) can of pear halves in natural juice . 
I say semi - processed because wine is not the mass - produced , machine - made , processed food that orange juice is , so the winemaker can not interfere as much with the process .
because you can you can put it on top of the stove and do this and and there 's so much broth and juice in there that it has to uh soak up into the rice all day long in order for it to uh uh to come out fluffy and and nice
yeah we we have a real nice cafeteria we can go to that anytime during the day and it 's always it is always nice to go down there and get a coffee or a tea or a juice
The trimmings can go into a stock for the beet soup . 
In addition , the clients can buy hot homemade soup over the counter . 
They can only eat soup . " 
You can also make up a book of spells and write spells on a piece of paper , or even a menu for witches ' stew . 
` But of course -- my wife says that we anthropologists are like a housewife faced with the remains of yesterday 's stew and wondering whether it can possibly be eked out to make another meal . " 
You can boil meat , potatoes , pasta or rice , make a stew or soup in the base pan , steam your vegetables in the steamer and simmer your gravy or sauce in the porringer on top . 
In the store cupboard , he found a can of beef stew and dumped it in a saucepan to heat . 
A tomato sauce can be completely changed by two or three minutes more or less of reduction or concentration by steady simmering . 
This means that you can follow a delicate vegetable terrine with a composed salad , or artichoke vinaigrette with a bowl of mussels . 
Everything is sold here , from clothing to souvenirs to electronic goods , and the market is known for its street-side food stalls , where you can dine inexpensively on seafood .
The more abstemious can stick to Portuguese mineral water .
Insects can be gathered not only from their nests and tunnels , but from the air .
So now we can all go down to pick blackberries and winkleberries and puckleberries and muckleberries and twinkleberries and snozzberries to our heart 's content .
You can not harvest a durian , but the first person to reach a fallen fruit , even on another 's land , may claim it .
Many Welsh cockle beds are licensed but anyone can harvest the Ferryside bed .
Once he 's harvested the wheat crop , there 's still the beans , which can not be cut because of the rain .
The problem can be very acute where a UK intermediate holding company holds shares in foreign companies , and dividends are paid to the foreign parent .
An adviser said : ` We do not see why we should allow foreign lotteries to take the money when it can be used for the benefit of Britain . "
Weapons programs can be based on indigenous ( i.e. , domestic ) production capabilities , or they can rely on foreign supplies and technologies .
While countries may seek to develop all of these capabilities on an independent , indigenous basis , they can and often do seek some inputs from foreign sources .
A World Trade Organization ( WTO ) appeals panel Thursday ruled that although the United States can continue with its restrictions on internet gambling , some of the rules imposed by the country were discriminatory to foreign operators .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
Alternatively , the firm can choose to set up a local operation and simply ` clone " the domestic business in the foreign country .
These estimates could be somewhat accelerated or easily delayed dependent upon a host of international and domestic factors that can not be accurately predicted .
You can do this through the many Hall and Department associations , through clubs and groups at home and abroad .
As long as we are aliens , we can not forget our true homeland .
Thus collectors can get back to the sound of the original master-tape far more closely than would be possible with any 1955 disc , let alone a forgery of one . 
A wide range of scientific methods can be usefully employed to unmask fakes and fraudulent restorations , in much the same way that forensic methods are used in criminal investigations . 
However , you are not likely to find bargains , and you should be aware that unless you are an expert , you can end up with a fake .
I will reaffirm that I can not condone the use of cannabis , nor for that matter daily watching more than 5 hours of TV .
It can not simply be assumed that a parent who is present at the injury of their child has condoned it .
Trade unionists can not condone the use of violence in this or any industrial dispute situation .
Can it be that you condone his actions ?
Total abstinence from any sweeteners can cure a sweet tooth permanently -- which is much better in the long term . 
Nor does it mean that failure to achieve total abstinence from all potentially mood-altering substances and behaviours means that one can not achieve a considerable measure of recovery . 
My mum does n't have a clue where he is and says she does n't think she can divorce him because of this for all we know he could be dead . 
Peggy did not move , but after a moment of silence she said , ` I can divorce him . 
September 12 : Buckingham Palace dismisses as ` speculation " reports that the Queen 's lawyers are investigating how Charles and Diana can divorce without affecting the accession to the throne . 
The Tanzanian Wildlife Department is negotiating a contract with a Botswana company for the annual culling of 2,000 hippopotamuses in order to harvest their canine and incisor teeth , which can be used as an ivory substitute . 
What one can take from the 1993 Biennial exhibition at the Whitney Museum of American Art is a sense of what certain critics consider important and a sense of the direction in which the Whitney is headed . 
We can easily lose an inch or more in height as we go about our normal daily activities . 
This can be accomplished by weekly or fortnightly review sessions , either with staff members individually , or in a group with other therapists . 
Faults occur at less frequent intervals and this means that human maintenance expertise can deteriorate through lack of practice . 
Negotiating about standards , especially when there is some disparity between apparently similar dischargers , though an infrequent event , can be one of the field man 's trickiest tasks . 
Then come the children for whom the nightly forage produces not only improvised toys but anything which can conceivably be sold to raise a bit of cash . 
Occasional hurricanes can spoil the idyllic climate and contribute to this `` laid back '' attitude : Jamaicans are aware that circumstances can suddenly alter dramatically and yet life will always carry on .
The formation of varices at the mucocutaneous junctions of small or large bowel stomas in patients with portal hypertension can be a source of massive or recurrent haemorrhage . 
The vagueness of some of the " Activities " tends to cause recurring difficulty , and I can only assume that Durant and Fabb have their own ways of making them work . 
If you 're a serious investor and can shell out a little over £300 without grimacing then the weekly service makes much more sense , particularly as this also offers a telephone message updated daily . 
Occasional hurricanes can spoil the idyllic climate and contribute to this `` laid back '' attitude : Jamaicans are aware that circumstances can suddenly alter dramatically and yet life will always carry on .
2- A bachelor can have a vacation by rotation for five days every month .
I too know the risks , including the common claim that we can always in principle translate from `` intentional talk '' to the fully predictive causal account of the events in question .
Bonito , amberjack , barracuda , and shark can be caught in these waters all year ; huge sailfish , tuna , and several species of marlin are most common between March and June ; and in the winter months shoals of grouper and jewfish abound .
While we know from his writings that he often composed with a tonal centers and relationships in mind , and that he regularly applied tonal structures and forms to his compositions , by merely glancing at any one of his pieces we can see that tonality as it is understood in the common practice period is not at work .
That may be a rather spectacular and extravagant way of showing his disdain for factual knowledge erm which no doubt can go too far . 
If parsimony stems from waste , so generosity can flow from a frugal husbandman . 
It does not make sense to squander important resources that the nation can ill afford to lose . 
A part of this can be credited to the team 's frugality . 
The people who can benefit most directly from your generosity have no time to waste .
Well , fortunately , new ground has been broken by some of our novelists , ground which can be husbanded by new writers . 
There is , after all , something of a biblical precedent for this point of view ; if the Church can not husband its talents wisely , its spiritual harvest will be correspondingly small . 
That way , we shall save her a great deal of pain , and she can husband her strength for when she needs to push the baby out . " 
One particular bedroom is so spacious it can accommodate up to four people and full of atmosphere , with an unusual brick vaulted ceiling .
Dr _Gupto : The problem though at any given time eighty to ninety percent of those ICU rooms are full so we just do n't have the surge capacity and that 's going to cost lots and lots of money to create a health system where we can take care not only of the ill now but the ill that might come in with a pandemic Paula .
In January 2004 , a delegation of American private citizens confirmed that the cannisters in the temporary storage pond were empty .
The campus also can serve as a community forum , sponsoring public lectures by authorities on issues in the news .
The presence of multiple potential protein-docking sites in some EPKs allows them to serve as scaffolding molecules around which a protein complex can assemble [ 4 , 5 , 8 ] .
These regions serve specific functions in molecular processes , e.g. , several 5 ' UTRs of mRNA transcripts are mRNA stability determinants [ 1 2 ] . Thus they can display sequence and/or secondary structure signatures and these defined segments can be more useful than using entire gene sequences for annotations .
2. `` If it can prevent children or other New Yorkers from being maimed , disfigured , or killed , it will serve its purpose . ''
THE sight of a frustrated Jim McLean gesticulating to his players from the touchline can be amusing in normal circumstances . 
Every finisher gets a commemorative piece of horse brass , while higher places can expect to take home vouchers and a variety of other prizes . 
We get our horses from a dealer and if they are good horses to learn on we buy them if we can afford them . 
Secondly , I get another dollop of money , if I can put it like this , for Home Care right across the county . 
` But the main question is , how can I help you get back your notes ? " 
If I can get all of the information today , I can tell you this afternoon .
Kids like Tommie J . , made a ward of the court because of repeated beatings by an alcoholic father ; Alice , sent to a group home to get help because of severe behavior disorders ; and John H . , a recovering alcoholic , rebuilding a relationships with his family so they can live together again .
We can 't arrest without her evidence , that is clear , so the sooner we get a statement the better . "
In extremis we can obtain new progenoids slowly through testslaves . 
The tagged LOB corpus can now be obtained by academic researchers throughout the world . 
Tickets can also be obtained from the Ski Club Meltdown office at 77 Church Road , Hove , East Sussex , BN3 2BB . 
We need additional confidence that China 's statements and actions will be sufficient for us to defend a certification of that kind ... we want to be sure that we 've done all we can to obtain the maximum level of cooperation from China on this subject. [ US Department of State , Daily Press Briefing , 14 October 1997 . ]
It was only with the political readjustments which followed Edward IV 's return from exile in 1471 that Gloucester can really be said to have acquired an independent power base . 
The trust can then acquire shares in Newco and hold these for the benefit of employees of Newco and Target . 
` Even now museums can acquire important medieval tapestries " , says William D. Wixom , Chairman of the Metropolitan Museum of Art 's Department of Medieval Art and the Cloisters . 
It is an aim that Legent recognises it can not realise alone , and it will duly continue along the path of strategic acquisitions to broaden both its human and technological asset base .
Acquisitions of shares by concert party members can have a direct bearing on the value and form of the consideration to be offered under the bid .
This can be an attractive , cost-effective method for an overseas buyer to finance the acquisition of goods , usually larger items of capital equipment .
The acquisition and creation of these various weapon systems can also be seen as a response to Iran 's own experience as a victim of chemical and missile attacks during the Iran - Iraq War .
" I join in it because there is no other way in the world by which justice can be gained .
It can come as a shock if one sees the tiny scale of monsters or creatures that appear quite huge on-screen . 
The ` Do you remember when ? " stories can be so important in getting to know the person who has died , in hearing about how he or she appeared to their surviving family and friends . 
The test appeared to be Iran 's message to the international community that it can not and will not be bullied .
Reduced gradient from whatever cause appears to be important , and therefore , anastomosing reaches of a river can be evidence of tectonic activity .
It appears you can not .
The channel segments can be straight , meandering , or braided , and they appear to span the range of channel types .
The myriad interactions of a boundaryless career over a lifetime of work experiences can appear overwhelming .
You can appreciate now that he was unconscious , but in those minutes it looked more terminal . 
And can you imagine what the Harris Tweed lounge covers look like after a free range toddler has snacked and sicked up its holiday treats ? 
The offer would seem at first sight to be an extremely generous one , but those who make it know it can not be accepted . 
The intruder is able to recognise the owner because it smells the same as its mark , and so can decide whether to challenge for ownership or simply move on . 
Also , hormonal changes during the month can alter the chemistry of a perfume on our skin , so what smells great today may be decidedly ` iffy " by next Thursday . 
Cous-cous , dates rolled in coconut and half a cantaloupe that smelled a bit beyond its prime until I cut it open . 
Tapwater is safe by can taste odd . 
Again , I do not have all of the information for July and August , so I can not give you any numbers .
Please give the largest gift you can to Goodwill today .
Helping where it can , the company has sponsored a coach trip to an Ayrshire match and recently donated a prize to one of the club 's many fund raising activities -- all in aid of the kids . 
Instructions can be left by those who wish to donate their bodies for research , although these do not have to be followed by the executors . 
The hand-out can be given out at the beginning of the learning session and used as a basis for teaching . 
Please give the largest gift you can to Goodwill today .
Here even window shopping is a pleasure if you ca n't afford to treat yourself , or you can hunt out a less extravagant purchase amongst the cities ' colourful markets and larger department stores .
` Let's go and have a drink , then you can treat me to a celebratory dinner ! "
Instead of giving your mum chocolates ( or cake as they did in those days ) , you could treat her to a special melon basket , which can be prepared the day before .
` In this way everyone can contribute towards and share in the future of Wearside , " says Wright .
b ) Trade unionists can contribute their expertise on company organisation and staff relations to such activities as Mini-Enterprise .
With a promising new job at a plastic injection molding manufacturer , his legal troubles in check and a safe place to live , Jerry can get on with the business of building a life for himself and contributing to his community .
Benefits such as ` death in service '' benefits and discretionary payments from personal schemes payable by your employer can not be left by will .
The many-to-many relationship between the entity PARENT and the entity CHILD is 2:n ( that is , each child has two parents ) ; but a PARENT can beget more than one CHILD . 
They can be easily spawned under the right conditions -- which are neutral pH and soft to medium-hard water . 
The cows are particularly milky and can give high ratios of calf weaning weight to cow weight ; they calve easily and have retained the Highland 's strong mothering instinct . 
Goatlings can be inseminated as well as goats which have kidded before . 
Each hen can lay up to thirty eggs but deposits each one in a different pit . 
It is not that I have no reason to submit to the moral law and can do as I please ; I am left with no reason even to do as I please .
The edge of the main blade can also be used as a hacking tool to clear vegetation or cut through tree roots . 
To help its VAX or Mips users move to Alpha platforms , DEC has developed binary translation tools which can recompile programs for Alpha without using source code , to which customers may not have access . 
Sometimes the large apparatus can be left outside , always ready for use . 
Can I borrow your writing device ? 
It has an external control unit , which can be sited up to 30 metres from the detector , and an automatic prism wiping device . 
This can be done by providing a storage device in the control unit , called the index register ( or B-line on the Manchester computer ) . 
Someone invents a scrambler device so people can use their Cellnet phones without the opposition listening in . 
Here are some sample questions and answers ; as you can see , they do n't know much , and lack the mental equipment for intuitive or imaginative leaps . 
The board can also be used for incline/decline work with barbells and dumb-bells , and does not have to be regarded only as a piece of equipment for exercising the stomach . 
This system is laborious , and if the fencing equipment is not carefully maintained , stock can break out with disastrous results . 
Injected into closed ‘ steam chests ’ at atmospheric pressure for 10 minutes after the temperature reaches 96°C it can disinfect milking equipment , churns and other items . 
After a 15-day consultation period with the commission and Denmark ends on 3 April , if Denmark continues to broadcast , the Government can issue an order making advertising and decoding equipment a criminal offence . 
I think I can see electrical equipment in here , bigger than anything I 've ever seen before . 
We can see this idea expressed in international relations between states : the USA could not defeat Vietnam despite the fact that in terms of military equipment the USA had the most powerful weapons . 
The Tube is an interesting piece of equipment which can be used for at least six different purposes . 
Unlike nuclear or chemical weapons , biological weapons can be made with readily available materials or equipment .
QN : Can nuclear weapons be made with readily available materials or equipment ?
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
It 's a normal American house with all the gadgets technology can dream ( except a gadget for making happiness ) . 
Natural gas is a safe fuel , but did you know your gas appliances can give off a poisonous gas which can kill ? 
Over-use of hot air appliances can contribute to drying out the hair . 
By law , the only people who can work on , or fit , gas appliances must be registered with CORGI , the Council for Registered Gas Installers . 
If so , you can hive off washing machine , dryers , ironing equipment and probably cleaning appliances and accessories , which is a great help when you are short of space . 
You can also get a loan for the cost of reconnection of fuel supply after a debt has been paid , and for essential household equipment such as a cooker or heating appliance . 
Individual heating appliances such as gas convectors can be controlled by thermostats and time switches just as effectively as a central heating system , and will obviously cost less to install . 
In the way of household appliances Joan Hubbard has a single tub washing machine ( one that can not rinse or dry the clothes ) , a vacuum cleaner and a fridge . 
From inside the vast atrium you can view the whole structure as well as the mechanical workings of the building .
The acquisition and creation of these various weapon systems can also be seen as a response to Iran 's own experience as a victim of chemical and missile attacks during the Iran - Iraq War .
Taiwan is currently developing the Tien Chi , a short-range ballistic missile system that can reach the coast of China .
First , the mature miRNA can be derived from either arm of a given stem-loop , and many predicted pre-miRNAs fold well on either strand .
You can catch one of Hong Kong 's historic trams along Des Voeux Road and ride from Central to Causeway Bay ( see box , page 66 ) .
At any time before that , either party can back out .
At any time before that , either party can back out .
We see a flash of the porter 's face , and can tell he is fearful , and apologetic for the near accident .
The hotel is very near to the beach ; indeed , its marine view , as far as Rainbow can tell , is its only conceivable virtue .
You can find out more about the sites to visit at your nearest Tourist Information Centre or English Heritage property .
I was the closest to being happy that I can remember ; my escape was in sight .
" I 'm sorry , " she was saying in an icy tone about as distant from an apology as one can go .
This can be seen by comparing the amplitude of the Ca 2+current during the test pulse in traces 1 , 2 , and 3 , corresponding to pre-pulse potentials to -70 mV , +30 mV , and +60 mV , respectively .
Furthermore , pre-pulse potentials larger than +30 mV did not promote additional inactivation , which can be seen by comparing traces 2 and 3 in the γ 1 het and γ 1 null cells .
Of the six principal photointermediates present in bR , four can be discerned from the time-dependent visible absorbance traces from pR in fig .
The fact that the rational expectations hypothesis is a free-standing set of criteria which can be applied to a wide variety of macroeconomic models was rarely grasped by early Keynesian critics .
The fact that the rational expectations hypothesis is a free-standing set of criteria which can be applied to a wide variety of macroeconomic models was rarely grasped by early Keynesian critics .
The economic causes of the war constituted but one dimension of a process which can only be grasped by a multi-causal approach .
Even at the primary stage , it has been shown that children can often grasp that a country house contains material that has accumulated over a long period .
A people which grasps its sense of nationality with pleasure and love can always celebrate its rebirth .
One can scarcely comprehend a hand-chiselled stollen being taken right through to the water -- no drill holes to probe ahead and no explosives to blast the last few feet away .
And how many people can comprehend a George Harrison not even out of his teens when The Beatles had their first Number One ?
It simplifies life so that the mind can comprehend itself better .
Nobody can really comprehend or imagine such a large number , and we just think of this degree of improbability as synonymous with impossible .
` I can well comprehend your daughter 's being upset but , I assure you , I would have given a great deal to prevent it .
A new type of knowledge , Said contends , must be produced that can analyse plural objects as such rather than offering forms of integrated understanding that simply comprehend them within totalizing schemas .
Urban life for him demanded a more human scale , a city like Durham or Bristol , a place that one can comprehend as a city .
Rommetveit does not believe that we can understand meaning by paring an utterance down to its ` core meaning " and then following up variations on it , as the formal linguists are attempting to do .
These developments can be understood only in the context of the long continued debate between two sides concerning the nature of intelligence , one captained by Sir Francis Galton , the other by Alfred Binet .
All I can understand from that is that it must be a universal image .
Clearly , the fact that ethnic minority parents do not request help can not be taken to mean that they fully understand the information they receive .
On the basis of this scientific fact you can readily understand why many doctors have for years discouraged overweight people from eating carbohydrate-rich foods .
But we do not readily understand the subtle nuances of meaning and expression which members of the same species can communicate to each other .
Another of the experiments demonstrated how important it is , if punishment is to work , for children to understand clearly what they are doing wrong and what alternative actions they can choose .
I understand from Janine that you or Patti can provide me with the detail that I need .
But there 's something in Inspector Baynes which I can 't quite understand . "
There must be a point beyond which no set of built-in computer-like elements can suffice to account for an animal 's apparent grasp of its situation , particularly in the face of variable or unpredictable environmental contingencies .
I do n't see how they can work for the Royal Family , either .
Ca n't see what she sees in her cousins though can you ?
People do n't mind paying for good software because they can see the benefits of using it . "
The acquisition and creation of these various weapon systems can also be seen as a response to Iran 's own experience as a victim of chemical and missile attacks during the Iran - Iraq War .
" We can now see a reason for the disappearance of Garcia 's household .
Subjects for new , and often short-lived , chants often reflect ` in jokes " which , because they are totally unintelligible to the opposition fans , can be used to create confusion among them .
The activities of delinquent fans might be more intelligible if they can be related to particular roles and positions with respect to other fans .
However , this is only a manifesto , and unless it can be implemented Althusser will have failed in his task of rendering Marx intelligible through Marxist philosophy .
It is Scottish Opera policy to present their operas in English , and while this can make lengthy recitatives comprehensible to those of us whose Italian is less than fluent , I can see no other advantage .
But as a use of language , as an utterance , presented like this in isolation , it is quite incomprehensible , because we can not attach any meaning to it .
A great deal of jargon and many technical terms are used by archaeologists , and they can make excavation reports fairly incomprehensible .
It could be that we are fatally drawn to the mysterious : the water is that which we can not fathom , the unfathomable .
Now in the carp 's case , it matters very little how hard the food is because its pharyngeal teeth are designed to grind the food into a pulp which can then enter the digestive tract or gut . 
Since jade can not be flaked , like flint and obsidian , it could only be shaped by grinding it with sand on a piece of wood for weeks or months . 
If you 're quick , you can grind all the maize in about two hours . 
They can be ground in a mill , but should first be roasted in a frying pan . 
Children can either take remedies as a powder by crushing the pill between two clean teaspoons , or dissolved in a little clean , fresh water in a glass . 
Using exceptionally sharp teeth , the hippos can crunch up both dugout canoes and their occupants . 
It leaves hair in fabulous condition , with no perm odour and you can even wash your hair the same day , without affecting curl formation . 
At the sanctuary , one can also indulge in steam baths , pedicure and manicures and mud baths .
5 You can take the Braun Plaque Remover on holiday -- one night of recharging gives you a good 10 days of power if you brush your teeth twice a day for two minutes .
One of the more unexpected erotic ointments can apparently be made from mixing lard with crushed and strained garlic . 
Almost any flavouring can be added -- from garlic , parsley and grated lemon zest to anchovy paste or finely minced black truffle . 
This basic recipe can be adapted by adding grated lemon or orange rind , or four pieces of chopped stem ginger just before freezing . 
Rhino penises can fetch as much as $700 on the open market , while powdered horn is prescribed for everything from high blood pressure to fevers , nose bleeds and insomnia . 
Many high-fibre fruits and vegetables , nuts and dry breakfast cereals ( shredded wheat , for instance , as opposed to porridge ) need a good deal of chewing before they can be comfortably swallowed . 
In the front of the borders where I can reach , I grow my vegetables , annuals and low-growing perennials in patches rather than in rows .
I am no farmer , or perhaps I could understand how wheat and potatoes can be grown at the same time in Ireland .
You can even grow herbs in containers throughout the winter .
Raising more roses by seed can be a very frustrating business , or they can seed themselves with the efficiency and enthusiasm of weeds .
A greenhouse offers an unparalleled opportunity to extend both the season of growing and variety of plants you can raise .
The heat necessary for raising and growing tender plants and crops can be provided by solid fuel , oil , gas or electricity .
Lola can breathe life back into her injured dad , whose illicit love affair is viewed as if it were a fuzzy video on a tired afternoon soap opera .
Her long hair was gathered and twisted into a topknot , much like the style affected by the acrobatic cancan dancers of Paris . 
A new hairstyle is enough to give you a new lease of life but there are n't many of us who can afford to go to the hairdressers every week -- let alone every day . 
The only person you can discuss work with is your direct commander ( Amir ) , unless you are asked to do otherwise or if your work demands participation of others , and then through guidance of the leadership .
An advanced weapons program would require the capability to manufacture tritium , a radioactive gas that can be used to enhance the explosive power of nuclear weapons , for fabrication of boosted - yield weapons .
Determining how many nuclear weapons a country can produce with a given amount of fissile material requires knowing the technological sophistication of the country and the explosive yield of the weapons .
One can have success and the elegance to remain discreet .
Dr _Gupto : The problem though at any given time eighty to ninety percent of those ICU rooms are full so we just do n't have the surge capacity and that 's going to cost lots and lots of money to create a health system where we can take care not only of the ill now but the ill that might come in with a pandemic Paula .
If you are strongly allergic to any foods , you will know what they are , but slight reactions can go unrecognised . 
Allergies to wood dust can develop in staff and consideration should be given to using dust-free sawdust and to the staff wearing masks when handling the dry bedding . 
Washing-up can lead to dry hands but cleansing fluids , sprays and polishes can also irritate dry , sensitive skin . 
Mussels can live for several years , but are very sensitive to ammonia and nitrite . 
She says there are a small amount of children who are sensitive to flashing lights , which can trigger a fit . 
What instrumental techniques can not do is evaluate the sensory attributes of an odour , in particular its acceptability , nor can they compete with the human nose as far as sensitivity to most odours is concerned . 
For those with severe chemical sensitivity , creating a chemical-free ` oasis " in the house can be very valuable . 
Fluctuating hormone levels can affect skin sensitivity . 
Since then , many other doctors who treat food intolerance and chemical sensitivity have claimed that such sensitivity can produce a wide range of mental problems . 
Palpitations -- irregular or rapid heart rate -- can be caused by excess tea or coffee in susceptible individuals . 
Although the limited pasture larval contamination will serve to boost the immunity of vaccinated calves it can lead to clinical disease in susceptible animals . 
Regions of chromosomes particularly susceptible to nuclease attack , that is showing a more open chromatin conformation , can be demonstrated by a localized distribution of grains in the autoradiographic preparations . 
Even a small reduction in the susceptibility of a crop to a pest can be important , especially if it complements other control techniques in an IPM programme . 
A BRITISH woman is waiting to hear how she can reclaim a family estate deep inside the former Soviet Union . 
If there were such evidence , you can be sure you would have heard of it .
I do n't know … it sort of hardens , like a shell or something and you can hide inside it and nobody can get at you .
I can camouflage it with other things .
For some reason , flowerpots or coconut shells are preferred to rocky structures , though , of course , a flowerpot can easily be camouflaged with stones .
Since none of these parties has passed the 5,000-member threshold , they can not be officially registered , which hinders their organisational work .
Improvements in the snowmaking technology both in the USA and Europe mean that the high levels of humidity which previously hampered artificial snowmaking in Scotland can be overcome .
In many tuna sets most encircled dolphins are successfully released , but sometimes adverse weather conditions or equipment malfunctions can hamper the efforts of even the best-intentioned and most experienced crews .
The application of particular methods can be hampered by cultural effects in a densely populated country like Britain .
Along with nitrates , phosphates actively encourage the growth of algaes ( particularly hair algae ) , and there is evidence that they can inhibit the growth of some marine invertebrates .
For example , heparin can act as a competitive inhibitor but its usefulness for studies on intact cells is lessened because it may also inhibit the generation of InsP 3 .
Breaks in this chain can inhibit the learning process and lead to a breakdown in effective communication .
Alas , headless flies can learn to hold their legs in a particular position to avoid a shock , and even solve the problem faster than those still encumbered with brains .
If West Yorkshire can manage without a county council and manage well , and the West Yorkshire district councils can carry out the necessary functions , why does Derbyshire have to be encumbered with a county council ?
You can hire an architect or get advice on digging drains . 
And I hire every member of the staff — I can smell a wrong 'un a hundred yards away …
The suspected assassin , José Sales , who was arrested later , was believed to be a professional gunman hired by local landowners who had been blamed for the murder in 1985 of his predecessor Joao Canuto . 
` The acquisition of such a high quality contemporary sculpture can only enhance the city 's reputation as a centre for modern , as well as historic , artistic and cultural works .
But the hotel does have the advantage of being able to offer a scenic and historic location and the more personalised level of service that a small independent hotel can offer .
You can catch one of Hong Kong 's historic trams along Des Voeux Road and ride from Central to Causeway Bay ( see box , page 66 ) .
Can David Plotz ( and everyone at Slate ) please refrain from speaking on behalf of History ?
In this light the history of the universe according to Taoist thought can be either depressing or exhilarating , depending on one 's point of view ; at any rate it seems true enough as far as the Big Picture goes : First there was nothing .
` He can not twist this into a fight for the liberation of Panamanians . " 
If more than one person is attacking you , fight with your back to a wall ( not a low wall in case you trip over it ) so that no one can come round behind you . 
` We will continue with the fight for as long as we can , " Mother Catherine said . 
Can you remember when there was a bit of scuffle between Tybaot and Romeo earlier on ? 
The Tories can not sit back and smile smugly at another Labour spat , knowing that few Britons , so far , are republican . 
Molby , 30 , can move nearer his ambition of an international recall by impressing Denmark manager Richard Moeller Nielsen during Liverpool 's televised Anfield clash with Blackburn Rovers . 
The provincials regarded us as a gassy , protesting , quarrelsome , cantankerous crowd , very good at cursing the enemy and cursing ourselves , but no good at effective fighting against the well organised political parties . 
One can not therefore ignore historical and contemporary struggles between the state and the mass media ; nor can one reduce diverse and complex social , political and economic processes to simplified and simplistic accounts . 
At Monterrey , publisher Luis Gabriel Cano , although shaken by the murders , issued a statement saying : `` We will not cease our fight against drug trafficking .
` I can visualize you three duelling many times till you inoculate yourselves against any trace of enmity . " 
SPECIAL RULES : Savage Orcs can skirmish as described in the Warhammer rulebook . 
SPECIAL RULES : Kislev Horse Archers can skirmish as described in the rules for skirmishing troops in the Warhammer rulebook . 
Although not confronted regularly by Aids we can no longer pretend that it does not affect us . " 
The development of ballistic missiles and long - range artillery rockets within Iran can be divided into three broad chronological stages : Pre - revolution ( 1977 - 1979 ) ; Post - revolution and the war with Iraq ( 1980 - 1988 ) ; and Post War ( 1989 - Present ) .
`` We can not discuss proposals while they are warring with our army , '' Mrs. Kumaratunga said .
`` I can confirm there are foreign forces represented in all three former warring parties , '' he said .
And he can finish a golden year late next summer with the much-awaited showdown against Chris Eubank , who took Benn 's WBO middleweight title nearly two years ago before moving up himself to the 12 stone limit . 
No one can quite be sure whether he will be really ready for the expected showdown with world champion Jansher Khan , which is likely to decide Tuesday 's final . 
Chemical warfare ( CW ) agents are non-living , manufactured chemicals that are highly toxic and can enter the body through the lungs or the skin .
Since we can not go on struggling with one another indefinitely , Hegel says that one must submit to the other .
Dual-core chips can do the same work that a single-core chip can , only faster , while consuming less power and at a cooler temperature .
`` You can have a dozen competitors stealing your secrets at the same time , '' Mr . Matchett said , adding : `` It 's a pretty good bet they wo n't get caught .''
Thus , specificity can be generated in different ways .
Protein-protein interaction studies using the yeast two-hybrid trap and expression analysis of all kinesins in different tissues and cell types with microarrays can also provide valuable information about the function of the kinesins .
Signaling by the IGF- IR has been studied in many different cell types and is important for proliferation , survival , motility , adhesion , transformation , tumor formation and metastasis [ for reviews see refs [ 31 32 ] ] . The receptor can directly phosphorylate the insulin receptor substrate 1 ( IRS -1 ) and Shc proteins in the intact cell causing activation of PI -3Kinase and ras signaling [ 33 ] . More recently , it has been shown that the IGF-IR signals via the Gβγ subunits of the heterotrimeric Gi complex to stimulate PI-3Kinase and ras , and also activates the JAK/Stat pathway to cause phosphorylation of Stat3 [ 34 35 ] .
You can also take a ferry to Macau to find an entirely different kind of city , a unique blend of Chinese and Iberian culture .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
The existence of metal vases and bowls can be inferred from pottery objects which imitate metal models , sometimes even to the extent of having fake rivets and fake chain-links added .
In your language learning always pay attention to the rhythm and try to mimic the language helper as accurately as you can .
But they can not mimic the complex metabolism of a living mammal .
It 's amazing how far a body can be thrown when it 's hit by a fast-moving vehicle . 
They can take one of the following forms : 1- Steel pipes : Insert 4 inch pipes in the ground at 50 centimeters apart and a height of one meter then fill them with cement 2- Barrels : They are filled with cement and place around the building , especially at the entrance to prevent cars from crashing into it 3- Ditches : They are better than road bumps because they are harder to see .
An image came into her head : of Gazzer 's spray can dropping out of his pocket and clunking across the floor of the kiosk : a little vandal who went round spraying his name everywhere . 
" The introductory sentences are crucial , too , in that they can mould and determine the reader 's reception of an answer . 
The failure of AZT is ` disappointing " , he says , but it reinforces ` the absolutely key message " that AIDS can be prevented with the right precautions . 
Only by explicitly modelling such differences can we treat the state in its key role of a mechanism by which conflicting interests are resolved in collective decisions . 
The primary aim is to provide an authentic analysis of key legal , administrative , and policy themes which can be expected to be met during the development and implementation of a integrated approach . 
To my mind , the position of the local authority as relator can not be decisive of the present case .
It thus has to be accepted that none of the cases cited provides in its ratio a decisive basis upon which Woolwich can rely to support its claim .
At the beginning of the second millennium b.c. , Jerusalem was a Canaanite mountain stronghold on a secondary trade route , far less important than biblical cities such as Hazor , Megiddo , Beth Shean , and Shechem .
`` It was very , very important '' to compel Iraq to rid itself of weapons of mass destruction so that `` it can not use or export them to other countries , '' he told Associated Press Television News .
Dr _Gupto : The other thing Paula really important is that they talk a lot about the fact that our- we 're a lot better at taking care of patients now than we were in nineteen eighteen , we have a lot of ICUs a lot of ICUs in the hospital behind me that can take care of critically ill patients .
In any event , this point can not possibly justify departing from the clear import of the language of the statute . 
But the vast experience , stability and guidance to young colleagues that Hastings can impart has to be of particular import to Scotland 's 1993 efforts . 
Since the commitment to a particular pathway occurs long before clear changes in shape emerge this can be a major obstacle to studying differentiation .
Ancient sedimentary deposits which can not be readily disaggregated present major difficulties to the potential size-analyst .
The distance between the first and fourth bump should be 100 meters , and the distance between the fourth and the sixth should be 50 meters , so cars can not travel fast in the direction of the building 5- Barbed Wires : They should be placed around the building , around the walls , or on top of the walls 6- Nails Obstacle : These are placed at the main gate in order to puncture the tires of any car crashing in
Small cracks can be repaired with a leak sealant put into the feed-and-expansion cistern or with epoxy resin filler after draining down , but if damage is serious the radiator will have to be replaced ( page 150 ) .
Imports such as thiodyglycol and thionyl chloride can be applied towards legitimate purposes such as dyes , textiles , and pesticides or can be diverted towards an illicit CW program .
Suggestions of obligating the unemployed to work for their benefits are quite in keeping for a Government which has done virtually everything else it can to ensure that millions of Britons will work for derisory incomes .
How can you tell if Clinton is going to do a mea culpa ? My guess : Watch Monica 's image .
The Times does what it can to unbuff the image , running a picture of Heston that seems to show him either a ) getting a hit off the gunpowder fumes on his fingertips , b ) blowing kisses or c ) throwing up .
Military brass say the increase in catastrophic injuries can be attributed to the Taliban 's use of improvised explosive devices , the roadside bombs that account for the majority of U. S. and NATO deaths and injuries .
Your article on the Joint IED Neutralizer ( which can destroy roadside improvised explosive devices ) showed how the Army has become mired in bureaucracy .
" Now this one here , you can see the IED tore the whole back end off the vehicle .
" These are the kinds of explosives that can be turned into car bombs , suicide vests and improvised explosive devices , " said Bouckaert of Human Rights Watch , who was visiting the site Thursday .
The overriding tendency is to lean towards the percussive aspect , and in one or two cases see who can get past the finishing post first .
The teacher can face the class at all times , thereby alleviating the tendency to talk to the board .
The Secretary of State is also prone to make pronouncements which can be highly relevant , especially on appeal . 
As with any chemical treatment , colour can cause hair to become dry and prone to splitting , especially on the ends . 
In turn , the propensity to marry can be measured by estimating the proportion of women still unmarried at ages 35-44 . 
Certain experiences can predispose a child towards feelings of helplessness , towards a propensity to interpret information in a negative way , and towards a continuing perception of irretrievable loss . 
It can be hard to predict where the familiar clusters of ash keys will appear , because this tree has the peculiar propensity of varying the sex of its flowers according to the season . 
Seaweeds such as the brown kelp produce mucus-like materials to hold moisture , and in any case can survive desiccation ; and many animals , including shore crabs , shelter among their damp fronds .
US officials report that Iran can produce several hundred tons of chemical agent annually and that it may have already produced as much as 2,000 tons of agent , including mustard , cyanide , and possibly sarin nerve agent , at plants near Qazvin , Parchin , and Esfahan .
Specifically , China reportedly has renewed negotiations on the construction of a graphite production facility , agreed to supply Iran with specialty steel , including the transfer of titanium - stabilized duplex steel , that can be used in the development of weapons of mass destruction .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
China 's missiles are operated by the Second Artillery Corps , and include about 650 DF -11 ( M-11 ) and DF-15 ( M-9 ) missiles opposite Taiwan ; several dozens of DF -3 , DF -4 , and DF -21 medium - range missiles that can reach Japan , India , and Russia ; and 18-24 DF -5 ICBMs that can reach the United States and Europe .
Rosa 's story contains some of the main themes that we can find in women 's own accounts of their involvement in crime .
Of course Jamaica has its palm - lined beaches and almost endless rum drinks , and you can enjoy a wonderful resort - based break .
The figures on marketable wealth exclude the value of occupational pensions which can not normally be sold .
Its futuristic dome design is striking ; inside are interactive exhibits , including one in which you can experience weightlessness .
Down to earth , the Sha Tin Racecourse can accommodate over 80,000 spectators and is equipped with every imaginable luxury , including a giant video screen facing the stands , and for the horses , air-conditioned stables .
The R4000 SuperMax comes in an eight CPU configuration and incorporates up to eight disk controllers , 20Gb disk and can support up to 1,000 workstations -- prices start go from £30,000 to £300,000 .
If the system incorporates a bilevel or chopper drive circuit the current control can be over-ridden at the appropriate times to make the full supply voltage available continuously .
An examination of changes in personal staffing decisions in the Senate between 1986 and 1987 ( when control of that body changed party hands ) , moreover , reveals that the personal staffing differences noted in the table can not be attributed to the disproportionate control Democrats exercise , due to their majority-party status , over other resources such as committee staff .
`` It was very , very important '' to compel Iraq to rid itself of weapons of mass destruction so that `` it can not use or export them to other countries , '' he told Associated Press Television News .
Dr _Gupto : On the other hand to be able to outline and do the thing that were talked about today to basically completely revamp the public health system so that local officials can talk to state officials that can talk to federal officials to be able to pinpoint exactly when a cluster of bird flu happens that takes probably a lot more money and a and a really a complete revamping of our public health systems .
Just across the border is the huge Lo Wu City shopping mall , to which you can walk ; other shopping malls are nearby .
That is another reason for keeping your head up , so that such people can see your lips moving as well as hearing what you are saying .
After they hit the racquet they make another , more resonant sound , as they bounce on the ant soil surface , a sound you can hear on television when tennis is played at Stade Roland Garros .
Vestiges of the British colonial legacy can still be found , not least in the fact that English is Jamaica 's official language : the popularity of cricket is another example .
But , Gov . Donald Carcieri , Providence Mayor David Cicilline and others told Chairwoman Susan Collins of Maine and Rhode Island Sen . Lincoln Chafee , they need more federal money , they need it to come faster when disaster strikes and they need a steady stream they know they can rely on from year to year .
But , Gov . Donald Carcieri , Providence Mayor David Cicilline and others told Chairwoman Susan Collins of Maine and Rhode Island Sen . Lincoln Chafee , they need more federal money , they need it to come faster when disaster strikes and they need a steady stream they know they can rely on from year to year .
The only person you can discuss work with is your direct commander ( Amir ) , unless you are asked to do otherwise or if your work demands participation of others , and then through guidance of the leadership .
Skilled ringers use their wrists to advance or retard the next swing , so that one bell can swap places with another in the following change .
To think that God can be some further reality beyond the reality we know is simply to have failed to define the reality we know widely enough .
Now he can go further .
But , Gov . Donald Carcieri , Providence Mayor David Cicilline and others told Chairwoman Susan Collins of Maine and Rhode Island Sen . Lincoln Chafee , they need more federal money , they need it to come faster when disaster strikes and they need a steady stream they know they can rely on from year to year .
But , Gov . Donald Carcieri , Providence Mayor David Cicilline and others told Chairwoman Susan Collins of Maine and Rhode Island Sen . Lincoln Chafee , they need more federal money , they need it to come faster when disaster strikes and they need a steady stream they know they can rely on from year to year .
Dr _Gupto : On the other hand to be able to outline and do the thing that were talked about today to basically completely revamp the public health system so that local officials can talk to state officials that can talk to federal officials to be able to pinpoint exactly when a cluster of bird flu happens that takes probably a lot more money and a and a really a complete revamping of our public health systems .
Employers can still set up ` top-up " pension schemes to provide additional benefits above the new ceiling but such schemes are now taxable .
Consequential loss can be where delay or loss of a letter or package could involve you in additional expense over and above its actual value .
How can we possibly justify creating 7,000 additional children 's books each year ?
Two additional criteria need to be satisfied before we can definitely conclude that expectations are being formed rationally .
We need additional confidence that China 's statements and actions will be sufficient for us to defend a certification of that kind ... we want to be sure that we 've done all we can to obtain the maximum level of cooperation from China on this subject. [ US Department of State , Daily Press Briefing , 14 October 1997 . ]
The accused , who can not be named for legal reasons , also deny taking nude photographs of the children while they themselves were naked and showing the pictures to the girl 's mother .
The 17-year-old single mother , who can not be named for legal reasons , appeared at Horseferry Road Court in Westminster and was remanded until April 16 .
Name the novel in which this festive illustration can be found .
You can find Manchester , Sheffield , and Cambridge in Jamaica , to name but three .
Weapons programs can be based on indigenous ( i.e. , domestic ) production capabilities , or they can rely on foreign supplies and technologies .
While countries may seek to develop all of these capabilities on an independent , indigenous basis , they can and often do seek some inputs from foreign sources .
The team has chosen a mixture of trees native to this part of England and aim to create an area where threatened species of flora and fauna can flourish .
You can process the musical history of the Eighties into any format you like-you could call it the decade of Dance , or of Conscience Rock , or of World Music .
Nobody yet in the whole history of mankind has had the strength to resist doing what lies in their power to do , just to prove that they can .
You can view artifacts from the Bronze Age , trace the history of the Easter Rising , or revisit Leopold Bloom 's odyssey in Ulysses .
In the summer of 1993 , the Marion County Commission on Youth began what can best be described as a `` new era '' in its history .
The increase in per expression after the sleep deprivation was specific to the cerebral cortex , although it can not be ruled out , based on the present study , that circadian gene expression changes with sleep-wake history in specific nuclei within the other two regions examined ; i.e. , the hypothalamus and basal forebrain .
CATCH it while you can is the message for holidaymakers who have not experienced the alluring magic of Hong Kong .
The climate here can best be described as `` changeable '' and yet the sudden shifts from light to dark , sunshine to shower , are part of the city 's magic .
This difficulty is compounded by the fact that much of the information can be directly traced back to just a handful of sources , none of which can be independently verified .
Based on such information , some idea of Iran 's CW status can be ascertained .
Again , I do not have all of the information for July and August , so I can not give you any numbers .
If I can get all of the information today , I can tell you this afternoon .
Again , I do not have all of the information for July and August , so I can not give you any numbers .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
Can Iran produce nuclear weapons with its nuclear infrastructure ?
Smoking crack during pregnancy can cause low birth-weight , respiratory problems and premature labour . 
Freebase is a compound that can be inhaled or smoked . 
Drug users who continue to inject drugs can protect themselves by never sharing equipment ( e.g. needles , syringes or spoons ) . 
New drugs , such as gancyclovir , injected into a vein , can be effective but the problem often recurs . 
We doubt whether the shock-horror TV advertising campaign will directly stop youngsters sniffing solvents , but it should bring home the horrors of the practice to those who can do something about it parents . 
NOTE Some drugs can be dangerous when they are taken at the same time as alcohol . 
From what I can gather from Joanie , she 's been taking drugs since her last year at school . 
But if you are taking any medicines , it 's wise to ask your doctor whether you can drink alcohol nor not . 
Smokers screw up their eyes and lips when they puff a cigarette and this can surely lead to more wrinkles .
When it does so , it has a bigger meal than it can manage by itself and many another animal comes to lap up the spilt yolk . 
Sir Cannibal feasts on Fish 'n' Chips 
This can also be treated biologically in a greenhouse by deliberately introducing a predator mite , Phytoseiulus persimilis , which feeds on red spider mite . 
` So next time you snack on your favourite chocolate bar or bowl of peanuts , remember -- if enjoyed in moderation , they can be good-tasting and might even inhibit cavities , " it said . 
Skippers Bistro in Dock Place has a real nautical atmosphere and good seafood as has The Waterfront where you can dine outside from May to September . 
Everything is sold here , from clothing to souvenirs to electronic goods , and the market is known for its street-side food stalls , where you can dine inexpensively on seafood .
The food is ingested and the bacteria may lie dormant in the bird , where it contaminates the eggs produced and can be excreted and spread around the flock . 
The embryonated infective eggs or larvae of the dog roundworm , Toxocara canis are ingested by the dog ( 1 ) and migrate to the body tissues ( 2 ) such as the kidneys . 
The time interval between the mother eating the food and the baby suffering symptoms can vary from one day to several days . 
Nuts can be eaten in moderation , but not cashew nuts as they are rich in carbohydrate . 
An' if it gets too bad , your little girls can come and drink out of the swimming-pool . 
Babies can consume cold milk and food , but some refuse . 
This way rather a lot of calories can be consumed ; the chart gives the number of calories per ounce of dried fruit . 
It is a powerful protective antioxidant and lavish amounts of the best quality olive oil can be consumed without risk . 
As we consume little more than 10 litres of wine per person per year , Britons can hardly claim to be a ` wine-drinking nation " . 
Gingerly she took a sip of the soup , surprised to find it was not only delicious but nothing to do with any can or packet . 
There 's no dining room or lounge , but guests can have a self-service breakfast for £2.50 . 
You can have a delicious vegetarian lunch here .
The main chemical ingredients for life are derived from combinations of carbon , hydrogen , oxygen and nitrogen , which we can abbreviate to CHON .
If you do n't have all the ingredients for the curry sauce , you could add a can of prepared curry sauce to the beef and chopped vegetables and simmer the same way .
Sex and romance are the key ingredients to these books and these elements can not be stressed too strongly .
But morphine , the precursor for heroin. can be obtained from thebaine only by a series of elaborate and inefficient chemical processes .
Increased protein synthesis thus also may require increased RNA synthesis , which can be measured by exactly analogous procedures using a radioactive precursor to RNA .
Unlike nuclear or chemical weapons , biological weapons can be made with readily available materials or equipment .
QN : Can nuclear weapons be made with readily available materials or equipment ?
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
` Especially as once we start , we can never confine ourselves to just kissing , " Luke quipped with harsh humour , and paused . 
Once the six to eight weeks of pressing time have elapsed , you can inspect the material to see whether it is completely dry or not . 
In that bodies are observable , they can be inspected by others . 
Although US and Israeli intelligence agencies continue to insist Iran maintains a stockpile of chemical weapons , no challenge inspections of Iranian facilities have been requested , and none of the allegations made regarding the stockpiling of CW can be verified in the unclassified domain .
If Iran can adequately demonstrate peaceful intentions for its nuclear program and allows IAEA inspections , nuclear power reactor technology trade restraints may be lifted .
This stage can also be used for double-checking your copper track design for errors or omissions .
Any suspicious images can then be double-checked by a radiologist before any decision is taken to treat the patient .
We have worked hard in ` 92 to examine every facet of our business to see where efficiencies can be made in our working practices . 
A demonstration is being arranged and our initial examination indicates we can contain this phase within the existing budgets . 
An examination of changes in personal staffing decisions in the Senate between 1986 and 1987 ( when control of that body changed party hands ) , moreover , reveals that the personal staffing differences noted in the table can not be attributed to the disproportionate control Democrats exercise , due to their majority-party status , over other resources such as committee staff .
To comprehend all that was involved here , one must experience the full force of tragedy at first hand ; and here Act III of Tristan can be pointed to as a prime specimen of tragic art . 
It is doubtful whether a more impressive specimen of mass self-delusion can be produced from any era of recorded history . 
A small specimen of tissue can be taken for examination through a biopsy channel . 
Vestiges of the British colonial legacy can still be found , not least in the fact that English is Jamaica 's official language : the popularity of cricket is another example .
In extreme cases these rites take the form of human sacrifices followed by cannibalism .
Delays before trial can therefore affect the result , for a defendant who is committed to hospital and recovers there would usually be released back into the community fairly swiftly .
Most secondary schools have now reached double figures in their stocks of micros -- but only a few years ago the authors of a book ( Howe and Ross , 1981 ) could gently suggest that ` we can readily envisage the time when every educational institution in the country will have access to at least one microcomputer '' .
And the more you can show you have been closely involved in the battle from an early stage , the more weight you will carry if and when you decide to initiate legal action .
1 ) Voters can `` buy '' one of two brands when they select their political agents -- a Republican brand that believes in the minimalist state and in the virtues of private markets over the vices of public action , and a Democratic brand that believes in big government and in public intervention to remedy the excesses attendant to the pursuit of private interest .
We need additional confidence that China 's statements and actions will be sufficient for us to defend a certification of that kind ... we want to be sure that we 've done all we can to obtain the maximum level of cooperation from China on this subject. [ US Department of State , Daily Press Briefing , 14 October 1997 . ]
We need additional confidence that China 's statements and actions will be sufficient for us to defend a certification of that kind ... we want to be sure that we 've done all we can to obtain the maximum level of cooperation from China on this subject. [ US Department of State , Daily Press Briefing , 14 October 1997 . ]
Dual-core chips can do the same work that a single-core chip can , only faster , while consuming less power and at a cooler temperature .
Further , what can be done to prevent or reduce the likelihood of incidents of BW terrorism ?
Even rank amateurs can do it if they spend a few thousand dollars for a commercially available microwave receiver with amplifier and a VCR recorder .
Dr _Gupto : On the other hand to be able to outline and do the thing that were talked about today to basically completely revamp the public health system so that local officials can talk to state officials that can talk to federal officials to be able to pinpoint exactly when a cluster of bird flu happens that takes probably a lot more money and a and a really a complete revamping of our public health systems .
I know you can ... I did . ''
All I can do is to watch the house and leave my agent , Warner , on guard at the gates .
If the law can do nothing we must take the risk ourselves . "
Alternatively you can join in activities on a daily basis if you live or are holidaying in the area .
` You have to do it to prove you can hold a conversation and take part in physical activity at the same time .
The planning activities at the three levels can be referred to as strategic planning , tactical planning ( or ` management control " ) and operational planning .
In addition , the activities of management and labour can influence key decisions over investment and productivity , and these in their turn will have an influence on plant profitability .
You can even make it fun , part of your sexual activity .
" The truth is unless we can do something with these plants , they wo n't be globally competitive , " said Mr . Timken , who recently stepped down as chairman of the National Association of Manufacturers .
Leitenberg , who has worked on arms control and chemical and biological weapons issues for 40 years , told UPI that `` a best case scenario '' might kill most of the inhabitants of a subway car , but added `` every calculation ( one can make about casualties ) relies on a whole series of assumptions . ''
Dr _Gupto : The problem though at any given time eighty to ninety percent of those ICU rooms are full so we just do n't have the surge capacity and that 's going to cost lots and lots of money to create a health system where we can take care not only of the ill now but the ill that might come in with a pandemic Paula .
The acquisition and creation of these various weapon systems can also be seen as a response to Iran 's own experience as a victim of chemical and missile attacks during the Iran - Iraq War .
Second , it intercepts every communication it can , from friend or foe , and tries to decrypt it .
Cupboard doors were flying , the trash can in the kitchen walked a few feet , the dogs came running , and I scooted them into the dog run and stood in the doorway myself , watching the outside trash cans dance across the concrete .
An examination of changes in personal staffing decisions in the Senate between 1986 and 1987 ( when control of that body changed party hands ) , moreover , reveals that the personal staffing differences noted in the table can not be attributed to the disproportionate control Democrats exercise , due to their majority-party status , over other resources such as committee staff .
Graffiti written by Russian soldiers can be seen in the caves of Antiparos .
Dr _Gupto : The other thing Paula really important is that they talk a lot about the fact that our- we 're a lot better at taking care of patients now than we were in nineteen eighteen , we have a lot of ICUs a lot of ICUs in the hospital behind me that can take care of critically ill patients .
Yeah , yeah , I mean you 're - you 're in Dallas so - everybody - i ca n't believe they can , uh , like in a murder situations , they look for juries who do n't know anything about the system well or know anything about the - the - occurrence .
There are restaurants and a Starbuck's in the basement , and you can access the raised pedestrian crosswalk from the escalators on the ground floor .
You can take a tour of the port in one of the small sampans , propelled by hand by women drivers .
From the monastery , hikers enjoy the two - hour cross-country trek down to Silvermine Bay , but the authorities have warned walkers to be on the lookout for snakes , which can be plentiful in the Lantau hinterland , especially in summer .
Macau 's own currency , the pataca , is pegged to the Hong Kong dollar , and you can use your Hong Kong currency freely in Macau .
The 2nd Cavalry Regiment [ at Fort Lewis ] recently received three vehicles that can detect radiation or biological and chemical hazards while keeping the soldiers safe inside .
I can see colours inside of it .
Can you see the villa , set among the vineyards ? "
Within consciousness one can experience a focal and a peripheral area .
A starfish on the reef can crawl across a clam , fasten its tube feet on either side of its gape and slowly wrench the valves apart to feed on the flesh within .
The New Territories can be explored by taking the Kowloon - Canton Railway ( KCR ) , which makes 10 stops between the station in Kowloon and Sheung Shui , the last stop before entering China .
Careful management of such clumps can result in the production of high-quality timber while the areas in between are available for the natural regeneration of trees , shrubs and ground flora .
However , the new metaphysics suggests we can interrupt this automatic process .
` If you just rush down now , " said Nikos , ` you can interrupt a Moslem funeral and desecrate that too . "
However , since Ecstasy is a designer drug , a competent chemist can make it anywhere and underworld sources claim it is produced in the region . 
` Paranoia , memory loss , convulsions , internal bleeding and severe weight loss can all result from the use of amphetamines , " he said . 
People try to beat that misery with barbiturates , but nothing can cure it because you 've taken away from yourself all chance of feeling pleasure . 
Smoking crack during pregnancy can cause low birth-weight , respiratory problems and premature labour . 
To this , Asian tea and to a lesser extent textiles and dyes can be added alongside West Indian sugar , rum and coffee and North American tobacco and rice . 
If you replace heroin and endorphins with nicotine and the neurotransmitter acetylcholine , or with caffeine and adenosine , or Valium and gamma-amino butyric acid , or marijuana and anadamide , the same story can be told . 
A further cause for concern is that ketamine can sometimes result in a state where the users are unconcerned whether they live or die . 
The use of ketamine in a social context can be discouraged by educational measures , some of which have already commenced . 
The alkaloid , thebaine , can be easily converted into codeine by demethylation . 
These plants contain only minimal amounts of the chemical — tetrahydro-cannabinol — which can make users high when smoked — so to get any kind of effect — you 'd have to smoke the whole field . 
I can remember the first time I got drunk on Scotch . 
` You know how drunk Dempster gets , and I 've heard he can get really rough sometimes . 
` I take it I can get drunk as a lord should on such an occasion ? " 
This can take new users by surprise -- they become intoxicated before they realise it . 
Unpleasant reactions during a " bad trip " can make you panic and act irrationally . 
The impact of the barbarian invasions and settlements in Gaul can be seen in the substantial literary output of the fifth century .
They said militants from the Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigade recruited a 21-year-old woman who had been permitted to cross into Israel for treatment of severe burns suffered last year when a household gas canister exploded .
Stone believes that just as boys can be trained to become militants , they can be rehabilitated .
The Christian community 's troubles in Dora can be traced to autumn 2004 , when Sunni militants bombed churches and kidnapped people .
" We do n't ask them to protect our revolutionary fighters â€� they can protect themselves , " said Essam Gheriani , a spokesman for the opposition national council in Benghazi .
` Can we play camping in the Canadian backwoods ? " 
The slogan , taking a popular cliché , asks receivers : ` Why move to the middle of nowhere , when you can move to the middle of London ? "
Some may go to out-of-the-way places to sniff which can add to the dangers . 
One's admiration for the brilliance of Fussell 's writing can not suppress doubts about the partiality of the picture he is drawing , with all its entertaining anecdotes and quotes . 
The keepers also appear to be a knowledgeable and dedicated group of people , for whom I can only express my admiration of their hard work . 
When Dorothea can not admire the sort of painting her uncle likes to praise -- ` They are a language I do not understand " -- Mr Brooke attributes her inability to defective education . 
The story of Doubting Thomas is told , not so that we shall admire Thomas , but so that we can admire the other apostles in comparison . 
Moreover if we wish to interpret ` consolations " in a rather more modern way we can not but admire the efficiency with which she took control of her own life . 
` Lucenzo , I know you 're being loyal to your client , and I can admire that -- " 
I admire her because she is an actress who can also sing and I think she has a wonderful personality , " said Mr Hipkiss as he stood with 1,500 screaming fans outside the city 's Ritzy nightclub . 
On a superficial level this can be seen in her long and mutually admiring correspondence with Voltaire , and in her financial help to Diderot and the unsuccessful visit to Russia which he paid at her invitation . 
It is in the admiring , almost disbelieving , words of parents and friends , however , that the real achievement of training can be noted . 
I think that we can all applaud my right hon. Friend for the other improvements in prison security about which he has told us . 
Pleasure can be no more than a gourmet 's appreciation for delicacies , whereas a happy person can readily settle for a much simpler diet . 
i Hero : This child believes that he or she can only obtain love and appreciation through achievement . 
Sanctions can be informal , such as an approving or disapproving glance , or formal , such as a reward or a fine given by an official body . 
Who can they blame now ? ” 
I mean , if the cheque bounced three times before your wah-wah pedal went wrong , can you really blame the dealer for being a trifle tardy with the repair … ? 
So who can blame the publisher for charging the maximum he believed the market can stand ? 
A lot can be blamed on years of dictatorship and rotten planning -- but not all . 
On the other hand , can peace really be allowed to depend on the goodwill of people who have already shown their contempt for even basic considerations of humanity ? 
He has a stare that can fill a man with dread -- a quiet , almost contemptuous look which shakes you to your boots . 
Unless the clergy want my complete damnation they can ask for no more . 
This displeasure can range from mild disapproval to outright ostracism . 
` I disapprove of killing at the best of times , Ace , but , and this is vitally important , you must never kill anyone with a role in recorded history if you can possibly avoid it . 
Activities , which society had previously disapproved of and banned , are now permitted and can be freely indulged in . 
“ And now , ” she said in curt dismissal , “ as I can see that you have an awful lot to do around here … ” she gave the dirty coffee-mug a disapproving look “ …
That may be a rather spectacular and extravagant way of showing his disdain for factual knowledge erm which no doubt can go too far . 
If a person intends doing someone harm , it can not be assumed that s/he displays a disdain towards humanity , although it is clearly directed towards the particular intended victim . 
To disregard that is to show disrespect for those who are colleagues , those whom the head is leading and without whose support he or she can not manage . 
Thus some ` truth " can be created , and rank equal in human esteem with truth which can be observed to be such , or proved in some other way . 
Recognising that aggression can occur through no fault of social work staff , the Guidelines and the training associated with them are designed to give people confidence in the management of that problem . 
Still more rare should be cases where a stay can properly be imposed in the absence of any fault on the part of the complainant or prosecution . 
YOU can not fault Gerald Ronson for the professionalism of his approach to his liquidity crisis . 
His facts ( although not always his glosses ) can not usually be faulted , and he was ideally placed to give the definitive account of events after Edward 's death . 
The arithmetic can not be faulted -- and may well be judged too clever by half . 
Though the findings of modern geology relating to the origins of islands in the archipelago were not available to Wallace , his observations on the wildlife of Sulawesi can hardly be faulted . 
Cohen-Solal 's identification of three strategies , expertise , orthodoxy and prestige , enabling these three prominent communists to carve out a particular niche for themselves within the party structure , can not be faulted . 
If one wanted to meet someone in London who is in fact elsewhere and had to spend a morning travelling which one could pleasantly have spent in bed , then the desire to travel can be faulted . 
We are of the view that the judge 's approach to the aspect of the case concerned with the Code can not be faulted . 
The judge can not be faulted either on the course he took or on the decision he reached on the material before him . 
` Certainly , I can not fault the Caroline Hastings Public Relations machine , " Roman agreed silkily . 
No one can fault the absolute loyalty that Willie gave to Ted and then Margaret . 
She was selfless and I can not fault the way she dealt with me -- not the easiest of her five children . 
You can not fault the performances of the two main characters . 
I can imagine village priests delivering sermons on the Devil 's invention and being mocked for it ; but if they did , they were right . ) 
` You can mock as much as you like . 
Abuse and scorn were heaped upon it with an intensity of attack that I can not remember experiencing previously in my political career . 
Conscious analysis of anything is only scorned by me if it 's the best you can do ! 
Such things can not be scorned , and Esau is in no mood for scorn anyway . 
Only hotels can command fleets of servants now , not so much because their owners are rich , but because there is no stigma of ` domestic service " attached to hotel work . 
They can feel criticized , even stigmatized , and in need of group support . 
In our judgment , not only can the judge 's conclusion on this issue not be so stigmatised ; we think he was right . 
And , once again , we can hear the echo of Hoggart 's strictures against the supposedly ` postwar " aberrations of mass entertainments . 
I can see now the attraction of those religions which exalt the achievement of personal tranquillity above ail else . 
We prize our independence as much as ever , although we accept that in the run-up to the twenty-first century independence can only be relative : international interdependence is a Line qua non . 
Professor Roger Scruton , for example , is a philosopher greatly revered by the Conservative party , whose views can not be lightly set aside by Conservative ministers . 
The exaltation of emotion and intuition above logical reasoning can readily disentangle them from any such disciplinary anchorage . 
However , if I do think of myself as making a considered choice , can I deny the justice of your reproach ? 
This paper 's radio critic can hardly wait . 
This can be allied to Derrida 's critique of ` a certain fundamental Europeanization of world culture " . 
Apart from the question of the number of dimensions that space-time appears to have , string theory still has several other problems that must be solved before it can be acclaimed as the ultimate unified theory of physics . 
The 17-year-old youth , who can not be named for legal reasons , faced Warrington magistrates , accused with murdering his mother on October 28 and her mother two days later at their home in the Cheshire town . 
` But how can President Aquino overhaul the leadership of the armed forces after she has already commended them for putting down the coup ? " asks a congressman and former military officer , Mr Bonifacio Gillego . 
How can I be sure that this year 's cures will not be in disgrace and condemned by the time you read about them ? 
If he condemns people who are outperforming his members , he can hardly expect much respect for their standards . 
Both are public , in the sense that they can be entertained and criticized by anyone who has the opportunity to do so . 
Secondly , the nature of the controls imposed on management so as to assure us that their power can not be used arbitrarily will be analysed and criticized . 
Mrs Maginnis criticised the Government for being ` deliberately naive or mischievous in its claim that devolved management of schools can be achieved at no cost . " 
Suppose a young woman wants to criticise a man for allegedly ` sleeping around " , and suppose the man cares : what can she call him ? 
For the industry , it is probably fair to describe the ITVA as a sort of benevolent despot , though it can be ( and is ) criticized for being excessively cautious in its judgements . 
The Bundesbank can be -- and has been -- criticised for not going far enough to stimulate the German economy . 
If the right to criticise the government is a privilege which , with the exceptions above enumerated , can not be restricted , then all civil as well as criminal actions are forbidden . 
I can not understand why our pigs were criticized for being too fat because the meat was so sweet and tender , almost like chicken . 
Because it means you can always criticize the individual , for either not having done the job well enough or for having not done it quite the way you thought it ought to be done . 
She also decries the double standard that dictates what men can do , women ca n't . 
But I can not denounce them in other people 's words . 
Unlike most earlier films on the subject , such as the American ` Longtime Companions " , which were primarily pleas for compassion , a film can now show an AIDS victim who is denounced for his duplicity . 
`` NATO can only be stopped by a strict denouncement from the nuclear powers , in particular from Russia and China , '' he said .
This is the idea that denunciation can help to reduce the incidence of crime -- a notion which may at first seem somewhat obscure , but which has a distinguished intellectual pedigree . 
This kind of ability is both envied and disparaged by many Continental musicians , and it can not be doubted that professional English singers often perform music which they have not had time to ` learn " in any sense of the term that a European singer would accept . 
His character is one that not even those envious of his power can disparage him . 
One can recognise easily why so many later European commentators extolled classical Greece as the model for their contemporaries since the material conditions of these changes from rural to urban , from aristocracy to bourgeoisie , and from oligarchy to proto similarly characterised their own social situation . 
She can be exhilaratingly dismissive , as when she lauds Hanif Kureishi for not writing like Penelope Fitzgerald . 
The bitter battles of the past are gone and these days Bill Morris can only sing Rover 's praises . 
There is boldness and candour about Addison 's praise of ` Chevy Chase " . 
Try to find some aspect that you can praise genuinely . 
` I can not praise too highly the emergency services , local authorities and volunteers who carried out their responsibilities in an exemplary fashion . 
All I can do now is praise the NME for finally showing him to be the xenophobic shit that he really is . 
Up to now , British Telecom , sometimes attacked , sometimes praised in this magazine , has kept a dignified , appreciative , affronted , hurt or tactical silence , I can not tell which . 
The more you can relate your quotations to your audience and the people you are praising in your speech , the more interested and flattered they will feel . 
When Dorothea can not admire the sort of painting her uncle likes to praise -- ` They are a language I do not understand " -- Mr Brooke attributes her inability to defective education . 
Girls can be praised for paying boys back in their own currency , for cutting them down to size , or for challenging the male domination of the music business . 
She was supposed , therefore , to praise him and then follow this with the instruction ` You can play with your X now " ( where X was the toy ) . 
Casaubon ridicules the idea that the straightforward collection of factual data about fleas and lice can provide the moral and civilizing education of the sort given by a study of the wise and sensitive works of humane literature . 
Even a sense of the importance of its subject-matter can generate the pious " holier-than-thou " tone of voice , so much detested and ridiculed -- probably quite rightly -- by our society . 
How anyone can ridicule and trivialise such an attempt to make life more pleasant in Darlington is totally beyond me , particularly when the person primarily responsible is the Mayor and first citizen of the town . 
Some may scoff and say impossible … it can never happen ! 
One of the most welcome sights around Hailing which we can thank the Romans for are the pheasants , it is reckoned they were first introduced by them and were quickly established here in Kent . 
The scheme is expected to cost a total of about £100,000 and the Headway group can press ahead with building work , thanks to funding from the Catalyst Trust charity . 
People can be very shy about giving compliments . 
Lesser players can try the same tack but run the risk of being berated by their amateur partners for being unfriendly or even unprofessional . 
The boy who kicks his football close to windows can be reprimanded more easily if he was one of those to draw up the rule against doing so and if he agreed on the appropriate punishment beforehand . 
They can feel hurried and driven , critical and quick to reproach .
And if anyone came up and told me off for sleeping on the pavement I 'd say I was the King of England and I can sleep anywhere I like .
Thus , some of us recently showed that administration of two self peptides that can induce EAE , myelin proteolipid protein peptide 139 to 151 ( PLP139-151 ) or myelin oligodendrocyte glycoprotein peptide 35-55 ( MOG35-55 ) , can result in severe anaphylactic reactions [ 14 ] . This result clearly indicated that severe allergic reactions to self peptides can occur in mice that have been induced to express pathology ( i.e .
However , both GAD65 and GAD67 mRNA can be detected in the thymic medullary epithelial cells in mice [ 24 ] . Thus , despite thymic expression of GAD65 and GAD67 at the level of mRNA , NOD mice spontaneously develop autoreactivity to these islet ( and brain ) expressed proteins , and re-challenge of mice that have been immunized with peptides from GAD65 results in severe anaphylactic reactions .
Quenching of peroxynitrite was not evaluated as it can only be effectively studied at a severe alkaline pH , given the lability of peroxynitrite at neutral pH .
6°F , is the most severe neutropenic complication and can cause prolonged hospitalization .
The relationships that are formed provide strong foundations from which healthy values and strong self-confidence can grow , helping youth become strong , independent adults of tomorrow .
Do n't forget that the sun can be very strong in summer .
Upon oxidation , this compound emits strong fluorescence with emission maximum centered at λ 545 , which can be viewed and quantified using fluorescence microscopy .
If a court has sentenced somebody to prison for an excessive length of time , there is already a sentencing council -- the Court of Appeal , which can reduce the sentence .
A bankruptcy petition , put before the court and registered on the court file , can not be withdrawn without the court 's permission , so presentation of this kind of application should not be undertaken lightly .
Kids like Tommie J . , made a ward of the court because of repeated beatings by an alcoholic father ; Alice , sent to a group home to get help because of severe behavior disorders ; and John H . , a recovering alcoholic , rebuilding a relationships with his family so they can live together again .
` Geiger tube ' ] ) , but how it can be so analyzed , when the counter sense is inherent in the function of the device , and ` Geiger ' can scarcely be said to be a `` translation `` of Geiger , is a little hard to justify .
What purpose or higher reasoning can Microsoft use to justify such writing ?
but at least because i back up to um a hillside where the uh wild animals are i think i can probably justify it
Small factory operations , without sufficient volume to support two shifts of cutting , claim that they can not justify the capital cost of computer systems .
As long as the basic construction of NiCad batteries has n't changed , I can see no justification for complete discharge and agree that it stands a good chance of being harmful .
They can scarcely be taken as a serious reason for the ` backwardness " of the Siberian peoples , nor as a justification for their subjugation by the Russians .
We need additional confidence that China 's statements and actions will be sufficient for us to defend a certification of that kind ... we want to be sure that we 've done all we can to obtain the maximum level of cooperation from China on this subject. [ US Department of State , Daily Press Briefing , 14 October 1997 . ]
A form of religion which can be rationalised to meet the needs of the foregoing , is not to be found anywhere in the whole vast accumulation of religions and sects that the world has yet produced .
If you think you can abduct people without penalty , it simply goes to show how off-track you are . " 
She clutches her can of Coke and pinpoints her collusion in what her insides scream is her kidnapping . 
A girlfriend of John Cannan , now serving life for the abduction and murder of newlywed Shirley Banks , said he had talked of Suzy being raped there . 
Not even the abduction of his children by Captain Hook ( Dustin Hoffman ) and his scurvy sidekick , Smee ( Bob Hoskins ) , can shake Peter 's scepticism . 
CBW can have a greater psychological impact than conventional explosives , as suggested by the 2001 anthrax letter attacks , which killed only five people but frightened millions of Americans .
Leitenberg , who has worked on arms control and chemical and biological weapons issues for 40 years , told UPI that `` a best case scenario '' might kill most of the inhabitants of a subway car , but added `` every calculation ( one can make about casualties ) relies on a whole series of assumptions . ''
From the fact that Hitler set out to conquer Europe and more and to kill Jewry , we can not deduce that he ought to have done so .
Please my dear beloved , our plans now are to relocate from Ghana since we can not afford to go back to Liberia following our past experience as they killed our parents , but we will need to move out the fund left by my late father here in Ghana .
Obviously , media propaganda can incite people to kill .
Can you imagine the lion on our calendar cover being cruelly killed for a hunter 's trophy ?
While all of the peptides blocked the agonist effects of TNFα indicating that they can act as antagonists , KcC7 , KcF6 and KcF12 by themselves induced a cytotoxic response by killing SK-N-BE cells in the absence of TNFα .
More than 500 people were killed and many buildings damaged — you can see the bullet holes on the General Post Office building , and the Royal College of Surgeons — before the Rising was put down .
As it is , however , his army has been annihilated and the fugitives will probably be slaughtered by peasants before they can reach a place of safety . 
If McIan of Glencoe and that tribe can be well separated from the rest , it will be a proper vindication of the public justice to exterminate that sept of thieves … . 
Can the Dragon slay St. George ? 
A model damaged by a bolt thrower sustains not 1 but D4 wounds , which means that even large monsters can be hurt or even slain by a hit from a bolt thrower . 
If two or more crewmen are slain then the remaining crew will be unable to cope , so when it shoots the cannon must miss a whole turn before it can shoot again . 
Sulphur hexafluoride itself is harmless except in a confined space , where it displaces oxygen and can asphyxiate people .
As discussed earlier ( p. 31 ) , it is likely that unemployment can contribute to attempted suicide by precipitating or exacerbating domestic , social , and financial problems . 
Active euthanasia , where intent to kill can be shown , still remains strictly illegal , whatever the wishes of the patient , and that is the cause of the fiercest debate . 
Axelrod and Hamilton point out that normally harmless or beneficial bacteria can turn nasty , even causing lethal sepsis , in a person who is injured . 
Sniffing these substances can be lethal or cause long-term damage . 
Persistence can occur if a virus escapes the full force of the defence mechanisms ( for example if the patient 's immune system is suppressed for any reason ) , or if the virus is not particularly lethal to the cells it infects . 
These items are kept locked away as essences can make a lethal cocktail and yeast can be used to make hooch , an illicit drink . 
` It occurred to me that a golf-club can be a pretty lethal weapon . " 
We can not be sure , since the thalamus is a very important structure and damage to it may be lethal for a variety of reasons . 
Most pesticides are lethal to earthworms on or near the surface , and some can kill in very small concentrations to a great depth . 
Critics of the most recent studies of compound 1080 say that they prove only that the chemical is lethal to coyotes -- not that it can prevent or significantly decrease predation of flocks . 
The drug is a safe and effective painkiller when used as an anaesthetic but can be lethal in capsule or tablet form . 
The lethal message is that those who have AIDs can engage in sex as long as they use a condom . 
The colder temperatures which occur in the winter can also prove lethal . 
But perhaps women should beware ; proximity to this elegant baronet can be lethal . 
The poison they produce from their skin is so lethal that it can paralyse a bird or a monkey immediately . 
They present the story of John Cannan , who is presently serving three life terms for the murder of Bristol newly-wed Shirley Banks in 1989 . 
It 's their duty to find somebody they can convict of Maurice 's murder . " 
At Monterrey , publisher Luis Gabriel Cano , although shaken by the murders , issued a statement saying : `` We will not cease our fight against drug trafficking .
Yeah , yeah , I mean you 're - you 're in Dallas so - everybody - i ca n't believe they can , uh , like in a murder situations , they look for juries who do n't know anything about the system well or know anything about the - the - occurrence .
These can be quickly and effectively dealt with using electronic fly killers , or inspect screens -- thus preventing initial entry , backed up by the detection and elimination of their breeding sites . 
Arm decent citizens so that they can shoot the killers before the killers shoot them . 
This massacre of the innocents I blame on The Silk Plant Company whose trees , plants and flowers are so lifelike , one can be forgiven for doubting the real thing . 
` I can not believe , " Mandeville jibed , ` that this girl garrotted two experienced agents , Calcraft and Warnham . " 
Financial pressure plus isolation can be a deadly cocktail for a sector of society which has by the nature of its calling ready access to the means of self-destruction . 
A DEADLY poison which causes botulism can make people look younger . 
The effects of large fortnightly/monthly water changes can prove deadly to angel and butterfly fish by upsetting their stable environment . 
` Without jousting armour , wood lances can prove deadly ; and a man can die on a jousting ground as easily as on a battlefield . 
POLICE are racing against time to find five stolen canisters of rodent poison so deadly it can not be handled without breathing apparatus . 
Herpes simplex and shingles can be fatal in people with AIDS . 
The splendid-looking scorpion fish can be found around coral reefs , but you are well advised to give them a wide berth as their venom can be fatal . 
The physical consequences of compulsive overeating , anorexia and bulimia can be severe and even fatal . 
ANYTHING you can do … seven weeks after a Coventry Courtaulds employee became the proud father of quads a colleague in Grimsby went two better by becoming dad to sextuplets . 
Kids like Tommie J . , made a ward of the court because of repeated beatings by an alcoholic father ; Alice , sent to a group home to get help because of severe behavior disorders ; and John H . , a recovering alcoholic , rebuilding a relationships with his family so they can live together again .
Small girls can be found playing at ` house " , disconcerting their feminist mothers . 
Even when a small boy I had said to my mother : ` How can Mary be my auntie ? 
I can remember as a small child Daddy coming back from Barnard Castle with big loads on his bicycle . 
I am going to ask Daddy to take me back home where I can go to work . 
As Harriet took her granddaughter from him , all she could murmur was , ` Thank you , Bert , more than I can say . 
Q Can you suggest one or two attractive winter flowering plants to give as a birthday present to a nephew for his first garden ? 
` That brother of mine is still making his way here , as far as I can tell . 
I can begin to be a real father to my girls and prepare for the day when I 'll be a grandfather to their children . 
She can be a priestess , counsellor , or wise grandmother . 
Ulphus , son-in-law of King Canute , dedicated his lands , including Newbald , to God and St Peter . 
Of his mother there can be no doubt ; Queen Hortense , stepdaughter of Napoleon I by his marriage to Josephine and sister-in-law by her marriage to his brother Louis , wrote in her diary : 
` I can phone from anywhere , and I 'll go mad if I have nothing to take my mind off that worthless brother-in-law of mine , but I 've changed my mind about the wall . 
And I can tell you too , Guinevere my cousin , that even if you never bear an heir for Britain , he will not put you aside . 
But undulating side-wings are not such powerful propellants as a thrashing tail , so the manta can not swim as fast as its shark cousins or rival them as hunters . 
Yet can we really take it for granted that parents are so utterly changeless in their behaviour and attitudes to their children ? 
My son did n't live more than a few hours , but I can feel for the parents of that little girl . 
Geographical location , family considerations , educational aspirations -- all these factors can affect a parent 's decision to commit their child to one scheme or another . 
How can I protect myself and my family against flu ? 
'' You can earn the money to support yourself and your family , '' she says .
Because Pleasant Run is the only `` family '' for so many , our Emancipation Fund is one way we can help a young person take the first steps into his or her new life as an independent and productive adult .
and John H. , a recovering alcoholic , rebuilding a relationships with his family so they can live together again .
The only fund raising event in the world where you can bring your entire family , other employees , or maybe even your neighbors .
It seems summer options are n't readily available for troubled kids whose families have limited incomes , so we 're doing all we can to make Jameson available .
In this sense , a teacher can be compared to one 's family doctor .
At Goodwill , it is the hard work of staff and those who benefit from our services that produces the kind of inspiring results I see every day : A Goodwill staff member addresses a group of welfare recipients : `` You can earn the money to support yourself and your family , '' she says .
Kids like Tommie J . , made a ward of the court because of repeated beatings by an alcoholic father ; Alice , sent to a group home to get help because of severe behavior disorders ; and John H . , a recovering alcoholic , rebuilding a relationships with his family so they can live together again .
These cannibalistic tadpoles make short work of one of their siblings . 
Thus , as a descendant of Aaron , John can lay claim to the title of Priest Messiah . 
Some of John Hey 's descendants are still living in Thurlstone and others can be found nearby . 
Until I can repay the dowry , I have set aside apartments in my household , where my kinswoman may keep her own establishment however she may dispose . 
The average birth weight according to maternal age , based on all births in Hungary during the years 1956-1957 , can be described by a convex second degree curve ( Y = 2791.9 + 187.2X -- 16.5x ) . 
Since age at first marriage or union not only indirectly affects maternal and child health but can be considered as one of the underlying causes or conditions that affect it , this topic will be examined first . 
In oriental rugs , every knot -- which corresponds to two individual strands of pile -- is tied by hand , and a skilled weaver can tie something in the region of a thousand knots per hour . 
Crew members can not steer or tie knots .
Parents who do not detect an intermittent hearing loss can become irritable and controlling and label their child as disobedient and unresponsive .
How can pupils be categorized and what are the consequences of perceiving , labelling and responding to pupils in certain ways ?
The bucolic finale also goes rapidly , but I can not complain , since Mozart invites that by labelling it both Vivace and a minuet .
Third , the record may go out of date , so that work can no longer be extracted by reference to the record .
This month the Suzy Lamplugh Trust is launching a training scheme for companies so that staff can learn how to deal with potentially dangerous situations .
Consider : On Voter.com , a site that launched last week , voters can fill out e-questionnaires and search for the candidates with whom they most often agree .
DeLay is now launching a $25 million fund-raising campaign to fight trade unions through the innovative method of establishing a nonprofit corporation that can raise unlimited cash without disclosing donors , a plan his fellow Republican congressman Chris Shays calls , `` unbelievably sick . ''
This is because groups or individuals can attack remotely from anywhere in the world , over the Internet , other networks , or dial-up lines , and they can disguise their identity , location , and intent by launching attacks across a span of communications systems and computers .
Many states have found that involving an experienced planning consultant in the initial phases of launching a process and developing a plan can be valuable , particularly where difficult issues involving institutional relationships are present .
In 1999 , the Statewide Technology Coordinator launched a Technology Task Force , made up of two representatives from each program , one who is responsible for technology matters and one who can effectively communicate how their program provides services to the client community .
Reports of Parliamentary proceedings are protected by the ordinary law of defamation in so far as they are fair and accurate unless the defamed person can prove malice .
The regulation of population density can only be a consequence of migration , not the reason why natural selection causes the habit to evolve .
Now the boss of the provisionals ' counter intelligence department nicknamed ` the headhunters " has called a temporary halt to operations in North Belfast until the leak can be stemmed . 
That 's been the rule about sub-committee chairmen for as long as I can remember . " 
` No one can just see the Commandant . 
Divisional commandant George Kane said : ` Classes can help women be more aware of their surroundings , to know what possible dangers to look out for and to be more confident when out alone . " 
NATO 's commanders say that the missiles are there to deter , to prove to the Soviet Union that the West can knock out ports , factories and other ` strategic " targets with pinpoint accuracy . 
The only person you can discuss work with is your direct commander ( Amir ) , unless you are asked to do otherwise or if your work demands participation of others , and then through guidance of the leadership .
Kent Godfrey , director of D&B Software said ‘ no single operating system ’ can achieve the goal of giving users access to open systems technologies . 
This is the meaning of de Gaulle 's exasperated remark , ` How can one govern a country which makes 400 different types of cheese ? " 
` He can not deliver the Latino vote , " says Angelo Falcon , head of a non-profit think-tank on Puerto Rican politics , ` but he will help to tip it . " 
Hamyan Vahdati , who is said to be heading Iran 's nuclear program , says that no country can be taken seriously without a nuclear research program , and that Iran wants to have the technology and knowledge to make nuclear weapons in case it needs them ( 7284 ) .
` There can only be one king of the castle , as far as male Leos are concerned , " Julie had continued . 
The formation of a government can literally hang on the defection of one of these religious leaders to one party or the other . 
But , Gov . Donald Carcieri , Providence Mayor David Cicilline and others told Chairwoman Susan Collins of Maine and Rhode Island Sen . Lincoln Chafee , they need more federal money , they need it to come faster when disaster strikes and they need a steady stream they know they can rely on from year to year .
No longer therefore , apparently , can we have one minister for health services and one minister for social payments ; but that would be more sensible , all the same . 
Loreto principal Sister Patricia Goodstadt said : ` We hope we can show the positive side of life in Hulme and Moss Side . 
One can thus trace the development of the first waves of nationalism in Austro-Hungary to the reforms of Joseph II ( reigning from 1760 to 1790 ) . 
Before Canby , Bosley Crowther ruled the roost for three decades .
` If you were a secretary , you can probably be a manager or even run your own business . 
But I do n't know how you can run a country on frothy money , and I would argue that Black Wednesday was a classic example of that sort of thing going wrong . " 
He became the doyen of British physicists , and incidentally one of the first whose voice we can still hear , preserved in a primitive recorder at Glasgow University . 
The lady Anne is duchess to the prince , she thought , but one can not be too careful . 
US officials report that Iran can produce several hundred tons of chemical agent annually and that it may have already produced as much as 2,000 tons of agent , including mustard , cyanide , and possibly sarin nerve agent , at plants near Qazvin , Parchin , and Esfahan .
Officials also claim that Iran has produced bombs and artillery rounds filled with these agents , and that it can probably deploy chemical warheads on its long - range missiles .
Dr _Gupto : On the other hand to be able to outline and do the thing that were talked about today to basically completely revamp the public health system so that local officials can talk to state officials that can talk to federal officials to be able to pinpoint exactly when a cluster of bird flu happens that takes probably a lot more money and a and a really a complete revamping of our public health systems .
It can be hoped that Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez will draw the right conclusion from his narrow election victory Sunday .
`` If the cartel succeeds in blackmailing the Colombian authorities into negotiations , the cartel will be in control and Fidel can exploit his past relationships with them , '' he told the Journal 's David Asman recently .
From the monastery , hikers enjoy the two - hour cross-country trek down to Silvermine Bay , but the authorities have warned walkers to be on the lookout for snakes , which can be plentiful in the Lantau hinterland , especially in summer .
1 ) Voters can `` buy '' one of two brands when they select their political agents -- a Republican brand that believes in the minimalist state and in the virtues of private markets over the vices of public action , and a Democratic brand that believes in big government and in public intervention to remedy the excesses attendant to the pursuit of private interest .
According to U.S. government estimates , Iran can produce 1,000 metric tons of agent per year and may have a stockpile of at least several thousand metric tons of weaponized and bulk agent .
According to U.S. government estimates , Iran can produce 1,000 metric tons of agent per year and may have a stockpile of at least several thousand metric tons of weaponized and bulk agent .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
He is living proof that an individual congressman with energy and knowledge can turn himself into a foreign-policy entrepreneur .
The only person you can discuss work with is your direct commander ( Amir ) , unless you are asked to do otherwise or if your work demands participation of others , and then through guidance of the leadership .
Monday , he cited published reports that `` Clinton administration Cabinet officers are being asked to arrange their travel schedules and public announcements so the vice president can finance his political campaign with taxpayer dollars when his funds run out . ''
1 ) Voters can `` buy '' one of two brands when they select their political agents -- a Republican brand that believes in the minimalist state and in the virtues of private markets over the vices of public action , and a Democratic brand that believes in big government and in public intervention to remedy the excesses attendant to the pursuit of private interest .
In its pages can be found linguistic traces of the former rivalry between Boer and Briton , the naming practices of the Khoi and San ( Hottentot and Bushman in former terms ) , racial conflict ( derogatory terms like Boer , Kaffir , and Hottentot each have more than a page devoted to them ) , the political discourse of the apartheid regime , and the counter-discourse of the resistance movements .
Her Pearl is at an age when you can see in her skin the last traces of girlish pliancy but also where the cares have begun to leave a residue .
As a result of the painstaking centimeter-by-centimeter recovery of the fragmentary but still powerful traces of the `` real Leonardo , '' we can now see , for example , that Philip ( third to the right ) has an expression of acute grief rather than the simpering pathos left by `` restorers '' who presumed to improve on the original .
It was first settled more than 3,000 years ago , and traces of the Shang Dynasty city wall can still be seen beyond the present city limits .
Traces of the old town can still be found around the port , though it is difficult to locate anything but British or German bars and restaurants along the crowded beachfront .
Only the latter deserves to be called 'synchronization ' in the physical sense - see also Footnote 2. Answers can be found ( i ) by looking at the variability of both signals and ( ii ) by constructing appropriate bivariate surrogate data which preserve essential univariate properties of the original data but lack typical traces of phase coupling .
The judge ruled that the NEA can not ` impose whatever content restrictions it chooses " .
The WP reports that all five Law Lords ruled that a former head of state , unlike a sitting one , has but limited immunity : he or she can be forced into court to answer for actions that are not part of the legitimate function of government .
Britain 's highest court ruled that former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet can be extradited to Spain for prosecution on charges of murder and torture .
Federal prisoners can once again purchase Playboy and Penthouse . A federal judge ruled that a ban on the publications violated the First Amendment rights of both inmates and publishers .
If for example the fire officer requires a company to introduce new fire precaution equipment in an office and the owners of the office consider the fire officer is being unreasonable , the owners can appeal to the magistrates to adjudicate on the matter .
Because employers do not bother , the papers can be produced cheaply , so more illegal immigrants come in .
In Norway , it is illegal to speak out against homosexual practices and in Denmark , gays can marry in Church .
Badger damage to wheat crops costs Tony Berry at least £1000 a year , yet he can not see any legal way of preventing it .
The offence of affray can be committed by using or threatening unlawful violence , which is the same concept ( with two qualifications ) as that required for riot and violent disorder .
There can be little doubt that the speaker in that case intended to provoke the immediate use of unlawful violence by those whom he was addressing .
But if the prosecutor can show an intention to provoke unlawful violence , as by causing a policeman to over-react , a prosecution will succeed because of the defendant 's intention to be considered presently .
Where the employer can justify such a requirement without regard to sex there will be no unlawful act .
A South London Industrial Tribunal has ruled that racist remarks made by an employer to an employee can amount to unlawful discrimination at work .
The college can not condone any behaviour that involves illicit drugs because of the nature of the students ' work with children .
The Commission can suspend or disbar any person from the securities industry ; require disgorgement of profits ; and impose penalties of anything up to three times the illicit gains made on the insider trades .
These items are kept locked away as essences can make a lethal cocktail and yeast can be used to make hooch , an illicit drink .
Imports such as thiodyglycol and thionyl chloride can be applied towards legitimate purposes such as dyes , textiles , and pesticides or can be diverted towards an illicit CW program .
Imports such as thiodyglycol and thionyl chloride can be applied towards legitimate purposes such as dyes , textiles , and pesticides or can be diverted towards an illicit CW program .
Gud , if you want to lend her to me , I can polish her technique .
Medical Equipment ACET can loan specialised medical equipment after consultation with your doctor .
It illustrates the pyramiding effect of interbank lending which means that no single customer or bank can be sure of where credit , i.e. deposits loaned , it extends will end up ( Shell 's deposit was loaned by Barclays to Lloyds and the latter used it to grant a loan to BP ) .
It is thought that while this force is insignificant in large voids it can be sufficiently strong in the small pores in very fine-grained material to cause rock fracture .
This means that the very weak gravitational forces between the individual particles in two large bodies , such as the earth and the sun , can all add up to produce a significant force .
The Sword Masters are so superlatively trained that they can wield these mighty swords as fast as an ordinary warrior can a normal sword .
The most poetic words in a text can be given more emotive power by using melisma .
They blended together from the first and there can be no doubt that Harry 's forceful play on the right wing was one of the prime reasons why Simpson was able to crack in so many goals .
It 's a lot to ask , I know , and my son can be very forceful sometimes . "
` Tobacco is highly addictive , and patients can be quite forceful in asking for cigarettes .
Hence , the laws , forces , and particles can deform into one another in a space of laws , forces , and particles .
Among the fundamental ideas of string theory is the idea that the dierent particles and the dierent forces can all be thought of as dierent modes of vibration of such strings .
so they can get them spinning centrifugal force comes close enough to uh uh simulating gravity that there 's very little problem with uh uh gravityless uh side effects
There seems to be two possible ways in which our Party can keep its old force .
Force-carrying particles can be grouped into four categories according to the strength of the force that they carry and the particles with which they interact .
In species that fight , a male can increase his effective strength by forming a coalition with another male , and ganging up on competitors .
In some cases it can go on to cause numbness or weakness in certain muscles of the leg .
What you love are all those glitzy London shops where you can indulge your weakness for expensive baubles . "
One hit from a cannon can dispose of all but the most powerful monsters .
Although the boto is a powerful animal , and can sometimes tear its way out of nets , more often it becomes entangled and drowns .
There can be little doubt that the Prime Minister is still the most powerful man in Britain .
Can anything be more powerful than flight ?
In the mining villages … can be found both deference and powerless resistance .
In approaching institutions for help , the appearance of subservience can help people who are clearly powerless .
The relationships that are formed provide strong foundations from which healthy values and strong self-confidence can grow , helping youth become strong , independent adults of tomorrow .
Only tougher skins can take the famous spa seasalt scrub : you rub granular salt onto the rough areas of skin with circular movements , rinse off , then apply body lotion .
It is the toughest material you can use for spar pockets , and the heavy sailmakers ' webbing , or seatbelt Dacron makes perfect head or nose reinforcements for the stunters .
A woman 's strength can not last for ever , and water , if it drops continually , will wear away a stone -- yes , even a diamond .
A hardy annual , it can be grown in any garden where a few patches here and there can be a delight .
Meanwhile fellow travellers can only admire the hardiness of the last great explorer , now 83 .
They can then be planted outdoors or in containers , depending on the herb and its hardiness .
He can not put his finger on what has gone wrong on their travels -- the times of arrival at the ground have even been varied -- and now is the time for mental toughness .
Unless this is understood and addressed , it is difficult to see how a durable peace can be achieved .
More often the problem is to limit the list of recipients , for it can be a costly business sending out fragile pottery or expensive jewellery .
Enjoy the fragile illusion of freedom while you can , but remember -- I 'm on your trail .
This frequently leads to over growth by the strongest weeds , which can quickly choke less robust plants .
Whereas it is simple to make a robust chair , combining these three characteristics and yet producing a chair which has individual character can be a real challenge .
As Cichlids go , this is a hardy , robust species , and a good fish for the beginner , provided you can give it a lot of space .
Although no one will doubt their possibilities for elegance and robustness , sitting on a solid wood seat can test the limits of comfort after quite a short time and woven seats are little better .
It can help to build up your strength , boost your body 's suppleness and flexibility and , most important of all , give you staying power by boosting your stamina .
The climate here can best be described as `` changeable '' and yet the sudden shifts from light to dark , sunshine to shower , are part of the city 's magic .
Then if he still has not come out of the tent I will go down there while it is still light , very quietly , and see if I can see , without getting too close , how he is .
( Caution ! use goggles -- the bright flame of burning magnesium can cause retinal damage ! )
They usually operate at 12 volts , but in the darkness of the garden even a low-powered light can seem surprisingly bright .
A laser is an exceptionally bright source of light so the light can travel much further between successive repeaters .
Blue is classed as a cool colour and can be used to tone down very sunny rooms
One can still find , though with increasing difficulty , those ancient meadows where , as in my childhood , buttercups form a glittering carpet of gold-enamelled flowers , bluebells , spotted orchids and Billy-buttons have their place in shady corners and butter-blobs and milkmaids pattern the ditch bank .
Further , what can be done to prevent or reduce the likelihood of incidents of BW terrorism ?
There has never been any certainty as to how this other writing can be classified , whether as " factual " , " non-creative " , " project " or " topic " writing . 
The South African experience demonstrates that at least under some conditions , unilateral disarmament is not only possible , but can improve a nation 's security .
Indeed , the possibility that he may actually have known Rodrigo can not be ruled out , and offers a tantalizing possibility that we may be reading a first-hand account . 
An unduly large caseload of pupils can make this difficult , with the possibility of resentment building up if requests for help are not promptly met . 
Mr Laird said : ` Unless there is some event , some circumstance , some miracle that I can not see , then I repeat there is a possibility that the plant will cease to exist . " 
In a bound book there is less chance of anything being lost -- especially if you write in ink so that there can be no later alterations . 
It seems impossible that they could not have known where they were ; they can only have ignored it deliberately , and therefore perhaps for political reasons of their own . 
Must the existence of God be probable , or can theism seek to defend its position against the improbability of God 's existence ? 
Naturally curly hair is prone to dryness and can turn frizzy if it 's neglected . 
A game that can be played by all the family is quite rare so this is sure to be popular among readers . 
The probabilities for these rules can be obtained from corpora . 
Repetitive touching of the body surface results in a decrease in the amplitude and probability of withdrawal of the gill and siphon , a decrease which can persist for weeks . 
` Can you suggest any reason why anyone might have wanted to kill Matthew ? "
Leitenberg , who has worked on arms control and chemical and biological weapons issues for 40 years , told UPI that `` a best case scenario '' might kill most of the inhabitants of a subway car , but added `` every calculation ( one can make about casualties ) relies on a whole series of assumptions . ''
Dr _Gupto : The problem though at any given time eighty to ninety percent of those ICU rooms are full so we just do n't have the surge capacity and that 's going to cost lots and lots of money to create a health system where we can take care not only of the ill now but the ill that might come in with a pandemic Paula .
Officials also claim that Iran has produced bombs and artillery rounds filled with these agents , and that it can probably deploy chemical warheads on its long - range missiles .
Dr _Gupto : On the other hand to be able to outline and do the thing that were talked about today to basically completely revamp the public health system so that local officials can talk to state officials that can talk to federal officials to be able to pinpoint exactly when a cluster of bird flu happens that takes probably a lot more money and a and a really a complete revamping of our public health systems .
However , you are not likely to find bargains , and you should be aware that unless you are an expert , you can end up with a fake .
Much of it , of course , using the standards of top newspapers , can not be used since it is largely gossip we are repeating , although it certainly could make for some very good stories .
The climate here can best be described as `` changeable '' and yet the sudden shifts from light to dark , sunshine to shower , are part of the city 's magic .
The adjective beautiful , for example , denotes a quality which can be found in many different objects and therefore does not by itself indicate the nature of that about which it is said .
The terms can be used to denote functions in the organisation .
The multiplicity of utterance meanings does not mean that any linguistic expression can mean anything at all in complete disregard of what it means as a sentence .
Word meanings are especially liable to change because people learn them by hearing them in context rather than by looking up the ` standard " definition , and the inferences they draw can vary .
Natural language semantics can be defined as the study of the meaning of utterances , and to this end a number of semantic theories have been proposed .
In this sense , a teacher can be compared to one 's family doctor .
If so , can `` mere chemicals '' be signs in the full Piercean sense ?
Not only are we unable to prestate the configuration space of a biosphere and predict what will unfold , but we also can not even translatein the sense of necessary and sucient conditionsfrom legal talk to normal intentional talk , let alone from legal talk of Henderson found guilty of murder to a physical talk about sound-wave forms monitored and masses at space-time lines as a description .
Go to work on can of course be interpreted idiomatically as attack , but the presentation also hinted wittily at the literal sense of the phrase by portraying a man pedaling to work on a cycle with a single egg-shaped wheel .
Now , five chapters later , it is hardly an independent deduction that autonomous agents are the proposed organization of matter , energy , and organization to which purposes can be ascribed in the sense of being able to act on their own behalf .
Web advertising is smart , in the sense that it can be far more detailed and specific and because it can reach a target with surgical precision .
It is not readily apparent that Edinburgh is a busy seaport but a visit to Leith Docks can be a fascinating eye-opener .
In a class buzzing with activity a child with severely defective vision can get left behind or left out because he can not see clearly how to perform the tasks involved .
I can deal with my own fears , because I really do n't ever live in fear .
The legal problems faced by people living in poverty can result in particularly serious , long-term consequences for children .
People living with HIV can also experience a form of internalized stigma ( Figure 1 ) .
If I decided I can live with the consequences , white knightery like that would piss me the fuck off .
2- The towers should be located in a manner where they can easily communicate with one another , and totally cover the area they are guarding .
The locality can not be fully protected without having patrols roaming on the outside area of the fence .
The area patrol is different from the single patrol in that : 1- It has a vehicle equipped with a machine gun 2- It can use horses to canvass the area , but the patrol should be formed of 2 or 3 people at least
You can take a ferryboat through the harbor , past the ingenious Plover Cove reservoir , a water catchment area appropriated by damming and draining a broad inlet from the sea .
Conventional welding gives you a very large heat affected zone and that can distort the material or alter its properties in some way and potentially damage or weaken a structure .
With a promising new job at a plastic injection molding manufacturer , his legal troubles in check and a safe place to live , Jerry can get on with the business of building a life for himself and contributing to his community .
" We can change our location , we can come and go , we can leave behind land mines that will kill them .
The Department of the Environment designated the site as an Ancient Monument in 1973 thus ensuring that no further dismantling can take place .
Their system of working can lead to extraordinary scenes .
Many accounts of famous trials , and the daily fare of newspapers illustrate the amount of drama , comic and tragic , which can be culled from courtroom scenes .
This description recognizes that as yet unalienated land might have been used as wild pasture , just as an 1867 critic of bureaucratese can complain that the Crown lands are very frequently , in Government phrase , styled the waste lands of the Crown ... [ though ] they can not ... with propriety be called waste lands , for they are applied to the only purpose , speaking of them in general , to which they can ever be applied -- grazing .
If the developer owns the land , he can either grant a long-term lease at a nominal rent to a management company , or else transfer the freehold to the management company .
Anyone can make a planning application on any land even if they do not own the land .
Addressing a meeting at a neighborhood center , a Goodwill staff member tells the audience how Goodwill can help them find and keep jobs .
These facilities and Iran 's overall program are currently undergoing close scrutiny by the international community and will likely remain so until controversy over the facilities ' purpose and capability can be resolved .
Although US and Israeli intelligence agencies continue to insist Iran maintains a stockpile of chemical weapons , no challenge inspections of Iranian facilities have been requested , and none of the allegations made regarding the stockpiling of CW can be verified in the unclassified domain .
Specifically , China reportedly has renewed negotiations on the construction of a graphite production facility , agreed to supply Iran with specialty steel , including the transfer of titanium - stabilized duplex steel , that can be used in the development of weapons of mass destruction .
There are three separate criteria that must be met before a commercial fusion reactor can be built : temperature , density and ` confinement time " must all exceed certain minimum values .
Tajikistan can manufacture uranium oxide but can not enrich it to levels needed for reactors or weapons .
If Iran can adequately demonstrate peaceful intentions for its nuclear program and allows IAEA inspections , nuclear power reactor technology trade restraints may be lifted .
Although technically sub - optimal , even reactor - grade plutonium can be used as fissile material in nuclear weapons .
You can take a ferryboat through the harbor , past the ingenious Plover Cove reservoir , a water catchment area appropriated by damming and draining a broad inlet from the sea .
US officials report that Iran can produce several hundred tons of chemical agent annually and that it may have already produced as much as 2,000 tons of agent , including mustard , cyanide , and possibly sarin nerve agent , at plants near Qazvin , Parchin , and Esfahan .
Furthermore , it is claimed that their production can be hidden within commercial chemical plants .
The individual artisans ' shops are no longer here , but you can visit a silk - weaving factory , a ceramics plant , and the Foshan Folk Art Studio , where you can observe workers making Chinese lanterns , carving sculptures , painting scrolls , and cutting intricate designs in paper .
A borehole drilled by hand through the mud and silt filling a former loch basin -- drained in the 18th century -- yielded a ` core " of material which can be studied in the laboratory .
On Steamdays visitors can enjoy rides in the 1930s steam trains and see the activities of a steam locomotive depot .
You can obtain heavy duty rubber gloves from some garden centres and most agricultural supply depots …
Before a skyscraper can be built , a feng shui ( see page 68 ) investigation must take place to ensure that the site and the building will promote health , harmony , and prosperity .
The individual artisans ' shops are no longer here , but you can visit a silk - weaving factory , a ceramics plant , and the Foshan Folk Art Studio , where you can observe workers making Chinese lanterns , carving sculptures , painting scrolls , and cutting intricate designs in paper .
They can no longer be just a box filled with gaming tables , restaurants , and a showroom .
There are restaurants and a Starbuck's in the basement , and you can access the raised pedestrian crosswalk from the escalators on the ground floor .
There are also several open-air restaurants where you can enjoy fresh seafood .
You can build an appetite for dinner by making your way from the beach to the restaurant .
The individual artisans ' shops are no longer here , but you can visit a silk - weaving factory , a ceramics plant , and the Foshan Folk Art Studio , where you can observe workers making Chinese lanterns , carving sculptures , painting scrolls , and cutting intricate designs in paper .
Preventing accidents -- in the home , at work , at play and while travelling -- can and should be everyone 's concern , both for their own personal safety and for others .
The Council would welcome any comments or suggestions on these proposals , particularly with regard to the high or low level options for the route in the vicinity of the Baberton and Westburn housing developments , so that public opinion can be reflected in the design of the road where possible .
Restaurants , bakeries , traditional-clothing boutiques and specialty shops can be found in both areas .
Since the relevant ones will be concentrated in one area of the inverted tree they can be quickly located by moving from the root downwards and along the correct branches , without ever having to search the whole database . 
Addressing a meeting at a neighborhood center , a Goodwill staff member tells the audience how Goodwill can help them find and keep jobs .
Vestiges of the British colonial legacy can still be found , not least in the fact that English is Jamaica 's official language : the popularity of cricket is another example .
You can find Manchester , Sheffield , and Cambridge in Jamaica , to name but three .
However , you are not likely to find bargains , and you should be aware that unless you are an expert , you can end up with a fake .
To >>facilitate the discussion , you can find the STLP strawman document at : >> >>http://pct . microsoft .com/stlp .
To facilitate the discussion , you can find the STLP strawman document at : http://pct . microsoft .com/stlp .
Nevertheless , good books on archaeology assimilable by laymen are not easy to find , and if the reader can tolerate its shortcomings and is not overly concerned about the precise birthplace of Indo -European , Archaelogy & Language provides an interesting march through the millennia of prehistory in seven-league boots .
To >facilitate the discussion , you can find the STLP strawman document at : >http://pct . microsoft .com/stlp .
She will continue to blither her vacuous bullshit on any platform she can find , spend campaign money on her rent , and go to bed every night feeling as though she is fighting the good fight for jebus , truth and America .
my date is the twelfth so if i charge something on the thirteenth then i do n't get that bill till the end of the month and it 's not due till before the twelfth of the next month so i can put off paying for something for free for two months
I can see her little gold necklace twinkling like a star round her neck . 
And as Brigitte Bardot has shown recently , even the glow of a new love affair can work wonders . 
A free house with real ale where you can enjoy a meal in the glow of a roaring open fire . 
Of course , there are a number of other phenomena , such as lightning and reflections of sunlight off tumbling satellites and orbiting debris , that can also give flashes in the sky . 
Here the rocks and pebbles on the Ocean 's floor are the same glistening colours , permanently etched because they can never dry . 
Now , the ball seems to retain its shine and the fast bowlers can use it for lengthier periods . " 
There is something quite stunning about ahead of shiny , glossy hair but as we all know , keeping it that way can sometimes prove difficult . 
Both types of system can be confused by reflections off glass and other shiny surfaces , and they can be beaten by rapidly moving subjects although the speed at which the newer systems work is incredibly fast . 
At the Temple 's dedication , Solomon addressed his God : `` ... the Heavens , even the Heaven of the Heavens , can not contain Thee ; how much less this House that I have built ? ''
They can take one of the following forms : 1- Steel pipes : Insert 4 inch pipes in the ground at 50 centimeters apart and a height of one meter then fill them with cement 2- Barrels : They are filled with cement and place around the building , especially at the entrance to prevent cars from crashing into it 3- Ditches : They are better than road bumps because they are harder to see .
The distance between the first and fourth bump should be 100 meters , and the distance between the fourth and the sixth should be 50 meters , so cars can not travel fast in the direction of the building 5- Barbed Wires : They should be placed around the building , around the walls , or on top of the walls 6- Nails Obstacle : These are placed at the main gate in order to puncture the tires of any car crashing in
The 2nd Cavalry Regiment [ at Fort Lewis ] recently received three vehicles that can detect radiation or biological and chemical hazards while keeping the soldiers safe inside .
At Monterrey , publisher Luis Gabriel Cano , although shaken by the murders , issued a statement saying : `` We will not cease our fight against drug trafficking .
If you can get up early enough , you can attend the pre-dawn auction held at the vast local wholesale fish market ; otherwise , have a look at the street market that goes on later in the day .
Addressing a meeting at a neighborhood center , a Goodwill staff member tells the audience how Goodwill can help them find and keep jobs .
With a promising new job at a plastic injection molding manufacturer , his legal troubles in check and a safe place to live , Jerry can get on with the business of building a life for himself and contributing to his community .
` Cappuccino , Daz , I can get a nice cup of tea at home .
Unlike light , which can reach the lens from sources far beyond our galaxy , sound is a very localised phenomenon . 
You can catch one of Hong Kong 's historic trams along Des Voeux Road and ride from Central to Causeway Bay ( see box , page 66 ) .
" But before you can say it is environmentally neutral , you need to know the safety case behind the deep underground repository . "
Two sites are to be selected for the construction of underground laboratories in which tests can be carried out .
The climate here can best be described as `` changeable '' and yet the sudden shifts from light to dark , sunshine to shower , are part of the city 's magic .
Everything is sold here , from clothing to souvenirs to electronic goods , and the market is known for its street-side food stalls , where you can dine inexpensively on seafood .
You can use your Hong Kong dollars here , so there 's no need to change currency .
You can have a delicious vegetarian lunch here .
North of the town , a commanding view over all the New Territories to the north can be seen from Tai Mo Shan , Hong Kong 's highest peak at 957 m ( 3,140 ft ) .
You can take a ferryboat through the harbor , past the ingenious Plover Cove reservoir , a water catchment area appropriated by damming and draining a broad inlet from the sea .
I can not believe this minor revolution has actually come about in response to the frustration of woodworkers worldwide who lose the chuck key in the sawdust on the workshop floor !
Schools of porpoise , dolphin and sometimes even turtles can also be seen but we were n't so lucky that day .
We are not so lucky , because our kidneys can not produce such a high concentration of salt in urine .
From the ferry terminals on Hong Kong Island you can escape to islands without cars or cares , where the local people smile `` hello '' and , if you 're lucky , point you to a secret beach for the ultimate in quality leisure time .
You can try your luck at pari mutuel betting on jai-alai at pari mutuel , greyhound - racing at the Canidrome ( one of the largest in the world ) , and harness - racing on Taipa .
I go through a lot of open doors in Paris and meet a lot of different people , and I can tell you there is a swift , black current running underneath all that smiling diplomacy .
` At least I can say I 've met her through Bertha , " he retorted .
yeah i did n't know anyone that that i can recall that went that which is uh now i 've met some i 've met some after the fact you know people that i worked with and stuff that had been several actually that i worked with that had been but i did n't know i no one that i grew up with
yeah i did n't know anyone that that i can recall that went that which is uh now i 've met some i 've met some after the fact you know people that i worked with and stuff that had been several actually that i worked with that had been but i did n't know i no one that i grew up with
When can I meet your French mistress ?
` Now , sir , " Cranston continued quietly as the other traders slunk back , ` I can ask the wardsman to convene a jury of your peers or we can settle on a fine ? "
" I think Kadafi 's trying to hold on in the hope that the African Union can pull a rabbit out of its hat and NATO will accept some kind of compromise .
I enjoy my Stag most when it is loafing along in overdrive ( the DIY box has longer legs than the automatic ) , exhaust burbling as only a twin-pipe V8 can burble . 
Two spayed females disputing a territorial boundary can caterwaul as dramatically as any ` rutting toms " . 
Or you can simply sabotage the thing by coughing loudly and exploding all over the place and then of course they simply ca n't use it . 
God , thought Bykov , how can she snore like thunder yet sleep so lightly ? 
Animals can usually only ` talk " about things happening here and now -- a bird will squawk when danger is imminent . 
Breathing can be stimulated by gently squeezing the tail , and if the pup squeaks it is most likely to survive . 
` Yes , but can ` E make custard ? " asked the heckler , and the crowd tittered . 
Once you are inside , no one can hear you scream .
Some of the keynames ( like Beep ) can only be set to one of two values , so Beep = yes means that Windows will beep every time there 's an error .
Then she 'll pout her lips and look cross , and you can still see her thinking : ` No , I 'm getting nowhere with that . " 
From the ferry terminals on Hong Kong Island you can escape to islands without cars or cares , where the local people smile `` hello '' and , if you 're lucky , point you to a secret beach for the ultimate in quality leisure time .
` Nobody can tell the difference : Awlad Amira are deceiving the government into giving arms to our enemies . " 
Many of those who voted against Mr Yeltsin in Congress last week have probably deceived themselves into thinking that the hands of the clock can be put back . 
The firms which sell the weapons , driven by profit , become very sly and can trick their governments into allowing export of goods which are illegal . 
We know employees are being blackmailed with their jobs to risk life and limb so employers can make a fat profit at our expense . 
`` If the cartel succeeds in blackmailing the Colombian authorities into negotiations , the cartel will be in control and Fidel can exploit his past relationships with them , '' he told the Journal 's David Asman recently .
The test appeared to be Iran 's message to the international community that it can not and will not be bullied .
` Oh baby , you just go right ahead and grab what you can when you can . " 
Do n't , do n't be put off by that , erm , just , you know , grab whatever you can out of it . 
What they believe in is that everybody out there is out to grab as much as they can for their own private interest and they 're prepared to meet them halfway on that . 
Add sawdust until you can knead it . 
In her essay ` Sculpture in the Expanded Field " , 5 art historian Rosalind Krauss explored ideas about categories in ways that might be useful to this discussion about textiles : ` over the last 10 years rather surprising things have come to be called sculpture : narrow corridors with TV monitors at the ends , large photographs documenting country hikes categories like sculpture and painting have been kneaded and stretched and twisted in an extraordinary demonstration of elasticity , and display of the way in which a cultural term can be extended to include just about anything " . 
Once you have improved the circulation , you can begin to knead the fleshy areas of your body such as thighs and calves . 
You can massage them on your hands , on your temples , or you can use it as a what they call steam inhalation . 
Try concentrating on squeezing your buttocks as tightly as you can instead . 
The technique involves the woman masturbating her partner to the point where he can not control his ejaculation , whereupon she squeezes the tip of his penis firmly between her fingers until the urge subsides . 
Place your hands on the lower part of your outer thighs so you can feel and see the muscle contractions as you squeeze . 
If those devils can wring the necks of chickens and slit the throats of sheep , then they should n't object to some shot , should they ? " 
XML vocabularies define their own tags , and thus use XML to hold information in a way such that that information can be understood .
Belief in the evil eye or that someone can harm another by looking at him or her in a certain way is found all over the world .
Or , the replacement rate considered to be adequate can be computed in a more sophisticated way , netting out Social Security taxes , other taxes , or working expenses that will not be paid in retirement .
There are no guarantees , of course , about how differences will play out , so all you can do is try to look ahead and imagine if you both will adopt the other 's ways , carry on comfortably with distinct approaches , or wind up killing each other .
Oh , it can lead one to a rhymed couplet : He loves his brother and his wife , Does he live a double life ?
With a promising new job at a plastic injection molding manufacturer , his legal troubles in check and a safe place to live , Jerry can get on with the business of building a life for himself and contributing to his community .
Because Pleasant Run is the only `` family '' for so many , our Emancipation Fund is one way we can help a young person take the first steps into his or her new life as an independent and productive adult .
You can make a difference in a child 's life .
If you can increase your last donation , we would appreciate that show of support for the campers and their efforts to overcome obstacles and create successful lives .
sang Paul Lynde ( and recalls Andrew Milner -- you know , in his quiz response ; he was n't actually in the movie ) in Bye Bye Birdie 's show-stopping musical number , `` Kids , '' a look at teen-age life every bit as insightful as anything on the WB ( if you can accept Paul Lynde as Ann-Margret 's father ) .
It is simply that the serious aspects of life are given their proper due before the fun can begin .
Though it may be inefficient , I think it reasonable that each locality can set the legal conditions of its own economic life , as American states do with regard to taxation , infrastructure , and a thousand other economic issues .
Maybe you can remember a time in your own life when you were shown grace .
You can help make positive changes in the lives of at-risk youth in central Indiana .
It is called Il Canto di Malavita , which translates literally as songs of a bad life or life of crime .
Quality of life can be improved by enhancing standards of medical treatment at all levels of the health care delivery system .
Two charming coastal towns on the north coast , unspoiled mountains where you can get back to nature or experience Cretan rural life , and tiny south coast villages reached only on foot or by boat .
; My Life , My Gas ( ad for Tokyo Gas Co . ) ; Make Mens ( placard over a men 's tailoring shop ) ; Hot Coffee— Endless Service ( all the hot coffee you can drink ) ; Mons .
Some animals can manufacture taurine from other sources , but the cat can not do so . 
Bull is licensed to manufacture at its facilities systems based on IBM RISC System/6000 architectures , and related circuit boards and sub-assemblies , which can be used for licensed Bull products . 
The same colour can appear subtly different on papers manufactured at different mills , due to the variance in type and amount of sizing used . 
Early 1990s , According to the British Observer , the British government exported chemicals to Iran that can be used to manufacture weapons .
Tajikistan can manufacture uranium oxide but can not enrich it to levels needed for reactors or weapons .
An advanced weapons program would require the capability to manufacture tritium , a radioactive gas that can be used to enhance the explosive power of nuclear weapons , for fabrication of boosted - yield weapons .
Chemical warfare ( CW ) agents are non-living , manufactured chemicals that are highly toxic and can enter the body through the lungs or the skin .
Fabrics produced from this fibre are fine , strong and hard-wearing can be washed frequently without the shape and size altering , and can be drip dried . 
US officials report that Iran can produce several hundred tons of chemical agent annually and that it may have already produced as much as 2,000 tons of agent , including mustard , cyanide , and possibly sarin nerve agent , at plants near Qazvin , Parchin , and Esfahan .
Officials also claim that Iran has produced bombs and artillery rounds filled with these agents , and that it can probably deploy chemical warheads on its long - range missiles .
According to U.S. government estimates , Iran can produce 1,000 metric tons of agent per year and may have a stockpile of at least several thousand metric tons of weaponized and bulk agent .
Can Iran produce nuclear weapons with its nuclear infrastructure ?
According to U.S. government estimates , Iran can produce 1,000 metric tons of agent per year and may have a stockpile of at least several thousand metric tons of weaponized and bulk agent .
Determining how many nuclear weapons a country can produce with a given amount of fissile material requires knowing the technological sophistication of the country and the explosive yield of the weapons .
QN : Is Russia producing chemical weapons that can be concealed easily ?
The sanctions can not be lifted until U.N. inspectors certify that Iraq has eliminated its weapons of mass destruction and the means to produce them .
Hamyan Vahdati , who is said to be heading Iran 's nuclear program , says that no country can be taken seriously without a nuclear research program , and that Iran wants to have the technology and knowledge to make nuclear weapons in case it needs them ( 7284 ) .
Unlike nuclear or chemical weapons , biological weapons can be made with readily available materials or equipment .
QN : Can nuclear weapons be made with readily available materials or equipment ?
The individual artisans ' shops are no longer here , but you can visit a silk - weaving factory , a ceramics plant , and the Foshan Folk Art Studio , where you can observe workers making Chinese lanterns , carving sculptures , painting scrolls , and cutting intricate designs in paper .
This can be attributed in large measure to the lower demand of low-paid labour in non-metropolitan manufacturing during the recession years and to a contraction in housing opportunities for low-income groups . 
With an appreciation of this , manufacturers have produced a whole range of equipment that can simulate a gentle tumbling stream , crashing waterfall or sparkling dancing fountain .
With a promising new job at a plastic injection molding manufacturer , his legal troubles in check and a safe place to live , Jerry can get on with the business of building a life for himself and contributing to his community .
Glass can also be drawn into fibres , as the Romans knew , and today production of glass-fibre is a large industry .
Although the status of its offensive capability is somewhat ambiguous , one can definitely conclude that Iran has a defensive program that can be re - engineered into offensive production , if Iranian national security is threatened .
Specifically , China reportedly has renewed negotiations on the construction of a graphite production facility , agreed to supply Iran with specialty steel , including the transfer of titanium - stabilized duplex steel , that can be used in the development of weapons of mass destruction .
Weapons programs can be based on indigenous ( i.e. , domestic ) production capabilities , or they can rely on foreign supplies and technologies .
Furthermore , it is claimed that their production can be hidden within commercial chemical plants .
A case can be fabricated around this chassis without too much difficulty ( or one might be bought ) .
An advanced weapons program would require the capability to manufacture tritium , a radioactive gas that can be used to enhance the explosive power of nuclear weapons , for fabrication of boosted - yield weapons .
It can be hoped that Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez will draw the right conclusion from his narrow election victory Sunday .
The sanctions can not be lifted until U.N. inspectors certify that Iraq has eliminated its weapons of mass destruction and the means to produce them .
One way of avoiding ideological cooptation is to choose left-over sites which can not be the object of ideological misinterpretation .
So we explore , we probe and you can probe in a variety of different ways but what are the three probes we have that you , you come across ?
Because Pleasant Run is the only `` family '' for so many , our Emancipation Fund is one way we can help a young person take the first steps into his or her new life as an independent and productive adult .
" I join in it because there is no other way in the world by which justice can be gained .
You can take a tour of the port in one of the small sampans , propelled by hand by women drivers .
You can build an appetite for dinner by making your way from the beach to the restaurant .
Thus , Tat requires minimally the transcription of TAR before it can stimulate HIV transcription from the long terminal repeat ( LTR ) .
In a swimming pool , rubber rings , balloons , etc. float How can you tell if the water is deep ? 
North of the town , a commanding view over all the New Territories to the north can be seen from Tai Mo Shan , Hong Kong 's highest peak at 957 m ( 3,140 ft ) .
The climate here can best be described as `` changeable '' and yet the sudden shifts from light to dark , sunshine to shower , are part of the city 's magic .
Erm in realistic terms you can accommodate thirty three hectares of industrial land in the City of York . 
Grove House shelters in the middle of a forest , surrounded by 5000 acres of woodland , moors and becks where deer , squirrels and many birds can be seen . 
` There 's poor Archie , he canna dae a han 's turn for himsel' , and I 've to earn every bite o' bread he eats . "
The eternal enigma for the cocktail party host or hostess is what to give the guests that is different and can preferably be eaten in one bite .
From the monastery , hikers enjoy the two - hour cross-country trek down to Silvermine Bay , but the authorities have warned walkers to be on the lookout for snakes , which can be plentiful in the Lantau hinterland , especially in summer .
You can walk around the peak for impressive views of Hong Kong , the coastline , and the islands in 45 minutes on Lugard and Harlech roads .
For morphologically complex words this can be much worse , for example the word unbelievable on the same system ( including garbage collection ) required over 200 seconds of run time . 
9:31 a.m. GR8FLRED : It 's amazing how one second can so completely change your life .
2- A bachelor can have a vacation by rotation for five days every month .
He can take a one month vacation .
According to U.S. government estimates , Iran can produce 1,000 metric tons of agent per year and may have a stockpile of at least several thousand metric tons of weaponized and bulk agent .
Leitenberg , who has worked on arms control and chemical and biological weapons issues for 40 years , told UPI that `` a best case scenario '' might kill most of the inhabitants of a subway car , but added `` every calculation ( one can make about casualties ) relies on a whole series of assumptions . ''
Here are two states , their economies reeling from decades of Communist rule , seeking control of a fleet which neither can properly afford to maintain . 
To achieve industrial competitiveness normally requires decades of persistent activity , not just a few years , but it can be thrown away very quickly and very easily . 
The patients were reminded that improvements with hypnosis can take time , and that with practice more improvement can be expected .
However , at least one general rule emerges from the cases we have studied : The cycle time of a fast production facility can be no more than a week or two .
Indeed the time required to create all possible proteins at least once is at least the ratio of possible proteins to the maximum number of reactions that can have occurred in the lifetime of the universe , or times the lifetime of the universe .
The use of modern design tools and information technology can collapse the design time so that managerial decision-making becomes the longest step in the process — and even the time for that step can be shortened with information technology .
The national director of tourism , Mohammed Ali Said , can also claim that Oman has 1,100 miles of splendid beaches and unpolluted seas . 
The 2140 machine prints 98.5 feet of paper a minute and can produce half a million cheque books a month . 
Cupboard doors were flying , the trash can in the kitchen walked a few feet , the dogs came running , and I scooted them into the dog run and stood in the doorway myself , watching the outside trash cans dance across the concrete .
4 12 hand towels can be made from 8 metres of towelling . 
They can take one of the following forms : 1- Steel pipes : Insert 4 inch pipes in the ground at 50 centimeters apart and a height of one meter then fill them with cement 2- Barrels : They are filled with cement and place around the building , especially at the entrance to prevent cars from crashing into it 3- Ditches : They are better than road bumps because they are harder to see .
The distance between the first and fourth bump should be 100 meters , and the distance between the fourth and the sixth should be 50 meters , so cars can not travel fast in the direction of the building 5- Barbed Wires : They should be placed around the building , around the walls , or on top of the walls 6- Nails Obstacle : These are placed at the main gate in order to puncture the tires of any car crashing in
The turkey vulture can detect a freshly killed carcass through kilometres of dense forest . 
They can take one of the following forms : 1- Steel pipes : Insert 4 inch pipes in the ground at 50 centimeters apart and a height of one meter then fill them with cement 2- Barrels : They are filled with cement and place around the building , especially at the entrance to prevent cars from crashing into it 3- Ditches : They are better than road bumps because they are harder to see .
The ladies , who run about a third of the distance of the men 's race and carry twenty kilo sacks , can win similar prizes , a trophy , voucher , money and goblets instead of tankards . 
US officials report that Iran can produce several hundred tons of chemical agent annually and that it may have already produced as much as 2,000 tons of agent , including mustard , cyanide , and possibly sarin nerve agent , at plants near Qazvin , Parchin , and Esfahan .
For every pound of apples eaten , the cholesterol level can be reduced by one per cent . 
He reckons poachers can catch several hundred pounds of fish in one trap . 
According to U.S. government estimates , Iran can produce 1,000 metric tons of agent per year and may have a stockpile of at least several thousand metric tons of weaponized and bulk agent .
The person you depend on can lose his or her nerve about something which seems straightforward , like presenting a bunch of flowers or offering a cup of tea . 
The driver drinks two gallons a day of a fluid that dissolves gallstones , cures arthritis , and can eat through the cylinder head of a Land Rover in four minutes flat . 
After all , the average three footer holds around twenty gallons of water , which can make an awful mess on the carpet ( or on the living room ceiling if the tank happens to be upstairs ) . 
It is a superbly efficient food gatherer , and can siphon ten gallons of water at a single suck and squirt this into the elephant 's mouth . 
Research shows that something as simple as a bowl of cornflakes can improve moods dramatically , one researcher saying that the dose of carbohydrate acted on women like a tranquilliser . 
4 Now many 250g bags of sugar can be filled from a 20kg sack of sugar ? 
To finish the planting scheme , there are tiny species which can eke out an existence in a teaspoonful of soil . 
One teaspoonful of bicarbonate of soda in a glass of water three times a day , or potassium citrate ( sachets can be bought from the pharmacist ) help to make the urine less acid . 
And you can manufacture bucketfuls of this marvellous stuff from nothing more than kitchen waste . 
TULIP wafer cups can hold a single scoop of ice cream or desserts such as fruit and cream . 
It can take a whole day to produce one boatload of rushes . 
Up to 100 million can occur per litre of sea water , as a result of blooms measuring several hundred miles across . 
He demonstrates how when the patient is helped to weep the kidneys can produce sometimes as much as a litre of urine . 
She picked up the bag that held the can of red spray paint and left the living room in silence . 
Trouble flared when two boys grabbed a can of soft drink from a fellow male pupil at Wimbledon station , south London . 
I peeled a carrot and opened a can of sardines . 
When you buy a small can of frozen concentrated orange juice you arc getting the fibre-free contents of a large quantity of oranges , at a cost of more than 200 calories per can . 
In the store cupboard , he found a can of beef stew and dumped it in a saucepan to heat . 
We danced , and shared the can of champagne . 
It looked as though someone had spilled a can of spaghetti and had to make some sense of it . 
He ostentatiously orders a can of Worthington with his lunch , to show where his sympathies lie . 
He delves into his portable coolbox and fishes out an ice cool can of lager . 
On another occasion , l had asked a group to work out the “ best buy ” between a 25 cl can of wine at £1.19 and a 150 cl bottle at £4.59 . 
Stalin sat at the table , drinking a can of beer . 
In the room which focuses on sight , visitors see , hear and feel themselves being poured out of a can of draught Guinness , into a glass , down a mouth and through the human body . 
Barefoot , she padded into her cramped kitchen and took a can of Coke from the refrigerator . 
Add a drained and rinsed 400g/14oz can of red kidney beans and a drained and rinsed 225g/8oz can of flageolet or haricot beans . 
Someone handed him a can of beer and Rain knew he intended to stay some time . 
` Look , Geoffrey , " said Deborah , deciding to have a can of Diet Coke instead . 
Some less obvious conditions , such as arthritis of the shoulder , can make it very difficult to get into and out of a car .
It can aggravate asthma and bronchitis and cause coughing , choking and impaired lung function , particularly in people who exercise .
In those with severe asthma , for example , the reduction in oxygen reaching the brain can cause changes in mood and abnormal behaviour .
Dr _Gupto : On the other hand to be able to outline and do the thing that were talked about today to basically completely revamp the public health system so that local officials can talk to state officials that can talk to federal officials to be able to pinpoint exactly when a cluster of bird flu happens that takes probably a lot more money and a and a really a complete revamping of our public health systems .
Dr _Gupto : The other thing Paula really important is that they talk a lot about the fact that our- we 're a lot better at taking care of patients now than we were in nineteen eighteen , we have a lot of ICUs a lot of ICUs in the hospital behind me that can take care of critically ill patients .
Dr _Gupto : On the other hand to be able to outline and do the thing that were talked about today to basically completely revamp the public health system so that local officials can talk to state officials that can talk to federal officials to be able to pinpoint exactly when a cluster of bird flu happens that takes probably a lot more money and a and a really a complete revamping of our public health systems .
Dr _Gupto : The problem though at any given time eighty to ninety percent of those ICU rooms are full so we just do n't have the surge capacity and that 's going to cost lots and lots of money to create a health system where we can take care not only of the ill now but the ill that might come in with a pandemic Paula .
Before a skyscraper can be built , a feng shui ( see page 68 ) investigation must take place to ensure that the site and the building will promote health , harmony , and prosperity .
Psychiatrists agree that the so-called post traumatic stress disorder afflicting service personell returning from war can change their lives forever .
The law still says that men accused of rape can be bailed unless they have a severe psycopathic or psychiatric disorder .
Kids like Tommie J . , made a ward of the court because of repeated beatings by an alcoholic father ; Alice , sent to a group home to get help because of severe behavior disorders ; and John H . , a recovering alcoholic , rebuilding a relationships with his family so they can live together again .
By providing patients and their owners with organised puppy parties , I can save more lives than I will with drugs or scalpel .
A laser ` knife " has many advantages over the scalpel -- it can make a much finer cut , and causes less bleeding .
You can buy new needles and syringes from a lot of chemists and you can also get them free from needle exchanges and chemists which are in an exchange scheme .
Re-use of needles or syringes can lead to the exchange of small quantities of blood , leading to transmission of the virus from one person to the next .
In this sense , a teacher can be compared to one 's family doctor .
Only by meeting our financial goals by December 31 can we be sure that necessary repairs , art exhibitions and educational programs continue to meet your expectations .
Private gifts are the only way we can meet the expectations of such an environment .
Only by meeting our financial goals by December 31 can we be sure that necessary repairs , art exhibitions and educational programs continue to meet your expectations .
Private gifts are the only way we can meet the expectations of such an environment .
Estimated facility cost and schedule issues receive increasingly intense review during the design phase so that the owner has a high level of confidence prior to bid that the performance , quality , cost , and schedule objectives defined during the conceptual planning phase can be met .
My colleagues may offer their opinions on the latter ; I can only assert that the first accusation is nonsense and if the allegation is true then I would love to know more about it but , regrettably , my request for further information has been met with silence .
The 2nd Cavalry Regiment [ at Fort Lewis ] recently received three vehicles that can detect radiation or biological and chemical hazards while keeping the soldiers safe inside .
Graffiti written by Russian soldiers can be seen in the caves of Antiparos .
Recent events in Fallouja , where troops of the 82nd Airborne Division killed 16 demonstrators , tragically illustrate the need to activate as soon as possible a civilian police force that can truly protect and serve .
All Association members automatically become Associate Members of the group , and both members and non-members can become Corporate members , giving access to services including publications and updates , and representation to government and industry .
At Goodwill , it is the hard work of staff and those who benefit from our services that produces the kind of inspiring results I see every day : A Goodwill staff member addresses a group of welfare recipients : `` You can earn the money to support yourself and your family , '' she says .
Addressing a meeting at a neighborhood center , a Goodwill staff member tells the audience how Goodwill can help them find and keep jobs .
Can anyone tell me how , if at all , Scottish interests would have been damaged by having increased Scottish membership on the committee of the regions ?
When relations between associated groups and the bureaucracy become ` concerted " -- when group representatives participate in policy deliberations , regulation and administration -- there can be a loss of group autonomy .
Students in the having mode of existence will … write down every word in their looseleaf notebook so that later on , they can memorise their notes and thus pass an examination .
It can be surprisingly hard to remember quite obvious things afterwards . 
After all that , remember one thing : the faster you can run , the more likely you are to escape . 
I can remember the first time I got drunk on Scotch . 
` I can not remember where the money went , " Saadoum quoted the official as saying . 
` I can remember writing an extravagant critique of ` Cinderella Rockefeller' " . 
I can remember exactly what it was like . 
Unlike some young people , pensioners can remember exactly what happened under the previous Labour Government . 
Yes , we all can remember one or two truly inspiring teachers from our school days .
They do know that afterwards no one can recall seeing him .
I can not recall whether it was a Labour Government who set it at that figure .
Almost all of us can recall a time in our lives when we have been under emotional stress and have become ill as a result .
Most of us can recall just how difficult it has been to concentrate on anything else if we have a headache or any other ache and pain .
Can anybody recall ?
Mr Reagan says he can not recollect many of the key events surrounding the scandal , which he says was as much news to him as everyone else . 
It is surely preferable to retain some defined elements of musical form , so that the music can be retained in the memory .
It is absurd that French Railways can raise funds for new investment in the City of London , when British Rail is not allowed to do so . 
Cyprian thought it absurd to suppose that where there is no true eucharist ( in schism ) , there can be valid baptism . 
In any case there is something absurd about the notion that language or words can be attacked independently of their users . 
The labels also tell us that the United States courts see nothing absurd in admitting the multiplicity of meanings that a statutory term can have , nor in accepting that the agency 's choice as to the precise meaning should govern . 
Satan now seems absurd in raging against the omnipotence of God , he knows he can not possibly achieve anything by his rantings . 
Indeed it would be quite absurd if companies can not correct any mistake if all interested parties agree . 
Much of it can be attributed to his astute realization that it was possible to break with the disastrous tradition of Pius IX without compromising on essentials . 
Trevor Anderson has proved what an astute manager can do with an average squad , imagination -- and money . 
And the most dangerous players in the world today are those athletic and financially secure ones who calculate risks with the astuteness of a bank manager , but go for the first prize , if possible , and the subsequent contracts , knowing that if the high-flying fairway wood does n't clear a ditch at Augusta , they can still enjoy a steak dinner tonight , thanks to a pitch and single putt ! 
One's admiration for the brilliance of Fussell 's writing can not suppress doubts about the partiality of the picture he is drawing , with all its entertaining anecdotes and quotes . 
` Our defence was brilliant and hopefully we can be as professional in the future . " 
The Evangelical Alliance is canny in hoping it.can win similar victories by persuading publishers that it is in their commercial interest to avoid offending decent consumers . 
How canny of her to have chosen a new sweater with a roll neck . 
I will have to be a bit canny with him as I do n't expect he will be very well handicapped . " 
Women , I think , have to be canny in creating these opportunities for themselves , since they do not , on the whole , lead such compartmentalized lives as men , with separate times for ` work " and ` play " . 
Canny Scot that he is , he guessed what was happening , followed them out of the shop and offered them a tenner for the amp . 
A new generation of canny investors who have inherited family fortunes will quickly switch banks if they think they are getting a raw deal . 
However , some canny high-yield managers have been targeting blue chip convertibles as a way of locking in income , limiting the short-term threat and yet keeping the door open to future capital appreciation . 
His canny bank manager approach probably means he will hasten slowly but prepare for some stand-offs with his civil servants and possibly with the chairman of British Rail too . 
Opting for a diesel car can be a canny move if your annual mileage is around 10,000 a year or more . 
She was absolutely convinced that what she liked other people wanted too ; a canny instinct which she used always as her guiding principle and from which no one could shake her . 
They hardly imagined that there were so many indigent , yearning , crooked , canny inheritors on the earth . 
THIS group of youngsters from Durham Sixth Form Centre showed themselves to be canny consumers when they won the county heat of a national competition this week . 
Another man came and he was canny , too -- did n't make things worse . 
She is canny and determined , and her talent is so special that she could be running her workshop from an oil rig in the North Sea -- people would buy her work just the same . 
As with most herbs , it was used by canny and resourceful Romans and Greeks for medicinal and culinary purposes . 
The reeve of Ullesthorpe was a canny forty-five year old , wiry and spry , and adroit at defending not only himself and his position , but the interests of his village . 
Men who believe themselves out of all danger may grow careless , and make some foolish move that can betray them . 
The Academy lists are full of spelling mistakes ; whether they reflect the carelessness of the artists or later wrong transcriptions one can not tell . 
Naturally , the carrier can not be held responsible for loss or damage which results from the trader 's carelessness or negligence . 
Tortrix moths There are more than one kind , but the differences do not matter to us , they are all crafty and clever at hiding where you can not see them . 
As Lesley Bell , director of Joint Initiative for Community Care , says : ` It is absolutely crazy that anyone can set up a home care agency with no form of regulation whatsoever . 
How daft can you get ? 
Ten years after the death of Jean de Florette his 18-year-old daughter Manon still haunts the hills overlooking the farm stolen from her father the canny Soubeyran ( Montand ) and his dim-witted nephew Ugolin ( Auteuil ) . 
First , the discernment of what are legitimate purposes , and what are relevant considerations , within particular cases can never be value-free . 
“ All I can say is , I hope young Pam shows a bit more taste and discernment when she chooses her parents-in-law . ” 
` And now you 're a magic carpet that can take me to paradise , " she said , not feeling in the least foolish for saying something so idiotic . 
Elsewhere , particularly in sitcoms , older people are crudely portrayed as being either enfeebled , vague and forgetful or , at the other extreme , cantankerous battle axes . 
The choice of a robot as an on-screen guide is ingenious ; it speaks without lip movements , so that the film can easily be dubbed into foreign languages . 
You can simply enjoy watching your players come up with ingenious , crazy or simply bizarre plans to avoid the inevitable . 
You can take a ferryboat through the harbor , past the ingenious Plover Cove reservoir , a water catchment area appropriated by damming and draining a broad inlet from the sea .
The sight of one bee carrying out a struggling sister or even the queen should convince us that behaviour can seem intelligent in its normal context without any need for the intellectual participation of the actors . 
However , there are ideas , hypotheses and techniques of analysis which can help us make an intelligent guess . 
We need to recognise that feelings are never good or bad , only that they are difficult to understand and can seem irrational at times . 
Often this will be written down , if possible in a sequential manner , helping the client realise how one negative or irrational image or thought can lead to another increasingly irrational thought at each stage . 
Atheism is an expression of neurosis in a way that belief in a personal God can never be , for it is an irrational and emotional reaction to personal hurts and disappointments . 
Nevertheless , the notion of career structures can help to explain behaviour which might otherwise appear irrational and disorganised ; it places the activity of the individual within the wider context of age and class dimensions . 
Now , I can hold my liquor as well as the next man , so it is ludicrous to suggest that when I reversed the club van into the tea hut I was under the influence . 
Throughout its history , the game has been pursued by statisticians and pub bores who can recite teams like some moronic mantra and remember facts that are best forgotten . 
What on earth the referee had done to incur such mindless , moronic abuse , one can only hazard a guess . 
Nevertheless , the design professional can no longer rely on avoiding all responsibility for planning interpretation and advice , and indeed he would be commercially naive in being content to do so . 
` If the IRA think they can pass on their responsibility for this terrible act by issuing such a nonsensical statement , then they have sadly underestimated the understanding of the British public . " 
Women are generally more perceptive in this way than men , he says , but it is something anybody can develop . 
Just be reasonable with your diet -- be aware of what sugary foods and drinks can do to your teeth . 
It is clearly ridiculous to suggest that effective research can be carried out only in the absence of an adult experimenter . 
` You can have too much of anything , " was Gay 's sage rejoinder , ` and I rather think her mother 's been overdoing this entertaining stunt . 
Secondly , it would seem sensible to suggest that lessons can be learned from the experience of other jurisdictions , by adopting a comparative approach . 
For one thing , we have to be smart at spotting new trends in feedstock usage , because this can make or break our profitability . 
I think Gates particularly is a very smart guy and a good writer , if he were to give himself the time to write the way he can .
A smart buyer is one who retains an inhouse staff that understands the organization 's mission , its requirements , and its customer needs and who can translate those needs and requirements into a corporate or strategic direction .
Toward this end , the owner 's interests are best served if the inhouse staff can also perform in the role of a `` smart buyer '' of the necessary technical services .
It can not be said too often that the principal job of a modern mainstream movie critic is to distinguish smart formula crap from dumb formula crap .
Who would you rather send to college : your smart kid , who can make the most of an education , or your dumb kid , who needs all the help he can get ?
Decent reviews for former New York Times executive editor Max Frankel 's memoirs : Ward Just calls it a `` a smart , tough , scrupulous book '' in the New York Times Book Review ; in that fair journal 's traditional negative - comment spot ( the penultimate paragraph ) all Just can come up with is that there 's `` a whiff of the puritan about Max Frankel , and perhaps also the rustle of score-settling . ''
And many also criticize the vice president for telling the Washington Post that he might not seek any campaign assistance from Clinton ; that may be a smart strategy in the general election , say Susan Estrich ( Fox ) and D'Amato , but Clinton can still energize the Democratic base during the primary season .
There is no particular reason to think that people who are determined to get their hands on vulnerable children will be so stupid that they can not pass examinations . 
And the characters are so stupid you can laugh at them . " 
As long as psychiatry is in the business of forced institutionalization ( and it still is , though less so than in the '60s ) , it seems clear that the diagnoses that license dragging people off the street can hardly be subject to enough old - fashioned suspicious scrutiny .
Ten interpreters stepped from behind the throne.The English one at last explained the Holy FatherHad urged us all to wear seatbelts while driving.My heart sank at its plain good sense , as hymnsEchoed and golden canopies enfolded the pope , How like home it seemed , with my own fatherA preoccupied patriarch of practicalityWhen what was wanted veered wildly betweenThe gruff headmaster and the drunken playwright.Instead , I got the distant advertising salesman , The suburban dad of what turned out to be my dreams ...
German romantic philosophers before Hegel were infatuated by ` expressivism " , the belief that it is possible to create a world in which human spiritual capacities can be fully expressed ( Taylor , 1975 ) .
I can be reading a book and be totally lost in it and think , `` Wow !
But we have seen grounds to be deeply suspicious of the claim that we can finitely prestate all possible exaptations  whether they be new organic functionalities or new goods  that arise in a biosphere or an econosphere , such as Gertrude learning to fly in her terrified leap from the pine tree million years ago last Friday or the engineers working on the tractor suddenly realizing that the engine block itself could serve as the chassis .
This is commendably democratic and can work perfectly well , but sometimes the intimacy of one-to-one conversation yields more interesting results for both parties . 
If you read with such issues in mind -- and how they actively affect what sense you can make of a text -- introductory notes often become relevant and interesting in unexpected ways . 
One interesting thing about this fish is the temperature that it can apparently adapt to . 
Interesting work has been undertaken in Sweden by Braf ( 1984 ) relating to those aspects of the environment that can be of positive help to visually handicapped people . 
As we mention in the section on Concentration , a good time-table of study can take the place of motivation until such motivation develops of its own accord .
The fasting mentioned can not have been the national fast on the Day of Atonement for all Jews kept this fast .
Here the remains of a massive Venetian fortress destroyed by invading Ottoman forces can be found .
A limpieza can expel the hostile forces and also provide spiritual strength so that the person can effectively fight off negative energy .
Warren 's Shaft , part of a Canaanite water system discovered by 19th - century archaeologists and open to visitors , might be the very tunnel infiltrated by David 's army .
During an offensive operation , if a military does not try to at least bandage the wounds of a society , the effort can suffer even if the battle is won .
But , Gov . Donald Carcieri , Providence Mayor David Cicilline and others told Chairwoman Susan Collins of Maine and Rhode Island Sen . Lincoln Chafee , they need more federal money , they need it to come faster when disaster strikes and they need a steady stream they know they can rely on from year to year .
Dr _Gupto : The problem though at any given time eighty to ninety percent of those ICU rooms are full so we just do n't have the surge capacity and that 's going to cost lots and lots of money to create a health system where we can take care not only of the ill now but the ill that might come in with a pandemic Paula .
Now I can buy a soda and spend money .
At Goodwill , it is the hard work of staff and those who benefit from our services that produces the kind of inspiring results I see every day : A Goodwill staff member addresses a group of welfare recipients : `` You can earn the money to support yourself and your family , '' she says .
You can pay as it suits you … with interest FREE credit , by cash , cheque or credit card .
As Davis points out , it is also a way in which wives can be saved from what is seen as dishonourable employment . 
` Who can have done this evil thing ? " 
But no doubt we can return to these matters if the honourable gentleman raises them further in the course of the debate . 
Our sinful condition can also make us uncomfortable in the presence of God 's moral perfection . 
How can a God , in whom there is no evil , love sinful creatures like ourselves ? 
And all of this can only be because you are very wicked indeed . 
How can he convince his wife that it 's wrong to spank her boys ? 
However , according to the attitudinist , nothing merely factual can be formally inconsistent with a pure ethical statement like ` It would be wrong to steal that money " . 
` Beth was wrong in what she did , I wo n't deny that , and I do n't know if I can ever forgive her . 
A despotic or corrupt government can more easily stifle opposition by a series of civil actions than by criminal prosecutions …
In most of the prisons , corruption has become a way of life and inmates believe that without taking recourse to corrupt practices they can not cope with the culture that prevails . 
Such money may often have corrupt sources , but if something good can come from it , should we complain ? 
And although it may be bad for a girl of that age to have sex , I can honestly say that it does not appear to have caused me any lasting harm , either emotionally or physically . 
You see , Toscanini was not a bad man ; he was so musically dedicated and disciplined himself that he simply could n't understand that some people can play a false note or play out of time . 
Indeed , is it ethical to undertake assessments if the GP can not then deliver appropriate services to meet the identified needs ? 
The dissonance between the act of firing someone and the manager 's beliefs about what is acceptable or decent behaviour from one individual to another can be extremely painful . 
It can therefore be argued that the virtuous conduct of which mankind is capable can be regarded as varying from individual to individual by quantity only . 
He could not do it if he were not the landlord , although in general you can not , in the late twentieth century , expect high-minded landlords to do your planning for you . 
This rule is the bane of fiction writers , who must take special care to ensure that the more villainous characters in their plots can not be mistaken for living persons . 
Just as I can rise above my baser instincts , so this is possible with the dog . 
The terrible stories revealed in its pages , the evidence of foul deeds which is presented , can not just be put aside or ignored . " 
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
You can think of solar radiation as consisting of a rain of tiny bullets moving outwards from the Sun at the speed of light . 
` We 'll go in my car , and you can navigate . "
She shied , she reared , went backwards , stopped dead from a canter , saw a ghost in every gateway .
QN : Can he go to Paris on Dec. 1 ?
QN : Can he go to Paris on Dec 14th ?
QN : Can he go to Paris on the Jan 10th ?
My suggestion is that you and I go to-night and see if we can strike at the very heart of the mystery . "
Now he can go further .
In both , the characters drift somnambulistically through life , unconsciously impelled by emotions of which not only they , but also the author , can give little or no account . 
Remember that if the glider is drifting towards an obstruction this can only be stopped by banking away from it and not by just applying the rudder . 
Bodies often float to the surface , but you of all people must know that those who drown in the Thames can disappear altogether and are probably taken by undercurrents down through London and out to sea . " 
If you putt the ball , you can hit it firmly to the top of the bank and simply let it roll down to the hole .
Cupboard doors were flying , the trash can in the kitchen walked a few feet , the dogs came running , and I scooted them into the dog run and stood in the doorway myself , watching the outside trash cans dance across the concrete .
QN : Can a Scud C fly 500 kilometers ?
The Telford church is a suitable place to start and you can just angle up the hillside to gain the ridge to Creag Ruadh , the red crag , a good first viewpoint . 
` I do n't know how those people can read newspapers when they 're chugging past scenery like this ! " 
Most of the apartments face over the harbour and you can sit on your balcony and watch the fishing boats chug in and out of the harbour . 
Some days , when it 's damp , he has to use the stick inside , too , and I can hear him clacking about the uncarpeted rooms and corridors of the house ; a hollow noise , going from place to place . 
The distance between the first and fourth bump should be 100 meters , and the distance between the fourth and the sixth should be 50 meters , so cars can not travel fast in the direction of the building 5- Barbed Wires : They should be placed around the building , around the walls , or on top of the walls 6- Nails Obstacle : These are placed at the main gate in order to puncture the tires of any car crashing in
A BOAT that can run swiftly and silently without a churning propeller has been the dream of naval commanders ever since the first submarine slid gurgling beneath the waves . 
However , the kick enjoys a measure of success because it can literally curl around an otherwise effective guard and thump into the back of the opponent 's head . 
The snag to this is that although a pan-head can rotate through a full circle , your hips are limited to about a quarter of this movement . 
In fact the atoms in diamond can vibrate at about 40 x 10 Hz . 
The light , strongly-bonded carbon atoms can vibrate at unusually high frequencies , so the frequency of the radiation absorbed is very much higher for diamond than for other materials . 
It is a low rising hill above the waters of a loch and on it centre powers that only eagles of peace and truth can fully feel 
I can only build on this hill . " 
Avoiding the crossing of a busy road , climbing a steep hill , or passing the shops can be much more important to parents than having to walk an extra few hundred yards . 
On another day we climbed up the hill behind the cottage , a craggy natural fortress where Iron Age remains of habitation can still be seen , to look back from two hundred feet up . 
Below , the islands of Rum and Canna can be seen and on the horizon to the west you can look over from the hills of South Uist to Barra Head . 
After Ann and I abandoned our assault on Canisp , we visited Traligill , and when another snowstorm swept down the mountain , we scuttled to safety in a convenient cave . 
Few other British gritstone outcrops can challenge this impressive sentinel , and finishing any of the fine rock climbs here gives the feeling of actually reaching the top of an isolated mountain . 
At the beginning of the second millennium b.c. , Jerusalem was a Canaanite mountain stronghold on a secondary trade route , far less important than biblical cities such as Hazor , Megiddo , Beth Shean , and Shechem .
And I added , ` There 's a minor road runs up over the cordillera via San Miguel and Llata to Hualgayoc where you can turn south to Cajamarca . 
Thus a Briton can drive through the Betic Cordillera in southern Spain and instantly recognise the gypsiferous , red and green marls of the Keuper . 
They accompany the eurypterid arthropods ( which may have preyed upon them ) , and we can visualize the rivers and lakes of the time thronging with the first invaders from the sea . 
If there is no ` market " for pollution , the firm can pollute the lake without cost . 
A cafe with a sun terrace lies by the lake , so you can relax in the sun and enjoy your surroundings to their full . 
For those who can afford the £2,910 for a peak period February fortnight , Badrutt 's Palace Hotel overlooking the frozen lake in St Moritz offers the ultimate in Alpine luxury . 
Wherever you go , even in the towns , you can see mountains and lakes . 
You can often see mats of them , beaded with silver bubbles of oxygen , blanketing the bottoms of ponds . 
I can imagine you turning right in one of the lanes around here , and me going straight on into some duck pond or other . " 
There is minimal danger of everybody being dragged in if one person falls into a crevasse , and sophisticated rescue methods can be substituted by sheer manpower on the surface . 
The meandering river can be followed all the way down the valley . 
Nor can the elvers have any memory of the smell of fresh water rivers , as salmon have , for none of them have been in one . 
The Yellow Sword , Xiphophorus clemenciae is quite rare at this site but can be found in many rivers throughout this remote part of Mexico . 
Up in the mountain , the Bible belt was drenched and from my window I can see the river running strongly as a result . 
The ancient civilisations explored the Mediterranean by sea , and now you too can sit still in a floating hotel while we move the scenery around you . 
And coming back from the sea , laden with fish for their young , they can only find safety in their nest holes . 
I suppose that there are very few places on Moila from which one can not see the sea . 
You can take a ferryboat through the harbor , past the ingenious Plover Cove reservoir , a water catchment area appropriated by damming and draining a broad inlet from the sea .
It can usually be found on banks of channels or around pools on the marshes . 
On our first day we headed for that beautiful beach … but we did n't make it the temptation was too great to lounge by probably the largest and most stunning freshwater pool in the Canaries . 
But moor gripping ( open drainage channels at regular spacing ) can severely damage wet flushes , small pools and Sphagnum moss beds within such blanket bogs . 
Some of them hardly bat an eyelid , but explain that quails do migrate over the Sinai peninsula , and that they often settle on the ground in large numbers and can be caught very easily . 
The weather is one thing we can not plan for as , although Madeira enjoys a good climate all year round , you must remember it is a small island in the Atlantic Ocean . 
The importance of geographic location can be explained by the availability of radiation facilities on the different Hawaiian Islands .
on an island so far away there 's no chance they can ever get off
The small pocket of Windward Island semantic , if such it can be called , has nothing to do with the patois of adjacent French islands .
It grieves Tasmanians that the Island State [ or Flyspeck or Speck ] is sometimes left off the map of Australia , yet no one visiting the former convict colony can be untouched by the tangible pervasiveness of the past and the importance attached by Tasmanians to activities and events which , in mainland terms , are long gone .
In fact , Connecticut and Rhode Island have abolished county government altogether , and in those states the former county boundaries merely furnish a convenient way in which people can refer to a regional group of towns .
You can walk around the peak for impressive views of Hong Kong , the coastline , and the islands in 45 minutes on Lugard and Harlech roads .
From the ferry terminals on Hong Kong Island you can escape to islands without cars or cares , where the local people smile `` hello '' and , if you 're lucky , point you to a secret beach for the ultimate in quality leisure time .
From Grindelwald , you can also walk the glacier gorge and actually walk inside the upper glacier . 
Ski enthusiasts will want to visit the nearby village of Kaprun , just a few miles down the road ; where you can try summer skiing on the Kitzsteinhorn glacier . 
You can take a ferryboat through the harbor , past the ingenious Plover Cove reservoir , a water catchment area appropriated by damming and draining a broad inlet from the sea .
You can catch one of Hong Kong 's historic trams along Des Voeux Road and ride from Central to Causeway Bay ( see box , page 66 ) .
From the monastery , hikers enjoy the two - hour cross-country trek down to Silvermine Bay , but the authorities have warned walkers to be on the lookout for snakes , which can be plentiful in the Lantau hinterland , especially in summer .
Can it have changed much -- or did it rain so pre-emptively that he can not have noticed the lovely inlets at Isleornsay , their green banked lands sloping to soft-coloured waters ? 
You can take a ferryboat through the harbor , past the ingenious Plover Cove reservoir , a water catchment area appropriated by damming and draining a broad inlet from the sea .
Snotlings live around Orcs and Goblins , infesting their caves and huts , scavenging amongst their rubbish piles , and stealing anything they can get their hands on . 
But there 's also plenty going on -- you can ride the waves on the windsurf or explore rocky caves with a snorkel . 
Graffiti written by Russian soldiers can be seen in the caves of Antiparos .
You 've got to complete the quest before you can escape from the cavern and fight off the legions of monsters that are determined to gobble you up . 
Nearby , you can visit the waterfall at Sillans where brave bathers plunge into the rocky pools or the caves at Villecroze once inhabited by monks . 
The real price though , has been paid by the wildlife which once lived in Cannop brook . 
They are set in a peaceful location only one kilometre from some of the most fantastic sand dunes in the Canaries and a short bus ride from the heart of the nightlife of Playa Del Ingles . 
The formation of the seif dune is less well understood , but transition forms , which can be connected into a series , have been observed by Bagnold . 
I know what we 'll do ; I 'll go up on the dunes and you hit the bell with your bit of wood and we 'll see if I can hear it . 
They have a lavatorial system -- located often on hillocks -- where dense concentrations of droppings can be seen . 
The adventurous can also canoe down the Amazon , trek through the Patagonian uplands , explore volcano craters , or sail round Cape Horn in a square rigger . 
The Smalls reef is now a designated site which can only be explored by diving teams working alongside the Museum of Wales . 
You can approach close to the beaches and also cross the reef where necessary . " 
When frozen , some of these waterfalls can offer ice-climbing practice , but in a hard winter the cloughs often fill with deep snow and their ascents can vary in difficulty from Grade I to impossible . 
Hughes ' cityscape is as exciting for the children in her books as the bluebell woods and dingle dells of 50 years ago , and this optimism may be the greatest gift a modern writer can give young readers . 
A single downpour can rapidly transform a lifeless , shallow depression in the desert into a pool throbbing with life . 
If you are booked in to Black Sail Hut Youth Hostel and the weather puts you off completing the main route , you can make a circuit around Crummock Water before crossing Scarth Gap . 
Scotch Whisky is the water of life for many remote islands and glens in the Highlands and Islands of Scotland , where whole communities can depend on the distillery . 
However , as Carole Ann Ford pointed out , anyone viewing the episode with hindsight can easily spot signs of great anxiety among several of the cast required to cross that gaping ravine . 
Grove House shelters in the middle of a forest , surrounded by 5000 acres of woodland , moors and becks where deer , squirrels and many birds can be seen . 
Or consider Hotel Bora Bora where guests stay in overwater bungalows with steps down into a lagoon , or the Moana Beach where you can watch the fish below your bungalow through a glass coffee table ! 
Thus , in addition to forming shield volcanoes and domes , basaltic lavas erupting from an extensive regional system of fissures can generate flood basalts and create massive basalt plateaus . 
Thus , in addition to forming shield volcanoes and domes , basaltic lavas erupting from an extensive regional system of fissures can generate flood basalts and create massive basalt plateaus . 
` You will continually be living on the edge of a volcano " , wrote Hatton offering advice to budding youth workers , ` for no one can know when an outburst of general indiscipline will occur . " 
Obvious because it stares you in the face as you walk in to the corrie , and also because you can see that the icicle has n't quite formed despite rumours that it does . 
The Telford church is a suitable place to start and you can just angle up the hillside to gain the ridge to Creag Ruadh , the red crag , a good first viewpoint . 
So you can get calcium carbonate deposits for example , on the top of isolated sea mounts or mid-ocean ridges . 
No one can really say just where Palma Nova stops and Magalluf begins , they just sort of merge into one another and the sandy beach runs the length of both resorts . 
We sail from a shallow , sandy beach in the sheltered head of the gulf , just south of Cannigione . 
If you really want to be energetic , there 's windsurfing and waterskiing here or you can stroll along the beach to where they still make wooden Turkish boats by hand . 
Of course Jamaica has its palm - lined beaches and almost endless rum drinks , and you can enjoy a wonderful resort - based break .
From the ferry terminals on Hong Kong Island you can escape to islands without cars or cares , where the local people smile `` hello '' and , if you 're lucky , point you to a secret beach for the ultimate in quality leisure time .
You can build an appetite for dinner by making your way from the beach to the restaurant .
You can walk around the peak for impressive views of Hong Kong , the coastline , and the islands in 45 minutes on Lugard and Harlech roads .
North of the town , a commanding view over all the New Territories to the north can be seen from Tai Mo Shan , Hong Kong 's highest peak at 957 m ( 3,140 ft ) .
genome can tell them about the difference between photosynthesis on land and in the sea .
They can be formed on land near the sea , in shallow lakes or indeed anywhere where it is possible for a large volume of water to find its way into the volcanic vent .
Hamyan Vahdati , who is said to be heading Iran 's nuclear program , says that no country can be taken seriously without a nuclear research program , and that Iran wants to have the technology and knowledge to make nuclear weapons in case it needs them ( 7284 ) .
We need additional confidence that China 's statements and actions will be sufficient for us to defend a certification of that kind ... we want to be sure that we 've done all we can to obtain the maximum level of cooperation from China on this subject. [ US Department of State , Daily Press Briefing , 14 October 1997 . ]
But , Gov . Donald Carcieri , Providence Mayor David Cicilline and others told Chairwoman Susan Collins of Maine and Rhode Island Sen . Lincoln Chafee , they need more federal money , they need it to come faster when disaster strikes and they need a steady stream they know they can rely on from year to year .
But , Gov . Donald Carcieri , Providence Mayor David Cicilline and others told Chairwoman Susan Collins of Maine and Rhode Island Sen . Lincoln Chafee , they need more federal money , they need it to come faster when disaster strikes and they need a steady stream they know they can rely on from year to year .
I understand from Janine that you or Patti can provide me with the detail that I need .
You can use your Hong Kong dollars here , so there 's no need to change currency .
If I have n't the slightest idea what the hell I 'm being nagged about , how the hell can I possibly do anything about it ?
I do n't eat breakfast , just a cup of tea and a bit of toast if I can spare it .
They are not arrogant , yet can guard every bit as well as a male .
They 're not much cop when they can open their legs like that .
It 's not much protection from wind at this slower speed , but you can unnerve the man in front of you , wait for a moment of weakness and spring past .
Hill , bought as a full-back for £200,000 from Bury , but a successful implant to central defence said yesterday : ` I do n't think I can carry on any longer .
you can leave it and get your mum to tell me later that you do n't want any more .
If you do n't want to have a card anymore then you can end this agreement by writing to the Bank and returning your card .
Though slow motion can be comic , it usually is not ; rather , it increases viewers ' concentration as they try to determine what is being emphasized .
In fact , he can joke about it , saying : ` I do n't think I 'll make Slimmer-of-the-Year because there is n't that much I need to lose .
Unless she asks a more precise question about a particular regulator and a particular action , I can not comment on the detailed points that she makes .
Is the Minister aware that an unemployment rate among disabled people nearly four times as high as that among able-bodied people can not be justified ?
Sometimes Mark can smell the tobacco on him , but so far he 's never actually caught Babur at it .
One is never entirely without satisfaction when one's friends are in a mess , one looks at once to how one can enlarge oneself by interfering . "
The plaintiffs … relied on the maxim that no one can be allowed to derogate from his own grant .
` No one can hear you .
Then there 's a jolt -- I 'm not the same as these women , I have no children , no dependants and I have skills I can sell without impediment .
One can be guilty under s.16(2) ( c ) even though the office carries no remuneration .
Then there 's a jolt -- I 'm not the same as these women , I have no children , no dependants and I have skills I can sell without impediment .
` Well , if there 's no one you can call you 'd better stay the night .
If , on the other hand , you can offer other advantages in your marketing mix , there may be no pressure at all to reduce your price .
You say that there is no group in your area , but you can still contact them by letter .
I shall suggest however that , through the very nature of Christology , there can be no Christology which is compatible with feminism .
There is no limit to how far ahead you can book nor , often , on length of stay , although popular hostels may impose restrictions to give everyone a fair chance .
They have no obligation to use it responsibly if their , if they can use their vote selfishly .
There can be no justification whatsoever .
Oh , and I 'd stay out of the swimming pool for a few days if I were you , unless you can keep your head above water .
Oh , and the ward clerk 's away because her little boy has chickenpox , so that 's more work for us , unless they can send us a replacement . "
I 'm gon na turn some lights down I think , unless you can read that .
So unless your customer is particularly devious , and is good at it , the chances are that he can be found quite quickly and for a reasonable fee .
There are very few careers in which you can use solely numerical ability , unless of course you become a statistician or school-teacher .
Unless low income-earners can achieve , at a stroke , a very large rise in earnings and jump right out of the trap , it is virtually impossible for them significantly to improve their situation .
She is also hugely inquisitive , and unless they have planned their route carefully , and can keep safely abreast of her , Diana is quite likely to open interesting-looking doors to see what is behind them .
Unless sheep can repeatedly remove over 40% of the current season 's growth of heather , the plants will continue to thrive .
Maastricht deals directly with its problem by giving new powers and scrutiny to the European Parliament which means that decisions can not be made unless both Council and Parliament agree .
Unless you can spot all the poles , single wires will be very difficult to see .
Conservation can not work unless we have the will to make it work .
Perhaps it is better to say that it is a prima facie relationship which can be used for prescriptive advice to hold back investment unless the ` dog " management can establish an exceptional case .
In living rooms , you 'll probably have carpet unless you want a timber floor that you can cover with rugs .
` Unless the costs of traffic congestion can be reduced there is a danger that Europe 's competitiveness in international markets will suffer , " he says .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
Skilled ringers use their wrists to advance or retard the next swing , so that one bell can swap places with another in the following change .
He 's up by the entrance and I can hardly go in there , can I ? "
Close beside it is a much fainter star , Alcor , which is an easy object when seen against a dark sky , and can be made out with no trouble at all .
Or , better , have them weighted down under the surface , so that even at low tide these shallow boats can pass over them , but deep-draught ships can not .
And as he goes under the hooves Andy looks around for John , eyes wide , but John can not help him .
I can hear myself running through a subway , sobbing and stumbling , with footsteps behind me , like a terrifying nightmare .
But you can see that in fact the railway line came round and in front actually just in in the front here .
Those in back can adjust the rake of the split backrests and height of the rear cushions electrically , but the degree of adjustment is insufficient to make it worthwhile .
They can be ahead of you . "
China 's missiles are operated by the Second Artillery Corps , and include about 650 DF -11 ( M-11 ) and DF-15 ( M-9 ) missiles opposite Taiwan ; several dozens of DF -3 , DF -4 , and DF -21 medium - range missiles that can reach Japan , India , and Russia ; and 18-24 DF -5 ICBMs that can reach the United States and Europe .
Although the client will usually be charged with a minor offence , cases can be complicated , whilst the out of town criminal may be involved in more serious crime . 
If it is discharged and a person is injured or killed , the appropriate offence against the person can be charged . 
The early life of a child and the attitudes of those around him can have a dramatic effect upon his adult emotional state .
If Gough can dominate Chapman then Rangers will be well pleased because this face-to-face test of nerve , strength and skill will have a huge influence on the outcome .
So the null hypothesis that the γ coefficients are all zero can not be rejected , and therefore neither the current nor the lagged DM 's appear to have any influence on the rate of unemployment .
It can not be overemphasized that many non-biological factors mitigate the influence of fertility patterns upon health and mortality .
Such costs can have an important influence on the overall portfolio rate of return , particularly for financial institutions who tend to trade their portfolios more actively than private investors .
` Hopefully we can stay in the there this time , " added Wood , mindful that Britain were forced into qualifying after defeat by unsung Finland meant they were relegated last year from the elite nations .
But the majority of these heroes are unsung while their peers in the Civil Service can be almost certain of collecting a medal with their gold watch .
Often it can be useful to select a source with a strong and very obvious bias , at least initially .
This receives the pulses through a special ultrasonic microphone , and turns each pulse into an audible click or tone which we can hear through headphones .
We can 't arrest without her evidence , that is clear , so the sooner we get a statement the better . "
Much of it , of course , using the standards of top newspapers , can not be used since it is largely gossip we are repeating , although it certainly could make for some very good stories .
Even here , if the defendant has ( for example ) used more force than was reasonably necessary , he can ( if appropriately charged ) be convicted of the offence of simple assault . 
A person who attacks someone and who wishes to do grievous bodily harm but unfortunately kills his victim can be convicted of murder after due process . 
Again , a person charged with attempted larceny can not be convicted of attempting to obtain by false pretences ( Rex v. Gallagher ( 1929 ) 21 Cr.App.R. 172 ) .
Under current law , aliens who commit aggravated felonies can be deported .
Police can be charged only with assault and battery and few are ever punished .
A female can be charged with an indecent assault on another female .
Moreover unmarried couples also have families yet a man can be liable for rape of a woman with whom he is cohabiting. ( 2 ) Proof of the offence would be difficult to acquire .
But the underdogs in this north London derby believe their third round victory over Bristol on Saturday , is the omen that can turn about their season . 
This is a conflict of interest which can not easily be overcome and hardly augurs well for the future reconciliation of the differences between the agricultural and non-agricultural rural population . 
They welcomed Nottingham to the Recreation Ground and stuck 50 points on them , an ominous warning to everyone that it 's not just World Cup teams who can set new standards . 
The situation and its elements foreshadow the later confrontation of Sweeney and Doris on their ` cannibal isle " . 
Some of the questions concerned frequency , so answers ranging from " Never " to " Always " were available to assertions such as " Dreams can foretell the future " . 
Perhaps Charles 's hand can be seen behind this remarkable foreshadowing of a new style of king-making ritual . 
With a promising new job at a plastic injection molding manufacturer , his legal troubles in check and a safe place to live , Jerry can get on with the business of building a life for himself and contributing to his community .
` At the moment , we can not identify with any certainty the eggs that will develop into normal embryos .
Cut out the dead wood so that the young new wood can grow and develop .
GABA is a well-documented neurotrophic agent involved in brain development [ 27 28 29 30 ] . Most of the work done on the effects of GABA and neural development has been done on embryos and embryonic tissue well past the neural tube stage [ 27 31 32 ] . However , there is evidence of glutamic acid decarboxylase ( GAD ) and GABA receptor expression about the time of neural tube formation [ 27 ] . Given that GABA is important to neural development , and the early developmental time frame of the GABA system , it is logical that agents active at the GABA receptor ( ethanol , BDZs ) can have adverse consequences on CNS development .
Because of the complex interdependence of TEC and thymocyte differentiation , defects in fetal TEC development can be caused either directly by cell-autonomous TEC differentiation defects , or indirectly by defective thymocyte maturation .
Though controversial , the theory that genes and peers play pivotal roles in development can not be dismissed .
That such genes exist is shown by the many mutants in the genes of mice that can result in abnormal limb development .
Most of the herbs which can be grown from seed are hardy and can be sown outdoors in temperate climates ; some examples are dill , coriander , savory , purslane and lovage .
Many herbs grow easily from seed , fortunately still reasonably inexpensive , and you can save seed and take your own cuttings from year to year .
Nutrient availability is thus enhanced but such scavenging also results in the trapping of pollutants , which can retard growth .
It is essential that bulbs spend a period of time in cool , dark conditions before flowering ( this is known as plunging ) to ensure that a good root system is produced , otherwise stunted growth and deformed flowers can result .
The adventurous can also canoe down the Amazon , trek through the Patagonian uplands , explore volcano craters , or sail round Cape Horn in a square rigger . 
You can cycle between the Tuscan coastal resorts , or take a bus to discover such delights as the composer Puccini 's home at Torre del Lago . 
His shoulders suggest he can paddle all day . 
For organizations and clubs first timing it in this area Kinloss Canoe Club can always provide an experienced canoeist guide ( usually an instructor ) to join your flotilla and paddle along to give up to the minute on the spot information , or if you wish , to lead on the water , all at not cost , especially on the Findhorn . 
Here guests can hire wind-surf boards , pedal boats and dinghies , and use a pool planned for 1992 . 
You can feel the leg muscles really hardening as you pedal hard up a hill . 
Riding a bike is a suitable analogy : if you have been pedalling very hard for a while you can stop pedalling and freewheel for a short distance without losing any speed . 
In summer you can enjoy punting along the river Cam , and the Cambridge Festival of music , drama and film . 
You can also go rafting on the River Inn . 
Traditionally , you should row towards the swan , but swan-upping can be hard work and many prefer to be towed . 
Alternatively we can rent a small boat and row along the channels through the reeds and into the lakes . 
Anyway , I 'm sure that those people you know who can skate with their legs tied behind their backs are definitely worthy of flowage . 
All she can do is tack forward and crash into him , which would be suicide for them all . 
Avoiding an unfavourable current can often be done by tacking close to the shore since the water is normally slower when moving at shallower depths . 
If you can drive an articulated truck to the main floor from the street outside , you know you 're in business .
All I can tell you about him is that he was an ensign flying a Catalina aircraft in England thirty-two years ago . "
China 's missiles are operated by the Second Artillery Corps , and include about 650 DF -11 ( M-11 ) and DF-15 ( M-9 ) missiles opposite Taiwan ; several dozens of DF -3 , DF -4 , and DF -21 medium - range missiles that can reach Japan , India , and Russia ; and 18-24 DF -5 ICBMs that can reach the United States and Europe .
By that , Dawes means software solutions -- hidden from the user -- that can manage and administer large networks of powerful workstations .
This means that you can fully test your programs but you will need to register to compile your programs fully .
Some people say you can test the authenticity by touch?—?real jade feels smooth and cool .
The test appeared to be Iran 's message to the international community that it can not and will not be bullied .
Therefore I can have no reason to believe that my experience is a reliable guide , and hence have no reason for any belief about events beyond my experience and so can not have knowledge of them . 
Because beliefs about ourselves are self-fulfilling , these people will continue to find themselves in situations in which they can prove themselves right . 
However , what can we say with confidence about the beliefs of ordinary people , either in the nineteenth or even in the late twentieth century ? 
The question " What do our beliefs about causation come to ? " , it can be supposed , has no clear and plain answer . 
I do not consider that Dicey 's beliefs on the nature of political authority can be , or should be , divorced from his conception of legal sovereignty . 
However , if the Jumblies could turn that into a sea-going vessel , you should expect that the PC can be made as secure as you want .
They figure they can get a thousand out over three years .
Now I suppose I shall have to tramp back to Moorgate underground station , before I can find a cab .
We give them a chance to realize their own potential by giving them a place where they can develop a sense of competence , of usefulness , a sense of belonging and of influence .
sometimes local events can generate chances for faculty and staff to assist the community because of their unique forms of expertise .
Or the virtual impossibility of finding a quiet place to study or even think , so that the children can cope in school and one day have a chance of achieving something better ?
If you can afford the `` bullet train `` just once , this is your chance , as — in one exhilarating sweep — you pass through almost all the major cities of Central and Western Honshu on the way .
that was if you if you get a chance you can you can rent it
The distance between the first and fourth bump should be 100 meters , and the distance between the fourth and the sixth should be 50 meters , so cars can not travel fast in the direction of the building 5- Barbed Wires : They should be placed around the building , around the walls , or on top of the walls 6- Nails Obstacle : These are placed at the main gate in order to puncture the tires of any car crashing in
At the beginning of the second millennium b.c. , Jerusalem was a Canaanite mountain stronghold on a secondary trade route , far less important than biblical cities such as Hazor , Megiddo , Beth Shean , and Shechem .
China 's missiles are operated by the Second Artillery Corps , and include about 650 DF -11 ( M-11 ) and DF-15 ( M-9 ) missiles opposite Taiwan ; several dozens of DF -3 , DF -4 , and DF -21 medium - range missiles that can reach Japan , India , and Russia ; and 18-24 DF -5 ICBMs that can reach the United States and Europe .
The 2nd Cavalry Regiment [ at Fort Lewis ] recently received three vehicles that can detect radiation or biological and chemical hazards while keeping the soldiers safe inside .
This means I can now go on to the fourth stage , a five day course in the Alps , before working for 30 days alongside a qualified guide as a kind of apprentice .
The distance between the first and fourth bump should be 100 meters , and the distance between the fourth and the sixth should be 50 meters , so cars can not travel fast in the direction of the building 5- Barbed Wires : They should be placed around the building , around the walls , or on top of the walls 6- Nails Obstacle : These are placed at the main gate in order to puncture the tires of any car crashing in
The New Territories can be explored by taking the Kowloon - Canton Railway ( KCR ) , which makes 10 stops between the station in Kowloon and Sheung Shui , the last stop before entering China .
`` If the cartel succeeds in blackmailing the Colombian authorities into negotiations , the cartel will be in control and Fidel can exploit his past relationships with them , '' he told the Journal 's David Asman recently .
This way when we go out to ask for community support and are asked about our board giving level , we can show our in-house commitment through 100% board participation .
By law , the Board is bipartisan : no more than six members can be of the same political party .
The Texas governor ca n't grant clemency to a death-row prisoner , although he can grant a 30-day reprieve until a state board reviews the prisoner 's plea .
No more than six members of the bipartisan board can be from any one political party .
You can also take a ferry to Macau to find an entirely different kind of city , a unique blend of Chinese and Iberian culture .
The individual artisans ' shops are no longer here , but you can visit a silk - weaving factory , a ceramics plant , and the Foshan Folk Art Studio , where you can observe workers making Chinese lanterns , carving sculptures , painting scrolls , and cutting intricate designs in paper .
In January 2004 , a delegation of American private citizens confirmed that the cannisters in the temporary storage pond were empty .
This treatment , which originated in Japan , is by no means as violent as it sounds and it can be used , in varying degrees , on anyone from babies to the very old .
You can view artifacts from the Bronze Age , trace the history of the Easter Rising , or revisit Leopold Bloom 's odyssey in Ulysses .
Although US and Israeli intelligence agencies continue to insist Iran maintains a stockpile of chemical weapons , no challenge inspections of Iranian facilities have been requested , and none of the allegations made regarding the stockpiling of CW can be verified in the unclassified domain .
Graffiti written by Russian soldiers can be seen in the caves of Antiparos .
Because these rhythms differ from the four beats to a bar notation we are accustomed to in the West , Greek music sometimes can be difficult to follow .
Much of the permanent collection comprises 19th - and 20th - century Greek art and post-Byzantine icons , though you can also find works by El Greco , Picasso , and Delacroix .
Visitors can also see a selection of Greek and Roman antiquities housed here until the year 2001 , when they are scheduled move back into the newly renovated Getty Villa at Malibu .
However , traditional Greek dances and musical performances , as well as clubs with DJs spinning dance music can be found .
This was the center of population from Byzantine times through to Greek independence , and thus can be called Athens Old Town .
We can not as subjective human beings empathize with electric fish , but we can , as physicists , understand them .
But while one can sympathise with Ackerley in his various predicaments , it is difficult to like him .
But it 's history now and we can only blame ourselves . "
Nails. staples and screws can be driven within 10 mm of the outer edge of FERMACELL . 
Hedges with few shrub species , wire fences , or even no features at all , can all mark the edge of early documented parishes . 
When we run the satellite sequence , you can see all the cloud that moved in from the west overnight and the good news is that the back edge is not too far away . 
Some of the major new features include TrueType , which can create type of varying sizes without any jagged edges . 
Gilly 's voice was sharp like the jagged edge of a tin-can top . 
The locality can not be fully protected without having patrols roaming on the outside area of the fence .
Moreover , the lunar seismic signals were of a very different nature from those seen in the Earth , and this can be explained by the prevalence of a fragmented medium in the outer regions of the Moon . 
This you can easily see , and it 's most obvious on the outer surfaces of the back teeth . 
Its inside surface is covered with cells which convert the sound waves into nervous impulses that the listener 's brain can understand . 
Solid walls can be insulated by ` dry lining " with sheets of insulating plasterboard on the inside surfaces . 
It can provide general lighting so you can move around safely and see more or less what you are doing when it 's dark outside ; task lighting when you want more concentrated light in a particular area for a particular job ( including reading ) ; mood lighting to provide different atmospheres in different rooms at different times ; and it can also be used to illuminate the outside of the home . 
The location of the perimeter of a square can be described by continuous lines . 
Plants can then be grown in the relative peace of the perimeter . 
From inside the vast atrium you can view the whole structure as well as the mechanical workings of the building .
Its futuristic dome design is striking ; inside are interactive exhibits , including one in which you can experience weightlessness .
The reconstruction of the interior of Uppark can not reasonably be described as maintenance . 
It can be seen that the next , the 13th innings was the breakthrough innings . 
Previous studies have shown that Gad1 can be regulated at the post-transcriptional and translational level .
But that 's not sure , like for XDR which can be used from many levels to convert CPU data to line format .
They can be tightened to bring the top of the sack closer to the back , spreading the load over the shoulder harness and enabling the wearer to keep an upright stance , thus improving the stability . 
Keep those milk bottle tops : with a bit of ingenuity , and an empty egg box , you can fashion them into a pacemaker for granny . 
If you can , write to the address at the top of the page , and we 'll forward your letters to Mr Smith -- Ed . 
To create this light style , the company address and other essential information can be relegated to the bottom of the page . 
A simple shop front , for example , can have more impact and visual excitement than a whole townscape , so too a dimly-lit interior , or a group of chimney-stacks . 
The question of exactly which left handers have speech located on one side of the brain or the other and which of them have speech represented bilaterally can not yet be answered unequivocally . 
Everything is sold here , from clothing to souvenirs to electronic goods , and the market is known for its street-side food stalls , where you can dine inexpensively on seafood .
More details of what we have achieved in these areas can be found on the back page of this report . 
That 's your bed on the left and you can have the two bottom drawers of the chest . " 
Lionfish have venom glands at the base of the dorsal fine spines and the sting can prove very serious and excruciatingly painful although there is no record of it causing any human fatalities 
The Trislander can rapidly be converted to an all-freight configuration , but it is more normal for seats to be removed towards the rear . 
This can be positioned in the rear of the car , but never be tempted to put a dog in a cage in the boot ( trunk ) of a car . 
But a badly fitted seat … in the rear of this car … can be just as dangerous . 
A geometry is built up by minimal moves , called `` Pachner moves , '' in which a given tetrahedron can give rise to daughter tetrahedra o each face .
My suggestion is that you and I go to-night and see if we can strike at the very heart of the mystery . "
One can distinguish a typical trajectory -- shown moving down from the upper left of the figure -- as married couples reach the statutory retirement-age . 
One can distinguish a typical trajectory -- shown moving down from the upper left of the figure -- as married couples reach the statutory retirement-age . 
The crests of the waves emitted by the source can be regarded as the ticks of an atomic clock , and if the rate of ticking v increases , the same time interval t would contain more ticks . 
Hound Tor is a deserted settlement in Manaton parish , high on the east side of Dartmoor , which was excavated some years ago and has been left open so that visitors can see it . 
Even when it is near the zenith , as it can of course be from the southern hemisphere , it still twinkles quite noticeably . 
Make your way to the southern side of Loch Assynt and follow the shore as long as you can and then take the easiest line of travel staying parallel to the loch . 
They became an essential part of the practices of the Israelite tribes who penetrated to the northern parts of Canaan and integrated with local people . 
Paintings of Scotland and the Cantabrian country of northern Spain also form part of the collection at Dee Fine Arts , Telegraph Road , Heswall . 
P&W is confident that it can continue to grow the business further and is contemplating acquiring a company in the North of England to gain exposure to that lucrative market . 
They can be credited with a major share of its successful sweep of the west of England , as they located the supplies in south Wales which made it possible . 
Restaurateurs obviously know that it 's not in their best interests to poison people : however , seemingly inaccessible places can harbour dirt and discarded food scraps , which in turn encourage rodents , cockroaches and other pests . 
( Unhappily ) We act on scraps of information … sifting half-remembered directions that we can hardly separate from instinct . 
Whole circuits are reduced to small slivers of material , measuring a few millimetres across , and the number of components and whole circuits that can be put on each chip is increasing each year . 
Although microchips give machines only a smidgen of intelligence , that can go a long way when sensibly applied by human masters . 
Although real operational amplifiers can never provide such properties , a modern operational amplifier formed within a single chip of silicon comes impressively close to meeting the ideal specification . 
The Bumble Bees can be seen at feeding time , dashing from their hidey-hole , grabbing a tasty morsel and then shooting back . 
Susanna Rance finds out why serious-minded La Paz dwellers can be seen walking down the streets intently fondling toy cars , play-money and doll 's house pieces . 
Careful observation of how the child manages pieces of solid food can be very informative . 
The plant can be anchored to the bottom by tying it to a piece of wood , roots or rock . 
There is another source of light between these walls , a light which can not flicker and die like that from the misshapen lump of white wax dripping into the saucer on my table . 
Poor posture , lack of exercise and being overweight can lead to ageing lumps of flesh under the shoulder blades and sides of the back . 
Those that can not find room form spherical clumps , hydrophobic tails innermost , called miscelles . 
The path here can be very wet , but planks have been laid down over the worst parts . 
In a subarctic land of soaring mountains and elongated glacial lakes beside the great Yukon River , today 's tourists can thank yesterday 's prospectors for using part of their paydirt for some essential creature comforts .
This part of Cancún has the calmest sea for swimming and snorkeling , lying as it does in the shelter of Isla Mujeres just offshore .
Although speaking immediately after Yeltsin , Clinton noted the heavy civilian casualties inflicted by the Russian army and made an analogy : If Yeltsin had been jailed ( instead of elected president ) after standing on a tank in defiance of the 1991 Soviet coup , Clinton argued , `` I would hope that every leader of every country around this table would have stood up for you and for freedom in Russia , and not said , 'Well , that is an internal Russian affair that we can not be part of .
You can buy almost anything here , from foodstuffs to footwear , but be advised that the siesta still reigns in this part of Spain and nothing is open between about 2pm and 5pm .
Ah , then one part of the system can do work on the other part .
Some can still be found today in rural parts of northern New Mexico and Texas .
Second , an initial exponential expansion of geometry might overcome , as the inflationary hypothesis does , the particle - horizon problem in cosmology , in which we confront the puzzle of why parts of the universe that have been out of apparent causal contact since the big bang can be so similar .
Intuitively , phase information can get lost more readily when two lumpy parts of a geometry couple than when two flat parts of a geometry couple .
Warren 's Shaft , part of a Canaanite water system discovered by 19th - century archaeologists and open to visitors , might be the very tunnel infiltrated by David 's army .
The climate here can best be described as `` changeable '' and yet the sudden shifts from light to dark , sunshine to shower , are part of the city 's magic .
Short segments of DNA can now be excised from the cells of one organism and transferred in various ways to those of another . 
the food basket ( i.e. rationed food ) is no longer taken advantage of in full by the poorer segments of the urban population simply because they can not afford it any more . 
Each topic in the sequence of topics contained in your outline can be translated into a section of your essay . 
` I may have told Mrs Quatt that my position demands that I remain impartial , but one can not entirely prevent oneself from having human feelings and preferences ! " 
One's admiration for the brilliance of Fussell 's writing can not suppress doubts about the partiality of the picture he is drawing , with all its entertaining anecdotes and quotes . 
Specifically , it can uncover disciplinary partiality , ideology , hidden interests , professional skullduggery , deception and illusion . 
We need an idea that can not be found there : that the community as a whole has obligations of impartiality toward its members , and that officials act as agents for the community in acquitting that responsibility . 
While complete impartiality can not always be expected in such a case , the obligations of natural justice or fairness may still require that a minister hear representations . 
I can not accept that I should adopt a live-and-let-live neutral attitude to hawks and pigeons even though I accept the fact that we share very similar body mechanisms and an identical world . 
One can not be distanced from or emotionally neutral about issues of self-knowledge . 
Consultants can get round this problem by acting as a neutral third party . 
One can deviate from complete neutrality to a greater or lesser extent . 
Also , charcoal is preferred because of its steady and concentrated heat , its smokeless burning , and because it can easily be extinguished when the fire is no longer needed .
` When DoI grant schemes require detailed proof that applications for grants are soundly based , they prejudge the conclusions to which the R & D is directed and this can be self-defeating . "
There are many opportunities for disabled people to join in team or individual sports , and within some sports people with handicaps can participate with able-bodied people .
The only person you can discuss work with is your direct commander ( Amir ) , unless you are asked to do otherwise or if your work demands participation of others , and then through guidance of the leadership .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
The Prisoner's Dilemma ( PD ) has generated many hundreds of publications [ 1 2 ] spanning the biology , moral philosophy , sociology , economics and political science literature [ 1 3 4 5 6 ] . It received special attention because it sets paradoxical conditions to examine how and when cooperation can evolve even when a rational player is bound to defect .
Despite the assertions of some CEOs , while one key player can make a difference , it requires a team of talented executives to add shareholder value and manage shareholder risk over time .
1 ) Voters can `` buy '' one of two brands when they select their political agents -- a Republican brand that believes in the minimalist state and in the virtues of private markets over the vices of public action , and a Democratic brand that believes in big government and in public intervention to remedy the excesses attendant to the pursuit of private interest .
A World Trade Organization ( WTO ) appeals panel Thursday ruled that although the United States can continue with its restrictions on internet gambling , some of the rules imposed by the country were discriminatory to foreign operators .
Warren 's Shaft , part of a Canaanite water system discovered by 19th - century archaeologists and open to visitors , might be the very tunnel infiltrated by David 's army .
You can take a tour of the port in one of the small sampans , propelled by hand by women drivers .
The nature of the underground drainage can give rise to international problems when streams cross under frontiers . 
Some are in a state of imminent collapse and in others , side passages branch off in all directions and shafts can suddenly appear at your feet dropping down hundreds of feet into the darkness . 
A dirt track drops from the Tizi n'Test to Souk Sebt , but this is now being extended too produce can flow in and out : an extraordinary effort . 
However , half-a-thumb's-length beyond it ( roughly two minutes at 75kts ) is another very distinctive marker point , a 300ft mast reaching to over 700ft amsl ( L ) which we can use to back-confirm our time over the half-way point as we pass south abeam it . 
Certainly , it was quite a strenuous walk -- though I can say it failed to cause me any real difficulty -- the path rising in zigzags up the hillside for a hundred yards or so . 
Even I can remember there used to be a narrow strip of sand , winding along between the stones , Ruth thought ; it was n't a total waste of time , bringing our buckets and spades here when we were kids . 
The rest of the time can be spent exploring Svaneke 's winding streets with museums , half-timbered houses and lush gardens , or taking a boat trip to unspoilt Christianso island and it navel fortresses . 
Assuming I am unrecognized , I shall bide my time until I can gain entrance to the tower and the winding stairs to the upper floor . " 
Freewheeling down this long , windy road can be especially exhilarating because emergency action is often needed to dodge the tractors that chug around the hedge-blind corners . 
The analysis of stable orbits developed in Chapter 8 can also be applied when the parent body is a Schwarzschild black hole .
Since periodic orbits can contain any finite number of symbols which repeat , it is clear that we can find a periodic orbit which passes arbitrarily close to any other trajectory in the strange invariant set .
Perturbations to Mercury 's orbit due to other planets can be ignored because these are nearly independent of the GR-induced precession .
But there is also a feeling that only troops who have patrolled the streets of Haditha can understand the pressures the Marines experienced in 2005.
With the additional troops , the U. S. Army says it can patrol every neighborhood in Dora , sometimes several times a day .
" My guards cannot patrol in the night because of stringent security in forest areas , but smugglers can smuggle their pack mules on the same routes , " he said .
In the meantime , Grozny is to be patrolled jointly by Russian and Chechen forces until relations are stable and Moscow 's troops can withdraw .
ACET ca n't replace family and friends but can provide the practical care and support to enable people with HIV/AIDS related illnesses to stay at home . 
Elderly people can be greatly helped if we listen to what they want to say , and receive their information as important . 
ELDERLY people who wake up too early can be helped to sleep longer by doses of artificial bright light currently used to treat jet-lag . 
The people who can benefit most directly from your generosity have no time to waste .
Although providing for retirement is a powerful motive for saving , the life - cycle model in its simplest form can not fully explain how people decide to save .
'' It may not be nice to say it , '' she writes at one point , `` but people are not all always nice , and therefore a little social pressure can be a good thing . ''
Cryptosporidiosis is caused by a coccidian parasite , Cryptosporidium , which is transmitted in its infective form , the oocyst , by the fecal - oral route [ 1 ] . It causes self - limited , watery diarrhea in immunocompetent individuals but can be severe and life threatening in people with immunosuppressive conditions [ 2 ] . Because of the severe nature of the disease in the immunocompromised , most epidemiologic studies have focussed on people with HIV / AIDS and other immunosuppressed states [ 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 ] . What is known about transmission patterns in the general US population is based on studies undertaken during outbreaks of the disease , usually waterborne [ 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 ] . Even though cryptosporidiosis is a reportable disease , limited data are available on the routes of endemic transmission and on accurate incidence rates of cryptosporidiosis , especially in the immunocompetent population .
It is possible to divide up secrets ( such as passwords ) among several people such that only a subset of them of a certain size ( a majority , for instance ) can recover the original .
Anyone who meets the age requirement can call the hot line , but hands-on legal counsel goes first to people with the greatest financial or social needs .
well i mean how can you contrast the the Europeans and their vocalism on their rights to to say the people in Latin America i mean why are they
Liberal gardeners are people who feel that , through gardening , we can alleviate our sense of alienation from nature ; and that , through good gardening , we can repair some of the damage we have done to our environment .
When you support United Way , you can be sure your investment is used prudently : 90 cents of every dollar raised go directly to programs and services that help people in need here in central Indiana .
CBW can have a greater psychological impact than conventional explosives , as suggested by the 2001 anthrax letter attacks , which killed only five people but frightened millions of Americans .
The area patrol is different from the single patrol in that : 1- It has a vehicle equipped with a machine gun 2- It can use horses to canvass the area , but the patrol should be formed of 2 or 3 people at least
The people who can benefit most directly from your generosity have no time to waste .
From the ferry terminals on Hong Kong Island you can escape to islands without cars or cares , where the local people smile `` hello '' and , if you 're lucky , point you to a secret beach for the ultimate in quality leisure time .
The crucial issue which this sort of situation emphasises is the vital importance of perception between persons of different cultures , which can only be partially ameliorated by the procedure suggested by James Lee . 
However , a person under the age of 16 can not give valid consent . 
We need to ask whether the effects of hypnosis upon human thought processes , on reasoning and memory , are really understood ; whether we can assume that a person under hypnosis truly remembers actual events . 
This centre , contracted out to Queen Elizabeth 's Foundation for Disabled People by Kent SSD , can offer considerable advantages to any physically disabled person . 
Can I contract HIV from meeting an infected person ? 
The only person you can discuss work with is your direct commander ( Amir ) , unless you are asked to do otherwise or if your work demands participation of others , and then through guidance of the leadership .
Trevor Fishlock watched him show that nice guys can be good politicians -- even Prime Ministers 
Clearly also she is a lady of character and determination who is , or can be , fiercely protective of her charges . 
` Is it your wish to so demoralize Aschmann that she can not perform and you are therefore left without a leading lady for three operettas ? " 
` Can you sit up now ? " asked the elderly lady with grey hair . 
" How can an English lady join in such a murderous affair ? "
" I can 't make the man out .
You can take a tour of the port in one of the small sampans , propelled by hand by women drivers .
Once again Hindu girls from an urban background are most likely to study or at least to continue their courses after marriage , but for Muslim and Sikh girls higher education can rarely be achieved without a struggle . 
` The central issue in the appeal is whether a doctor can ever , in any circumstances , lawfully give contraceptive advice or treatment to a girl under the age 16 without her parents ' consent . 
It 's a free country , a man can buy lunch for a pretty girl . 
For sole traders , as well as individuals in financial difficulties , an IVA can be a successful conclusion to financial embarrassment . 
An ` inside " story can also be told in terms which subordinate individuals to some larger social whole . 
Counselling seeks to present troubled individuals with a ` mirror " through which they can assess their social performance , and the reasons which lie behind its success or failure , its quality or lack of quality . 
I do n't even know quite how they do it , but I know they can positively identify the individual . " 
It was in this context that we can try to understand the switch in focus in the taboo against masturbation , which was increasingly directed at infants and young adolescents . 
Their commitment to `` creativity '' can not survive adolescent illiteracy .
Around 30 standard paracetamol tablets can kill a healthy adult and even less if the liver has been damaged before through alcohol or drug abuse . 
Not many adults successfully learn another language without a systematic approach to it -- but with a set of procedures to follow , and discipline and perseverance in following them , you can learn more quickly . 
A dreadful pregnancy or birth that produces a healthy baby can make it difficult for a mother to allow her baby to cry even for a few minutes . 
A new born baby can be really quite chubby and these little premature babies have very , very little fat under their skin and fat insulates us does n't it ? 
Very young babies show rage , turning scarlet in the face and screaming , but only when they become toddlers can they hit out at whoever is preventing them from doing what they want . 
Young babies can sometimes look so uncomfortable when their heads loll and wobble about as they sit in their car seat or carrier . 
Secondly , children in care , we 're helping them get out of care as fast as they can , and we 're helping them get set up properly , with proper support and so on . 
Observing that the effective school can help the disadvantaged child to make use of the opportunities schools provide , the report also commented upon the scale of the contribution which the effective school could make . 
As soon as the child can walk the sphere of his education is extended . 
Lasting immunity can be provided by then vaccinating the infant at 6 , 10 and 14 weeks of age with DPT vaccine . 
In training for youth , the child must be given reasons ; in the training of the infant for childhood this can not be done . 
The typical full-term infant can be described as asleep for about seventeen hours out of the twenty-four . 
If you have teenagers at home , planning a meal can be tricky ; you may think you have them pinned down , but one phone call and they are up and away to more exciting prospects . 
Alternatively , it can be used as an independent , project-based video course for young teenagers . 
` Even Anthony Hopkins is rattled by Coppola , so you can imagine what a seventeen-year-old kid from Ohio felt like . " 
Kids like Tommie J . , made a ward of the court because of repeated beatings by an alcoholic father ; Alice , sent to a group home to get help because of severe behavior disorders ; and John H . , a recovering alcoholic , rebuilding a relationships with his family so they can live together again .
But he was an American citizen , born in the States as far as I can make out . "
In January 2004 , a delegation of American private citizens confirmed that the cannisters in the temporary storage pond were empty .
CBW can have a greater psychological impact than conventional explosives , as suggested by the 2001 anthrax letter attacks , which killed only five people but frightened millions of Americans .
No matter whether a person is a Muslim , a Jew , a Hindu or an agnostic/atheist , they can be moral .
` The worse thing you can do to a Muslim is insult Muhammad . "
If the pilots , flight attendants and management can not agree a new buyout , Coniston said it would force a restructuring of UAL which could include selling off the company 's planes and its air routes . 
The room maid can enter maintenance requests into the system via the telephone , saving time in tracking down members of staff . " 
For example , the manager of the Oldham branch of a clearing bank can not issue instructions to employees in the Huddersfield branch . 
In the same way the sales manager can optimize his launch date to ensure earliest returns on the new product by accepting a small risk that he will not be able to deliver on the promised date . 
More and more doctors realise that diet can influence disease , William Pryor , professor of chemistry and biochemistry at Louisiana State University , USA , told the conference . 
No one -- not even the hotel receptionist -- can explain why they are there . 
Henry III rewarded his servants on occasion with offices of this kind : in 1265 he granted the wardenship of Cannock Forest to his surgeon , Master Thomas of Weseham , to hold in fee . 
There 's only one way you can cripple a bad scientist , and that 's to demonstrate how bad his science is .
Warren 's Shaft , part of a Canaanite water system discovered by 19th - century archaeologists and open to visitors , might be the very tunnel infiltrated by David 's army .
1 ) Voters can `` buy '' one of two brands when they select their political agents -- a Republican brand that believes in the minimalist state and in the virtues of private markets over the vices of public action , and a Democratic brand that believes in big government and in public intervention to remedy the excesses attendant to the pursuit of private interest .
Ronni found herself glancing beyond his broad shoulders to the half-shuttered , sumptuously furnished room beyond , with its rug-strewn floor , picture-covered walls and vast , deeply unsettling canopied bed . 
This can be particularly profitable as a fresh look from an outsider may reveal untapped sales potential and markets not recognised by the local estate agent . 
If you can get up early enough , you can attend the pre-dawn auction held at the vast local wholesale fish market ; otherwise , have a look at the street market that goes on later in the day .
You can look out and see hills and trees and not another house in sight . 
From here guests can look out over Lake Como . 
A detailed observation of the mother feeding the child can give a guide to the emotional nature of the relationship . 
However , the following dialogue noted during a classroom observation , demonstrates how a teacher 's insensitivity can result in conflict with Afro-Caribbean young people . 
Careful observation of how the child manages pieces of solid food can be very informative . 
Should I just take a peek through the windows of those double doors -- see if I can see him -- Vern 's dad ? 
Birds can experience quiet sleep when they are peeking as well as when their eyes are closed . 
Take time to savour a wine 's qualities and make notes , so you can remember its name . 
Dozy sales teams can also be motivated by the sniff of citrus without even knowing it , he claims . 
Like a wine connoisseur who only has to sniff the vintage to know how good it is , a cat can learn all it wants to know without actually trying the food . 
It is n't an offence in itself to sniff glue , but the effect on young people can result in possible conviction for public order offences such as threatening behaviour or breach of the peace . 
The more complicated feel they can not be contained ` in such a small room " and then start ` spying through the window " . 
It can be said I wanted to taste other joys which were available in life before the inevitable disaster . 
People can also view the garden by appointment . 
Being a 3D game , you can view objects from any angle , or indeed yourself ! 
The Surgeon explains that they can view the process on a tv monitor by using an ultrasound fibre . 
At one point a whole area steams gently so that the visitor can view the sun through a vapoury haze . 
Keep well away so that you can see slopes properly and , when possible , view the field from at least two sides . 
Mares and foals can be seen until the end of July ; the stallions are viewed and the routine of the Stud is fully explained . 
You can view artifacts from the Bronze Age , trace the history of the Easter Rising , or revisit Leopold Bloom 's odyssey in Ulysses .
From inside the vast atrium you can view the whole structure as well as the mechanical workings of the building .
We have always loved to talk about and look at ourselves , as anyone who has watched or seen on TV home videos of family life can tell you . 
Cupboard doors were flying , the trash can in the kitchen walked a few feet , the dogs came running , and I scooted them into the dog run and stood in the doorway myself , watching the outside trash cans dance across the concrete .
All I can do is to watch the house and leave my agent , Warner , on guard at the gates .
Beautiful Ruby can detect a hint of misogyny from across the Atlantic and is not enough like Kenny Rogers ' Ruby , though Connie admires her unreservedly .
However , a scorpion can detect air moving at 0.072 kilometres per hour -- 100 times slower than a light breeze on the Beaufort scale . 
Then , using sensitive equipment in a laboratory , scientists found that pigeons can detect sounds as low as 0.1 hertz -- that is , one vibration every ten seconds . 
How can one detect the early signs of relapse ? 
Organisms can also be detected in food . 
Nowadays few people can detect this very slight disability although I tend to limp a bit if I get tired . 
The females of some moths produce an odour that the males can detect with large feathery antennae . 
Sin detected can contrive all manner of veils to cover its nakedness . 
Yes , thought Dyson , at that I can feel a pricking behind the lids of my eyes ! 
Five year old Dick can see the colour changes and feel vibrations from the bubble tube . 
Can I feel tension in either of my legs ? 
Some people who have become severely deafened do not wear rubber soles on their shoes because they can only feel the vibration through the floor when wearing leather soles . 
I can feel again beneath my fingers the vigorous resentment of the caterpillar , the wet , leathery hydrangea leaves , and my mother 's little work-worn hand . 
So it 's normally brought to us either by , the neighbours ringing in or somebody passing by saying they can hear screaming . 
Some acid house parties can be heard miles away across the countryside : the inhabitants of normally quiet villages deserve protection . 
They become extra sensitive to tiny vibrations made by sounds and can almost ` hear through their feet " . 
Prosperity is in the air ; the roar of the `` Celtic Tiger `` can clearly be heard .
The thing is , you can use the filthiest sound in the world , but if you mix it really low , you 'll actually perceive it as a clean sound . 
The definition can be made more accurate , but not wholly satisfactory by specifying that the other animal must have changed its behaviour because it perceived the signal through its sense organs , and was not physically forced . 
The two are clearly allied , however , since we can perceive directly through the mental faculty of sight -- subtle sight , one could say -- as well as via input through the physical eyes . 
From this viewpoint we can see that , although the centre of Funchal is very built-up , there is still a lot of green land around the city . 
They can often be seen climbing up creosoted telegraph-poles in a vain search for food . 
` I can see both ways along the Bridge . " 
Wait until you can see the first true leaves between the two seed leaves . 
For this reason we can see a little way beyond the horizon H even on the Earth . 
On a clear day you can see them from 20 miles away at Port Isaac . 
` Can you see the blackboard from the back of the room ? " , 
You can see this typical shape in some house plants , such as weeping fig . 
So you can see your own name on your garments ? 
Posting mothers ' names where they can be easily seen by anyone entering the unit should be avoided , and a policy developed specifying who is authorised to transfer babies between mothers ' rooms and the nursery . 
Scraps of the local railway system , which died in the 1930s , can be seen imbedded in Los Angeles boulevards like fragments of a lost civilisation . 
He can not see over tall buildings , over hills , or through woods , however . 
From here , on a clear day , you can see right across the Moyle channel to Scotland , less than 13 miles away . 
` You can see right through Doddie 's head now . 
Can I see upstairs ? " 
Chemical weapon projectiles contain a blasting tube which can be seen in an X-ray .
They can take one of the following forms : 1- Steel pipes : Insert 4 inch pipes in the ground at 50 centimeters apart and a height of one meter then fill them with cement 2- Barrels : They are filled with cement and place around the building , especially at the entrance to prevent cars from crashing into it 3- Ditches : They are better than road bumps because they are harder to see .
Graffiti written by Russian soldiers can be seen in the caves of Antiparos .
At Goodwill , it is the hard work of staff and those who benefit from our services that produces the kind of inspiring results I see every day : A Goodwill staff member addresses a group of welfare recipients : `` You can earn the money to support yourself and your family , '' she says .
Wildebeest eat grass , and grass grows after rain ; they can sense where rain is falling by using their eyes and ears ( but not their noses ) : they then migrate in that direction . 
He sensed my curiosity about how much the twins were worth , and for a few seconds reticence and candour fought across his face , but then he shrugged . 
I fancy sometimes that I can still smell stale tobacco-smoke in here , the place is impregnated with it . 
I can taste blood running down the back of my throat , then my arms are grabbed and everything just spins all colours and then black . 
Can you taste the clover in it ? 
I can taste the liquor in my throat , which I drank to still the pain in my heart . " 
I can taste it ! " 
` It 's the same thing as people talking too loudly in public places so they can be overheard by strangers . 
The acquisition and creation of these various weapon systems can also be seen as a response to Iran 's own experience as a victim of chemical and missile attacks during the Iran - Iraq War .
you know even um like orchestra orchestra players can find a job sometimes in Europe when they ca n't find one here and um i 'm a trumpet player
In my view they need good steady husbands as soon as they can be found , and Harry Burrows needs a commission in the army and to be sent somewhere really uncomfortable . 
Your future husband , that 's up to you know who , but as for everything else The Savoy Group can arrange it . 
I can love my wife in the usual way and I can love Shinko in the unusual way ! 
I can hardly say to him that his wife is having an affair with another man . 
Even if the employee is successful in the job , if the spouse can not adapt to live in the English culture and speak the language , the assignment may well fail . 
During the second six months he can , and may get a little work ; but until at least a year after the end of pupillage he will probably have to live on his parents or spouse . 
You realise how very lucky you are to be given another chance to be happy , and appreciate the blessing you have received in finding a soulmate and companion you can trust . 
Happily married with two children to an American , she carries around a secret she can not bring herself to tell her mother , Winnie . 
2- A bachelor can have a vacation by rotation for five days every month .
If becoming a person can only arise through communion with God , then in the same way the marriage of two persons arises and is sustained only in God . 
It is that of marriage with some person that you can make happy in your approbation . 
The startled youngster said : ` I have n't got a girlfriend , but I reckon I can afford one now . 
Playing hard to get is a game which can go on for some considerable time , especially if one has as ardent a suitor as the French . 
Maisy was a spinster , and appreciated cider almost as much as Sooty ` Silly old bugger , " muttered Knocker , ` but he never makes any trouble , so what can I do ? " 
Although it happens far less frequently , a divorced man can rely on his former wife 's contribution record during the years they were married to improve his basic pension . 
Violette is driving up from Geneva with from what I can make out is her latest beau and two friends . 
A bill comes in and along comes sugar daddy with a loan , you can t resist it . 
But you can manage with the cooking ; and the other part help your mates . "
He 's new to the Internet , but he 's learning to type so he can e-mail my sister , his fiancee .
Accordingly , the belief that muscle fiber type can predict athletic success gained credibility .
Assessing the external environment is particularly important , in part because so many external forces that fall beyond an organization 's influence can powerfully affect its chances for success .
If you can increase your last donation , we would appreciate that show of support for the campers and their efforts to overcome obstacles and create successful lives .
If successful , a retailer 's private-label program can capitalize on the same type of strong brand recognition that has yielded profits to companies like Levi Strauss or more recently Tommy Hilfiger .
These beliefs must have aroused considerable anxiety among followers of Calvin : Weber suggested that believers must have experienced ` salvation panic '' , The only way to bring about a degree of calm , claimed Weber , would be to think that , like the good tree that can not bear evil fruit , people could not be successful in this world without God 's blessing .
The cynical spin : Anyone can succeed if he stops wasting his energy on others .
A similar picture can be seen from Chart 2 which shows how we are perceived in terms of providing ` high rates of interest for savings " .
Can it read text files from a word processor and pictures from a graphics package ?
You can use them as my brother does , to put pictures of your loved ones in , to remind yourself what you 're working for , personally I find that rather tacky .
The individual artisans ' shops are no longer here , but you can visit a silk - weaving factory , a ceramics plant , and the Foshan Folk Art Studio , where you can observe workers making Chinese lanterns , carving sculptures , painting scrolls , and cutting intricate designs in paper .
The Queen of Beauty can not be pinned down to one expression , and every female image of beauty that is created is only a single realization of a great range of possibilities .
When you bear in mind that a 256 colour image at 1024 by 768 pixels is 768 K in size then it is not surprising that ordinary monitor controller cards simply can not redraw the screen image with any speed .
By other forms of reproduction an image may be more or less degraded , so that nothing can be learnt from them .
Madam Regent attended church and the mission schools ( which you can still visit in Honolulu ) and burned images of the old Hawaiian gods , while Kamehameha II entertained lavishly in the company of his wives .
Tons of food have been sent to Somalia but armed gangs have hijacked lorries , plundered stores and intercepted convoys before they can reach starving villagers . 
Their country can seldom have been free from the threat of sea-borne attack in the tenth and eleventh centuries , when piracy and coastal harrying were seemingly endemic . 
Any secret can be pirated , the experts said , if it is transmitted over the air .
At low tide , the sewage outfall at Porthleven harbour can be seen depositing thick sludge into the sea . 
Pollutants can also be actively deposited by local weather effects such as mist . 
For it to be used as a practical business tool it has to be taken further , both in terms of enhancing its measurement potential and embedding it in appropriate computer software so it can be readily used . 
It can be planted in a pot , and embedded in the gravel . 
Science can be embedded in many other activities . 
Consider embedding the names of programmers or the company name within the program code ; this can be extremely useful evidentially if a software pirate denies copying . 
Working out the length of guttering can be done at ground level ; calculate the length of downpipe by hanging a string from the existing gutters or downpipe . 
And if you add cup hooks to the edges you can hang things from them as well . 
You can create many different patterns , such as hanging an oval picture between two rectangular pictures . 
The pages can be immersed in a solution of hypochloride and bleached till the stains , if they are not too recalcitrant , have disappeared . 
Science can now achieve extraordinary results , implanting embryos into a womb , filming the progress of the foetus , and providing details of its sex and genetic make-up . 
The transponders can sound an alarm if the animal is killed and can also be implanted in the rhino 's horn , allowing it , and the poachers , to be tracked if it is cut off . 
If you insert three blank rows at the top of the spreadsheet you can use B2 to record the average inflation per year that you expect for the life of the savings plan . 
The other thing to remember is that you can damage your discs by inserting them before switching the computer on , or for that matter by leaving them in while you switch it off . 
Business forms -- where screen based equipment is being used students can recall templates or stored formats and insert relevant information by doing a ` fill " . 
After laparotomy cannulae were inserted proximally by duodenotomy and distally by terminal ileotomy as described previously . 
Floppy discs from the design computer can be inserted directly into the machine enabling a sample to be made within hours instead of days . 
The stomach , exposed by a midline laparotomy , was prepared for continuous perfusion by an inflow cannula inserted through the oesophagus and an outflow cannula inserted through the pylorus . 
They can take one of the following forms : 1- Steel pipes : Insert 4 inch pipes in the ground at 50 centimeters apart and a height of one meter then fill them with cement 2- Barrels : They are filled with cement and place around the building , especially at the entrance to prevent cars from crashing into it 3- Ditches : They are better than road bumps because they are harder to see .
Or parameters which provoke the discharger 's concern can be framed leniently , control being assured by the insertion of a much stricter parameter of more general application . 
The hypopharynx is well adapted to the presence of a foreign body , and insertion of the laryngeal mask can easily be achieved in awake patients under topical anaesthesia and sedation . 
This can be illustrated through the increasing trend of restricting liability by reference to labelling and the insertion of instructions for use . 
Lowden have managed to pack a big sound into a small package and the end result is a guitar that can cope with anything from basic stage accompaniment to virtuoso-standard fingerpicking . 
We can not park at the weekend and people are already parking on the grass verge . " 
You must always stand so that you face the opponent because this is the position from which you can launch the maximum number of powerful attacks and place your opponent at a disadvantage . 
It is only by placing the new station beneath the existing one that all the required rail connections can be made . 
Place your hands above your knees so you can feel and see the muscle contractions . 
Peter Gaskell placed a half sheet of exercise-book paper on the counter and said , ` Can I have the order , please ? 
They can take one of the following forms : 1- Steel pipes : Insert 4 inch pipes in the ground at 50 centimeters apart and a height of one meter then fill them with cement 2- Barrels : They are filled with cement and place around the building , especially at the entrance to prevent cars from crashing into it 3- Ditches : They are better than road bumps because they are harder to see .
The distance between the first and fourth bump should be 100 meters , and the distance between the fourth and the sixth should be 50 meters , so cars can not travel fast in the direction of the building 5- Barbed Wires : They should be placed around the building , around the walls , or on top of the walls 6- Nails Obstacle : These are placed at the main gate in order to puncture the tires of any car crashing in
It can be planted in a pot , and embedded in the gravel . 
Research can help a company to position its product in the market . 
This dowel can rotate freely , which helps in positioning the blocks . 
These graphics can then be enlarged or reduced and positioned anywhere on the page . 
You can achieve much softer and more interesting effects by using different types of light carefully positioned around a room . 
Bright Eyes : you can keep shampoo out of babies ' eyes by smearing a line of Vaseline just above their eyebrows . 
Somewhere around there she can stash Jamie 's things . 
Stash old plastic or paper shopping bags near the rubbish or garbage bin and then you can re-cycle them as bin liners . 
Leftover carpet ( for when you reposition it ) can be tucked under the stair landing . 
Something I can tuck underneath my arm and use to get about with . " 
The dishwasher has been tucked away in the central island and is opposite the main sink , so dishes can be quickly rinsed and put out of sight . 
HIBS can tuck away their passports until their summer hols if they do n't beat Anderlecht at Easter Road on Tuesday night . 
If you want a printed sleeve for your record , you need them before the discs are being made so that they can be delivered to the pressing plant and bagged up . 
This evidence should then be filed so that if it is challenged or its validity is questioned , the company can show that it has acted not only in good faith but with due care and prudence . 
Readers Packs come in an easy-to-store form and can be shelved just like a book . 
Curtains can also be elegantly draped back over specially designed curtain-holders . 
Bromley ( 1981 ) has shown how abundant biogenic and inorganic sedimentary textures can be revealed by lightly brushing thin mineral oil on a dry chalk surface and allowing it to ` develop " over about 30 minutes . 
Damp rising through solid floors can usually be cured by brushing on a double coat of liquid bitumen-based damp-proofing compound . 
We wait for the ambulance , window open so they can identify us , doilies neatly heaped on yellowing copies of the local paper , the cat perturbed by my frantic resuscitation efforts . 
It is rubbed into the hair and scalp and then left to dry naturally , because using a hair dryer can destroy its effectiveness . 
Darius grabs a wedge , ices it with half an inch of butter , crams it in his mouth and washes it down with a can of Coke . 
They will try to cram as many Minis as possible on to the Lake Windermere ferry and see how many consecutive journeys they can make . 
Individual plants can eventually be potted singly in small pots . 
We can warehouse your merchandise , repack and consolidate it , deliver it to retailers . 
This can be positioned in the rear of the car , but never be tempted to put a dog in a cage in the boot ( trunk ) of a car . 
He had been scouring a pan , but now put it on another jerry-can to drain , alongside two clean plates . 
Small touches like presenting objects wrapped up , or putting them inside a " feel bag " and asking pupils to guess what they are can add spice to the exercise . 
Recycled plastic can be used , quite hygienically , to package eggs , tomatoes , apples and all manner of skinned food and vegetables . 
Plunging your hand into a pile of assorted implements can be hazardous . 
You can also sow seeds in a greenhouse in March or April , or try lavering , which can be done up to August .
With the exception of polyanthus , all the plants mentioned can be sown in a spare piece of ground outdoors . 
It can be grown from seed sown outdoors in spring in a nursery bed , and transplanted in autumn . 
Increase is by division in spring , and seed sown at the same time can be used for the species . 
Fennel can be grown from seed sown in spring where it is to remain . 
The same multi-dibber can be pressed further into the compost to make larger holes for pricking out seedlings sown normally . 
One can debate endlessly about the merits and demerits of the walkout ( and that is exactly what Walter Oi and Thomas Geoghegan are doing in Slate 's `` Dialogue '' titled `` The UPS Strike '' ) , but it 's hard to claim that Carey trumped up the strike .
The New Territories can be explored by taking the Kowloon - Canton Railway ( KCR ) , which makes 10 stops between the station in Kowloon and Sheung Shui , the last stop before entering China .
North of the town , a commanding view over all the New Territories to the north can be seen from Tai Mo Shan , Hong Kong 's highest peak at 957 m ( 3,140 ft ) .
But because he is a child , the Earl of Moray , my half-brother , can rule the country for him .
The resulting analysis can set bounds on the uncertainties , while producing a range of estimates of the country 's capabilities .
While countries may seek to develop all of these capabilities on an independent , indigenous basis , they can and often do seek some inputs from foreign sources .
Determining how many nuclear weapons a country can produce with a given amount of fissile material requires knowing the technological sophistication of the country and the explosive yield of the weapons .
A World Trade Organization ( WTO ) appeals panel Thursday ruled that although the United States can continue with its restrictions on internet gambling , some of the rules imposed by the country were discriminatory to foreign operators .
`` It was very , very important '' to compel Iraq to rid itself of weapons of mass destruction so that `` it can not use or export them to other countries , '' he told Associated Press Television News .
Because of Taiwan 's non - state status , it can not join the Chemical Weapons Convention ( CWC ) nor the Australia Group .
North of the town , a commanding view over all the New Territories to the north can be seen from Tai Mo Shan , Hong Kong 's highest peak at 957 m ( 3,140 ft ) .
He dwells in a high tower looking down on the metropolis and can often be seen flying high above it on his War Griffon Stormwing . 
The best place to survey Cairo is from the top of the Cairo Tower where one can survey the whole teeming , colourful metropolis built upon the foundations of the legendary city of Babylon . 
At the beginning of the second millennium b.c. , Jerusalem was a Canaanite mountain stronghold on a secondary trade route , far less important than biblical cities such as Hazor , Megiddo , Beth Shean , and Shechem .
The climate here can best be described as `` changeable '' and yet the sudden shifts from light to dark , sunshine to shower , are part of the city 's magic .
You can also take a ferry to Macau to find an entirely different kind of city , a unique blend of Chinese and Iberian culture .
You can try your luck at pari mutuel betting on jai-alai at pari mutuel , greyhound - racing at the Canidrome ( one of the largest in the world ) , and harness - racing on Taipa .
And to a former federal bomb investigator , that description suggests a powerful military-style plastic explosive C-4 that can be cut or molded into different shapes . 
But , Gov . Donald Carcieri , Providence Mayor David Cicilline and others told Chairwoman Susan Collins of Maine and Rhode Island Sen . Lincoln Chafee , they need more federal money , they need it to come faster when disaster strikes and they need a steady stream they know they can rely on from year to year .
Dr _Gupto : On the other hand to be able to outline and do the thing that were talked about today to basically completely revamp the public health system so that local officials can talk to state officials that can talk to federal officials to be able to pinpoint exactly when a cluster of bird flu happens that takes probably a lot more money and a and a really a complete revamping of our public health systems .
These facilities and Iran 's overall program are currently undergoing close scrutiny by the international community and will likely remain so until controversy over the facilities ' purpose and capability can be resolved .
The test appeared to be Iran 's message to the international community that it can not and will not be bullied .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
But he insisted the international community can do a much better job in helping Iraq deal with its economic and health problems .
If you can get up early enough , you can attend the pre-dawn auction held at the vast local wholesale fish market ; otherwise , have a look at the street market that goes on later in the day .
From the ferry terminals on Hong Kong Island you can escape to islands without cars or cares , where the local people smile `` hello '' and , if you 're lucky , point you to a secret beach for the ultimate in quality leisure time .
The locality can not be fully protected without having patrols roaming on the outside area of the fence .
Although the status of its offensive capability is somewhat ambiguous , one can definitely conclude that Iran has a defensive program that can be re - engineered into offensive production , if Iranian national security is threatened .
The South African experience demonstrates that at least under some conditions , unilateral disarmament is not only possible , but can improve a nation 's security .
Affirmative action ( even for athletes and preppies ) sometimes has a place in this land of second chances , where anyone can grow up to be president .
. On the other is Al Gore , notable for ( as you put it about JFK Jr. ) not living up to his Fair Deal hero father 's high standards of integrity and cojones . How can these two turkeys be our leading candidates for the highest office in the land ?
Audiences can judge for themselves when her record - - a pop-music fusion of Orientalism , rock and groove-oriented trip hop evoking distant lands east of Suez - - arrives in stores today on the heels of glowing reviews .
Dr _Gupto : On the other hand to be able to outline and do the thing that were talked about today to basically completely revamp the public health system so that local officials can talk to state officials that can talk to federal officials to be able to pinpoint exactly when a cluster of bird flu happens that takes probably a lot more money and a and a really a complete revamping of our public health systems .
They ask me to impersonate Michael fucking Caine , can you believe that ?
The markets forced it down because they doubted the government 's willingness to keep interest rates high in a sagging economy -- and who can blame them ? 
The extremely high scientific productivity of many developing nations , corrected for and despite the rather limited availability of funds , suggests that increased funding to the sciences will be an excellent investment by developing nations in terms of publications as a measure of scientific output , particularly if these publications can target the journals that have the greatest impact .
Also , pin debit can save you money if your average transaction is high enough .
I know this revelation will keep you wondering why should I trust you with this informations I am about to reveal to you or if what I am saying is the truth especially with the high level of scam mails going around all over the internet , please I need you to trust and believe me if you can .
China 's missiles are operated by the Second Artillery Corps , and include about 650 DF -11 ( M-11 ) and DF-15 ( M-9 ) missiles opposite Taiwan ; several dozens of DF -3 , DF -4 , and DF -21 medium - range missiles that can reach Japan , India , and Russia ; and 18-24 DF -5 ICBMs that can reach the United States and Europe .
Once the bane of those who owned glassfibre yachts , osmosis can now be dealt with using a number of techniques . 
“ You can have too much of a good thing . ”
According to U.S. government estimates , Iran can produce 1,000 metric tons of agent per year and may have a stockpile of at least several thousand metric tons of weaponized and bulk agent .
Hamyan Vahdati , who is said to be heading Iran 's nuclear program , says that no country can be taken seriously without a nuclear research program , and that Iran wants to have the technology and knowledge to make nuclear weapons in case it needs them ( 7284 ) .
According to U.S. government estimates , Iran can produce 1,000 metric tons of agent per year and may have a stockpile of at least several thousand metric tons of weaponized and bulk agent .
Although the status of its offensive capability is somewhat ambiguous , one can definitely conclude that Iran has a defensive program that can be re - engineered into offensive production , if Iranian national security is threatened .
Again , I do not have all of the information for July and August , so I can not give you any numbers .
`` You can have a dozen competitors stealing your secrets at the same time , '' Mr . Matchett said , adding : `` It 's a pretty good bet they wo n't get caught .''
The locality can not be fully protected without having patrols roaming on the outside area of the fence .
The area patrol is different from the single patrol in that : 1- It has a vehicle equipped with a machine gun 2- It can use horses to canvass the area , but the patrol should be formed of 2 or 3 people at least
2- A bachelor can have a vacation by rotation for five days every month .
The people who can benefit most directly from your generosity have no time to waste .
Again , I do not have all of the information for July and August , so I can not give you any numbers .
You can have five ten-inch sticks , and no more , understand ?
Thus in He can sing the incidence of " sing " to " he " exists as a potential in the present : the person referred to possesses at the present moment the capacity of realizing this action . 
Certainly no generalisation can be made except that the successful diffusion of the knowledge of soil conserving practices is often one essential change that is required -- even although the knowledge may be possessed by some cultivators already . 
One of the administrative advantages is that central government can ameliorate the monopoly of information which may be possessed by such agents . 
Fundamentally , he is an orthodox batsman who can be totally unorthodox , the possessor of every stroke in the book and an improviser who can create any number of others .
However , the sophisticated technology required for rapidresponse policing can sometimes be found wanting in Easton .
If the debtor owns a property , the plaintiff can ask the court to make an order charging the debtor 's house or Mat with the amount of the debt . 
The possession of a female or females can be viewed as one more validation of male status , which is an end in itself , because , once achieved , the women follow anyway . 
Even those entries -- unquestionably the majority -- which represent profits accruing from physical possession of land can not be assumed to hold a uniform significance . 
The people who can benefit most directly from your generosity have no time to waste .
Please give the largest gift you can to Goodwill today .
Kids like Tommie J . , made a ward of the court because of repeated beatings by an alcoholic father ; Alice , sent to a group home to get help because of severe behavior disorders ; and John H . , a recovering alcoholic , rebuilding a relationships with his family so they can live together again .
Of course Jamaica has its palm - lined beaches and almost endless rum drinks , and you can enjoy a wonderful resort - based break .
You can find Manchester , Sheffield , and Cambridge in Jamaica , to name but three .
Jamaicans can definitely be in your face .
Occasional hurricanes can spoil the idyllic climate and contribute to this `` laid back '' attitude : Jamaicans are aware that circumstances can suddenly alter dramatically and yet life will always carry on .
Everything is sold here , from clothing to souvenirs to electronic goods , and the market is known for its street-side food stalls , where you can dine inexpensively on seafood .
At Goodwill , it is the hard work of staff and those who benefit from our services that produces the kind of inspiring results I see every day : A Goodwill staff member addresses a group of welfare recipients : `` You can earn the money to support yourself and your family , '' she says .
`` You can get off welfare .
I know you can ... I did . ''
You can use your Hong Kong dollars here , so there 's no need to change currency .
Just across the border is the huge Lo Wu City shopping mall , to which you can walk ; other shopping malls are nearby .
The individual artisans ' shops are no longer here , but you can visit a silk - weaving factory , a ceramics plant , and the Foshan Folk Art Studio , where you can observe workers making Chinese lanterns , carving sculptures , painting scrolls , and cutting intricate designs in paper .
More pleasantly , you can browse among lanes of antiques , flowers , herbs , fruit , goldfish , songbirds , and more .
It really looks the part ; the tourists know its name even before the guide can translate it .
These pleasant , but expensive , outings can lay the foundation for your own explorations aboard the cheap but usually comfortable ferries used by the islanders themselves .
From the ferry terminals on Hong Kong Island you can escape to islands without cars or cares , where the local people smile `` hello '' and , if you 're lucky , point you to a secret beach for the ultimate in quality leisure time .
Hong Kong currency is widely accepted in Guangzhou , or you can change your currency into RMB ( yuan ) at any bank or hotel .
You can have a delicious vegetarian lunch here .
There are also several open-air restaurants where you can enjoy fresh seafood .
Macau 's own currency , the pataca , is pegged to the Hong Kong dollar , and you can use your Hong Kong currency freely in Macau .
You can build an appetite for dinner by making your way from the beach to the restaurant .
You can catch one of Hong Kong 's historic trams along Des Voeux Road and ride from Central to Causeway Bay ( see box , page 66 ) .
Down to earth , the Sha Tin Racecourse can accommodate over 80,000 spectators and is equipped with every imaginable luxury , including a giant video screen facing the stands , and for the horses , air-conditioned stables .
You can view artifacts from the Bronze Age , trace the history of the Easter Rising , or revisit Leopold Bloom 's odyssey in Ulysses .
You can walk around the peak for impressive views of Hong Kong , the coastline , and the islands in 45 minutes on Lugard and Harlech roads .
From inside the vast atrium you can view the whole structure as well as the mechanical workings of the building .
Much of it , of course , using the standards of top newspapers , can not be used since it is largely gossip we are repeating , although it certainly could make for some very good stories .
You can take a tour of the port in one of the small sampans , propelled by hand by women drivers .
As you approach the border , you can glimpse the skyscrapers of Shenzhen .
You can also take a ferry to Macau to find an entirely different kind of city , a unique blend of Chinese and Iberian culture .
If you can get up early enough , you can attend the pre-dawn auction held at the vast local wholesale fish market ; otherwise , have a look at the street market that goes on later in the day .
Prosperity is in the air ; the roar of the `` Celtic Tiger `` can clearly be heard .
There are restaurants and a Starbuck's in the basement , and you can access the raised pedestrian crosswalk from the escalators on the ground floor .
9:31 a.m. GR8FLRED : It 's amazing how one second can so completely change your life .
In this sense , a teacher can be compared to one 's family doctor .
Their commitment to `` creativity '' can not survive adolescent illiteracy .
If there were such evidence , you can be sure you would have heard of it .
1 ) Voters can `` buy '' one of two brands when they select their political agents -- a Republican brand that believes in the minimalist state and in the virtues of private markets over the vices of public action , and a Democratic brand that believes in big government and in public intervention to remedy the excesses attendant to the pursuit of private interest .
" I can 't make the man out .
It could take at least five days before the fire can be brought under full control .
Much of it , of course , using the standards of top newspapers , can not be used since it is largely gossip we are repeating , although it certainly could make for some very good stories .
And I can tell you something " -- he bent towards her -- ` their husbands have been warned to gag them , or else . 
Goggled officials hunched over consoles around tiers of cantilevered wrought-iron galleries , listening to data , whispering orders . 
Never bend when you can kneel or squat 
She 'd have looked a bit different , I can tell , from what she was like lying up there with her hair all cut off . " 
For a moment longer he sat frozen , then just as Jezrael cannoned into him he knocked the scalding can away . 
There 's a reception area where they can sit and talk and the girls sit in there too and help the conversation along . " 
The wool room , which is now converted for serving teas , has entrance from the house , and patrons can sit out on the gallery . 
Never bend when you can kneel or squat 
Cupboard doors were flying , the trash can in the kitchen walked a few feet , the dogs came running , and I scooted them into the dog run and stood in the doorway myself , watching the outside trash cans dance across the concrete .
Professional conjurers who do complicated and difficult tricks practise until they can totally forget the technique and concentrate entirely on the audience .
PREVIOUS chapters gave advice that you can act on when practising writing answers before the examination .
The badinage between Nina and myself is never rehearsed , but this is live T.V. and we need all the help we can get .
` We can rehearse it in the lounge at coffee time , " he said .
So I can run through it before the presentation . "
So I can run through it before the presentation . "
Traditionally , the danger to any management reform is that it can become a hollow , paper - driven exercise .
As an English teacher and a linguist , and a writer , I 've been advocating writing as good mental exercise for as long as I can remember .
The lack of liability in unlawful act manslaughter for an omission which caused death has been criticised on the grounds that an omission , especially a deliberate one , is blameworthy , and it can cause death . 
The lack of epidemiological information about endometriosis is lamentable and can be improved only by studies in which an accurate visual diagnosis is made . 
Those who wish to pursue the matter further can readily turn to specialist books or to such admirable general works as Geoffrey Ashall Glaisher 's Glossary of the Book ( first published 1960 and recently reissued ) . 
However , at the beginning of the novel it seems that even this admirable lady , for she is definitely a lady , can not think totally by herself -- she is guided by the abominable Mr. Slope . 
It can blow and snow for six weeks , " he said . 
Fine drizzles and thin smokes of cloud particles can reach the Cytherean surface . 
I can still hear the clatter of coins as they rained on the stage in a steady downpour of acclaim , a habit derived from the days of the gold rush . 
The climate here can best be described as `` changeable '' and yet the sudden shifts from light to dark , sunshine to shower , are part of the city 's magic .
If you are in a pickle , do n't worry about it , because you can always phone Di up on the switchboard , or me , but I 'm usually not there . 
Whether the worker directs his anger outwards or inwards he is in a fix ; what can be called a ` double bind " . 
But he insisted the international community can do a much better job in helping Iraq deal with its economic and health problems .
With a promising new job at a plastic injection molding manufacturer , his legal troubles in check and a safe place to live , Jerry can get on with the business of building a life for himself and contributing to his community .
This theory can be used to predict the sequence of offers before arbitration was involved and in the frequency with which arbitration was used . 
The practical implication is that the outcome of any action , unless it has been previously proven , can not be predicted accurately . 
The real reason why we can not predict human behavior is that it is just too difficult . 
` But who can predict the future ? " 
There are also a few cases where we can roughly predict the location of a particular error . 
The characters are often familiar ones and their predicaments although farfetched can be predicted by anyone who makes a habit of watching cartoons . 
No-one can predict with any degree of certainty how interest rates will rise and fall over a 5 year period . 
We can not predict in advance the way in which a case will be decided , nor can we find any ex post facto rationality to explain why cases were categorised in different ways . 
These estimates could be somewhat accelerated or easily delayed dependent upon a host of international and domestic factors that can not be accurately predicted .
I can pretty well forecast how a guy is going to check out behaviour-wise from a table plan . " 
Ask the lecturer if he can possibly forecast what , at least , his next lecture is to contain . 
We can not neglect these things , but neither can we control or even forecast them with any certainty . 
` Nobody can forecast the future with that much certainty , " she said with an attempt at lightness . 
Although there is a slight element of gamble with money purchase schemes , in that no one can forecast with certainty how well or badly a pension fund might do , in practice most trustees act very conservatively . 
So reconcile this piece of French policy , if thou can , and foretell its consequences . 
I am , but can not foretell the future . 
In fact , no one can foretell whether a given innovation will end up a big business or a modest achievement . 
Perhaps you can foretell when the end of the Earth will be ? " 
` Renton 's very definitely a man I can do business with " Peter Palumbo , chairman of the Arts Council was reported to have said , after a preliminary meeting .
Their absence can significantly reduce linkage of both Mendelian and quantitative traits that are unlucky enough to be controlled by loci in the intervals with ambiguous SDPs .
7. In the absence of information about the specific functions of most individual RPs in mammalian cells , one can only speculate at present on the physiologic significance of the reported changes .
These data show that this test can readily indicate the absence or presence of the mutant allele in DNA samples .
I could n't really tell you much on the phone , and anyway we can talk now .
But at any rate I can finally dust my hands and put my jacket on with a clear conscience .
The adventurers can climb or slide down , or use a Flight spell ; the landing is soft enough in any event .
Aye , I know that the calf muscles will atrophy , but at least they can be supported by a brace and the boy 'll be able to walk . "
` At least I can watch the telly as I train -- although it 's hard breaking the racing routine of having breakfast at lunchtime and your main meal at tea time . "
At the least , perhaps a country inn somewhere in the Limousin or the Cantal district will yield a new dish or a wine which was worth the detour .
They will then do their best to right what has gone wrong : at the least , they can set Justine free .
The typically inner shape is high and wide so you can at the least sit up comfortably -- in some of the models you can just about stand .
Of course there was nothing to guarantee that the soup you were canning would measure up to the quality or taste of Mother 's , nor that other soup canners would not make the same sales appeal . 
It can only be a reliance on public ignorance that can allow the Foreign Secretary , Douglas Hurd , and other Tories , to spread lies about the social chapter of the Maastricht treaty . 
I can remember reading the stories the first time round and sometimes I can kid myself I 'm little again , and everything 's all right . 
We shall not deceive the people by saying the task of National Reconstruction is easy , or that it can be accomplished in a twelve month [ period ] . 
A banker who is deceived by a client can therefore face serious charges without the traditional benefit of being presumed innocent . 
This is a great worry to us and we believe we can help to prevent these losses by giving them something to distract them from smoking like liver , bacon , eggs , or steak and onions .
Further , what can be done to prevent or reduce the likelihood of incidents of BW terrorism ?
They can take one of the following forms : 1- Steel pipes : Insert 4 inch pipes in the ground at 50 centimeters apart and a height of one meter then fill them with cement 2- Barrels : They are filled with cement and place around the building , especially at the entrance to prevent cars from crashing into it 3- Ditches : They are better than road bumps because they are harder to see .
We are the last generation who can avert this catastrophe .
Only Batman Can Avert This Threat !
John nipped the problem in the bud in one lesson ; he got on Skipper and soon had him doing walk to canter and canter to walk .
If Iran can adequately demonstrate peaceful intentions for its nuclear program and allows IAEA inspections , nuclear power reactor technology trade restraints may be lifted .
This period can be reduced if you are allowed to install the water meter yourself .
` If one country is allowed to get away with lower standards , then the others will quickly follow to ensure their products can compete .
But you can at least monitor their response on the graphic , via the LEDs , but there 's nothing to let you know that a program has been properly saved with the ` save " button .
We can 't let such a situation continue .
The market can not be seen to be a neutral , fair process whose structure simply permits participants to exercise free choice in negotiating and concluding exchange transactions .
He touted the television V-chip ; praised the Kennedy - Kassebaum law ( an ultra - therapeutic law that guarantees portability of insurance but places no ceiling on the rates insurers can charge ) ; applauded the ban on `` assault '' rifles ; and bragged about the new FDA regulations that curb the advertising and sale of cigarettes to children .
oh that 's flat rate sir you know that they look it up in the book and if it takes an hour to do something why and they can get it done in thirty minutes why they charge you an hour
Officers have been guarding inmates who can not be accommodated in overcrowded jails following the riots at Strangeways jail in Manchester . 
We can 't let such a situation continue .
If you can get up early enough , you can attend the pre-dawn auction held at the vast local wholesale fish market ; otherwise , have a look at the street market that goes on later in the day .
We can hear that for ourselves in the records that have been issued of Karajan rehearsing the late Mozart symphonies or the Finale of Beethoven 's Ninth Symphony . 
When the glue has dried the carving can commence . 
This decision is of vital importance , and of course it must be made before trading can commence . 
Further applications can be made for extensions up to a maximum of 96 hours from the commencement of the detention . 
It can be bought undyed , bleached or dyed in a variety of colours .
Have your eyelashes dyed at a local beauty salon and then you can simply forget about them all summer .
Tajikistan can manufacture uranium oxide but can not enrich it to levels needed for reactors or weapons .
Much of the waste can not be reprocessed or disposed of safely and therefore threatens to pollute the environment for hundreds of years to come .
India can now boast nuclear capability throughout the full cycle from uranium mining to waste reprocessing .
This can provide an opportunity for testing opinion on controversial proposals such as the reprocessing of nuclear fuels at Windscale and the designation of Stansted as the site of the third London airport .
Research , Development , Test and Evaluation , and Procurement Funding for Fiscal Years 1995 to 200712 Knowledge-based Process for Applying Best Practices to the Development of New Products 13 Notional Illustration Showing the Different Paths That a Product 's Development Can Take 15 DOD 's Concurrent Approach to Weapon System Development 16 Notional Single- Step and Evolutionary Approaches to Developing New Products 31 Achieving Stability on AIM- 9 X Missile Program by Knowledge Point 244 History of Drawing Completion for the F- 22 Program 46 PAC- 3 Design Knowledge at Critical Design Review 49 Illustration to Show How the Best Practice Model Would Apply to DOD 's Acquisition Process 56
This report addresses how DOD can manage its weapon system acquisition process to ensure important knowledge about a system 's design , critical manufacturing processes , and reliability is captured and used to make informed and timely decisions before committing to substantial development and production investments .
DOD has made improvements in its acquisition policy by incorporating guidance for evolutionary acquisition , creating guidelines for the development of a basic product that can be upgraded with additional capabilities as technologies present themselves .
Recruiting a specialist can mean starting a training programme so that the newcomer passes on his/her knowledge .
These facilities and Iran 's overall program are currently undergoing close scrutiny by the international community and will likely remain so until controversy over the facilities ' purpose and capability can be resolved .
Although the status of its offensive capability is somewhat ambiguous , one can definitely conclude that Iran has a defensive program that can be re - engineered into offensive production , if Iranian national security is threatened .
Imports such as thiodyglycol and thionyl chloride can be applied towards legitimate purposes such as dyes , textiles , and pesticides or can be diverted towards an illicit CW program .
Hamyan Vahdati , who is said to be heading Iran 's nuclear program , says that no country can be taken seriously without a nuclear research program , and that Iran wants to have the technology and knowledge to make nuclear weapons in case it needs them ( 7284 ) .
If Iran can adequately demonstrate peaceful intentions for its nuclear program and allows IAEA inspections , nuclear power reactor technology trade restraints may be lifted .
Weapons programs can be based on indigenous ( i.e. , domestic ) production capabilities , or they can rely on foreign supplies and technologies .
An advanced weapons program would require the capability to manufacture tritium , a radioactive gas that can be used to enhance the explosive power of nuclear weapons , for fabrication of boosted - yield weapons .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
Syria has a small nuclear program that can be described , at best , as `` elemental '' to a nuclear fuel cycle program .
For reasons as yet unexplained , genital warts proliferate markedly during pregnancy , and they can assume gigantic proportions if left untreated .
The cells in the progress zone all multiply and can respond to positional signals .
They can multiply faster than the chromosomes , because , when they do move , a copy is left behind at the old site as well as a new copy appearing at the new one .
They breed and multiply at speed and to cope with their ability to sustain their population a number of rabbit-killing methods have evolved by which the stock can be drastically reduced .
A quarter of the income of these small farms comes from pigs and poultry , both of which multiply easily and can be intensively fed in small areas .
As axons of central neurons , dorsal root ganglia and sympathetic ganglia can induce proliferation of Schwann cells in vitro , we suggest that GGF gene products probably support the postnatal proliferation of Schwann cells in vivo .
It has telescopes and optical instruments that can pick out the salient features of , say , any passing satellite , even those in geosynchronous orbit -- and that 's 22,000 miles up .
The matter has been handled in meticulous detail both by Hare and Macfarlane , and only the most salient points can be noted here .
We can fix you a costume if you feel conspicuous in your street clothes . "
Costs do rise , as you are careful to point out at the start of the feature , but there can be no excuse for the blatant abuse of the costings given .
It is blatant , undisguised opportunism by management , showing preference for what can be done , rather than what should be done .
But we can have a quiet dinner here , if you do n't mind .
And yes , it 's quiet and you can go to the cheap movies when you 're off , but according to the Journal , night workers are more susceptible to heart attacks , stomach troubles and depression .
Down to earth , the Sha Tin Racecourse can accommodate over 80,000 spectators and is equipped with every imaginable luxury , including a giant video screen facing the stands , and for the horses , air-conditioned stables .
Of course Jamaica has its palm - lined beaches and almost endless rum drinks , and you can enjoy a wonderful resort - based break .
Much of it , of course , using the standards of top newspapers , can not be used since it is largely gossip we are repeating , although it certainly could make for some very good stories .
The area patrol is different from the single patrol in that : 1- It has a vehicle equipped with a machine gun 2- It can use horses to canvass the area , but the patrol should be formed of 2 or 3 people at least
Much of it , of course , using the standards of top newspapers , can not be used since it is largely gossip we are repeating , although it certainly could make for some very good stories .
Through the valuable option of the NatWest Home Improvement Loan Protector , you can have peace of mind and protect yourself and your dependents against unforeseen circumstances .
The locality can not be fully protected without having patrols roaming on the outside area of the fence .
As a result , an alumina implant can shield the surrounding bone from the stresses generated by normal activity , and the bone loses the stimulation which is necessary for it to remain healthy .
The Christian moral law is a bulwark against this , whenever men can be taught to respect it .
The first is that national interests can be guarded by way of intergovernmental agreements made in association with the Treaties .
` Still , he can guard the house for Mummy and Daddy , ca n't he ? "
At Goodwill , it is the hard work of staff and those who benefit from our services that produces the kind of inspiring results I see every day : A Goodwill staff member addresses a group of welfare recipients : `` You can earn the money to support yourself and your family , '' she says .
As you approach the border , you can glimpse the skyscrapers of Shenzhen .
Imports such as thiodyglycol and thionyl chloride can be applied towards legitimate purposes such as dyes , textiles , and pesticides or can be diverted towards an illicit CW program .
These facilities and Iran 's overall program are currently undergoing close scrutiny by the international community and will likely remain so until controversy over the facilities ' purpose and capability can be resolved .
A challenge that School Boards are yet to come to terms with fully is how they can contribute to the achievement of the school 's goals .
Once you have achieved your aim of being assertive , and people have perhaps carried out tasks that you have assertively asked them to do , you can show your appreciation .
Freud can not be said to have been unaware of the variability of human nature in different societies which have other economic arrangements and different cultural aims from those of Europe and America .
Consequently , if we are to achieve your objective in terms of price , then unless one can find a niche buyer , it may be difficult to achieve .
The budget deficit target for the year was raised to Can . $28,500 million ( 4.2 per cent of GDP ) , and for 1991 / 92 it was set at Can . $26,500 million .
If Iran can adequately demonstrate peaceful intentions for its nuclear program and allows IAEA inspections , nuclear power reactor technology trade restraints may be lifted .
Hats off to Senate Budget Committee Chairman Pete Dominici , who is trying to put the brakes on the Republicans ' heedless zeal to pass a tax-cut bill in order to provoke a presidential veto they can then use in the 2000 campaign .
However , if it is obtained in order to engage the patient in treatment , the information is protected under the above federal regulations that require the express , written permission of the patient before it can be shared with others .
I 'm scarcely rolling in money , but , like the margarine ads say , small amounts can be spread over oodles of bread . " 
At first I can not see her for the heaps of people about her bedside , brandished with packaged sweets and magazines and flowers of white and purple . 
` He 'll entertain a whole load of people watching while we 're out on location but he can turn it on and off like a light -- the cameras roll and he 's totally into Grant Mitchell . 
You can have erm loads of toffees . 
This mass of material can be grouped into a number of key areas . 
We 're having to go to press early this week so that hundreds of off-season Santa Clause gnomes can stick dice onto magazines ( they 're a damn nuisance these dice , and no mistake ) . 
These days they can cost hundreds rather than thousands of pounds , and drug rings are known to be using them . 
` Politically , there 's no way he can give money for work at Flushing Meadow when we have thousands homeless and barely able to live " . 
It could be the key to securing millions of pounds of European funds which can be used to address the multiple deprivation , economic and social problems facing the region . 
CBW can have a greater psychological impact than conventional explosives , as suggested by the 2001 anthrax letter attacks , which killed only five people but frightened millions of Americans .
Bonn can plainly not afford the political price of continuing to shore up the German Democratic Republic with billions of Deutsche Marks unless in return for genuine reform . 
Yet fixing them will cost billions of dollars that local politicians can not raise from taxes . 
With 127 million employees plus billions of consumers , the fast-growing industry is ` up to its eyeballs in people " who can influence as well as be influenced . 
China 's missiles are operated by the Second Artillery Corps , and include about 650 DF -11 ( M-11 ) and DF-15 ( M-9 ) missiles opposite Taiwan ; several dozens of DF -3 , DF -4 , and DF -21 medium - range missiles that can reach Japan , India , and Russia ; and 18-24 DF -5 ICBMs that can reach the United States and Europe .
If the chosen section has the greatest possible diversity and abundance of rapidly evolving fossils , we can then hope for the greatest possible number of different means for correlation . 
Touch is the earliest and most primitive form of communication and is an important form of non-verbal communication throughout life ; it can convey a myriad of positive and negative messages between people . 
The traditional line item approach to budgeting , is , in this respect , expedient since it can easily accommodate a myriad of views as to what the objectives should be . 
Further ` inland " you can choose from a myriad of even more music bars and pizzerias which are tucked away in small cobbled squares . 
The counsellor is like a sounding board against whom clients can test out , discover , explore , struggle and reconcile a plethora of experiences and expectations . 
Quantities of rooted layers can be produced using this technique , a useful one for replacing ageing heather and lavender . 
Using similar procedures it is now possible to engineer organisms that can produce relatively large quantities of useful substances . 
Provided your building comes with an adequate floor , you can stand this on a row of substantial timbers , or on a number of carefully laid paving slabs . 
Again , I do not have all of the information for July and August , so I can not give you any numbers .
The normal intima of the synovium is one to two cells thick and consists mainly of macrophage-like and fibroblast-like cells [ 3 ] . In inflammation , macrophages make a large contribution to intimal thickening , where these cells increase in number and proportion [ 3 ] . Evidence indicates that intimal macrophages arrive via the circulation as monocytes [ 4 ] , and it is proposed that increased numbers of intimal macrophages in RA are largely attributed to enhanced monocyte recruitment from blood vessels in the synovium [ 1 5 ] . Neutrophils are also recruited in RA and can be found in abundance in synovial fluid , yet they occur in relatively low numbers in the synovium [ 5 ] . In synovial fluid their number can reach 10 6per joint , particularly during an active phase of the disease [ 6 ] . Neutrophils occur at the pannus-cartilage junction [ 7 ] and it is presumed that these cells reach the joint cavity by migrating from the blood vessels in the synovium , following a chemotactic gradient .
Its twin objectives are to dramatically increase the number of low-income Americans who can access the civil justice system and to ensure that all clients receive quality legal services .
Nor does it mean that failure to achieve total abstinence from all potentially mood-altering substances and behaviours means that one can not achieve a considerable measure of recovery . 
They have too low a melting point and are too unstable , but they can be ` stiffened " by adding a moderate amount of lime to produce a modest increase in melting temperature . 
With some types of account a depositor can withdraw a certain amount of money on demand , but will have to pay a penalty of so many days ' interest . 
It can reduce the amount of water needed to flush a lavatory by 40 per cent -- and flushing accounts for over one third of the water consumed in Britain 's homes . 
Determining how many nuclear weapons a country can produce with a given amount of fissile material requires knowing the technological sophistication of the country and the explosive yield of the weapons .
Trading abroad as an importer or exporter can be highly profitable , but it often involves a greater degree of risk than operating in the home market . 
On the one hand the sheer weight of new product can actually wear away at one 's critical faculties so that any performance which maintains a reasonable degree of well engineered accuracy gets a thumbs-up . 
Some absorb the gas quickly , whereas others circulate it slowly and can not respond to floods of bright light . 
Although Tivoli has the open systems distributed management market pretty much to itself , Moss knows that the providing a standard to the industry can not generate a revenue stream much further into the future . 
He concludes that changes in genetic factors obviously can not explain the crime wave . 
This difficulty is compounded by the fact that much of the information can be directly traced back to just a handful of sources , none of which can be independently verified .
Dr _Gupto : The other thing Paula really important is that they talk a lot about the fact that our- we 're a lot better at taking care of patients now than we were in nineteen eighteen , we have a lot of ICUs a lot of ICUs in the hospital behind me that can take care of critically ill patients .
China 's missiles are operated by the Second Artillery Corps , and include about 650 DF -11 ( M-11 ) and DF-15 ( M-9 ) missiles opposite Taiwan ; several dozens of DF -3 , DF -4 , and DF -21 medium - range missiles that can reach Japan , India , and Russia ; and 18-24 DF -5 ICBMs that can reach the United States and Europe .
There are also several open-air restaurants where you can enjoy fresh seafood .
Quick action is vital , since anyone who stops breathing can usually live for only a few minutes without help .
Cupboard doors were flying , the trash can in the kitchen walked a few feet , the dogs came running , and I scooted them into the dog run and stood in the doorway myself , watching the outside trash cans dance across the concrete .
Even rank amateurs can do it if they spend a few thousand dollars for a commercially available microwave receiver with amplifier and a VCR recorder .
Again , I do not have all of the information for July and August , so I can not give you any numbers .
Again , I do not have all of the information for July and August , so I can not give you any numbers .
Hong Kong currency is widely accepted in Guangzhou , or you can change your currency into RMB ( yuan ) at any bank or hotel .
Again , I do not have all of the information for July and August , so I can not give you any numbers .
North of the town , a commanding view over all the New Territories to the north can be seen from Tai Mo Shan , Hong Kong 's highest peak at 957 m ( 3,140 ft ) .
The people who can benefit most directly from your generosity have no time to waste .
If a writer is , by definition , one who writes a fair amount and does so professionally ( for which read `` gets paid for it `` ) , I suppose I can call myself a writer .
Gad1 mRNA translation or protein stability can be regulated in mature neurons by the level of GABA [ 30 , 31 ] .
I know this revelation will keep you wondering why should I trust you with this informations I am about to reveal to you or if what I am saying is the truth especially with the high level of scam mails going around all over the internet , please I need you to trust and believe me if you can .
This way when we go out to ask for community support and are asked about our board giving level , we can show our in-house commitment through 100% board participation .
It can also produce problems in hot weather , when your water is capable of holding only low amounts of oxygen .
A certain amount of fat in your diet is good for you , as it provides energy and insulation , but too much of the wrong kind can be bad news for your figure and your cholesterol levels .
` If you want the exact quantities , buy my book , '' he said at one point , one eye in the direction of the BBC publicity department , before adding , as the other swivelled down towards his drink , ` if I can be bothered to write it . ''
While it is true that men 's consumption of bread and beer can vary , the quantity of these basic foodstuffs remains a tolerable , rough criterion of the size of a population .
One can argue whether or not one-party patronage , as in Britain , is even worse . 
Tepilit and his brother can be seen arguing with the others . 
Falk advances these principles in the awareness that , pending the actual abolition of nuclear weapons , a different , and much more dangerous conclusion can be drawn from the argument about the illegality of nuclear weapons . 
Parents can not expect their children to get o n with each other but family life is very difficult if there is continuous bickering and jealousy between chi ldren . 
It can do this because during the recent election campaign , there was no great disagreement about economic policy among the parties . 
One can quibble over the slow speed for the opening movement of No. 1 , which is hardly an Allegro commodo . 
Can a row about the endless Saturday afternoons he now spends bent over the bonnet of his old car be used as a vehicle for their underlying struggle ? 
President Clinton says he can not rule out the possibility of further action against Iraq following the row over the UN 's role as observer . 
However , even those who do not doubt the terrible things that happened can still squabble about their meaning . 
` And where can we go with this ? " inquired an anxious young couple . 
My impression -- and without a full inquiry such as might be carried out by the social service inspectorate it can be little more -- is that the assessment of the father and his partner had scarcely advanced . 
She answered the questions in her interrogation with perfect candour , but her answers had the effect of crystallising her basic thinking . 
While we are happy to answer any queries about our own products , we can not answer for the content of other publisher 's works . 
Should you have questions or if I can be of assistance in any way , please call me : 317.923.1331 , ext. 248 .
` Would ma'am like some ` I ca n't believe how thin they can make me " ? questioned Hal . 
` That will depend on how clever my questioning is and on how frightened she can be made to feel either for herself or on Wheeler 's behalf . " 
When the maid woke her she sat up in bed and said , ` Ask Sir Stephen if he can spare me a few minutes . " 
It 's sometimes worth asking that nagging little voice what is really the worst thing that can happen now ? 
After all , I began by stating that a bacterium swimming upstream in the glucose gradient was acting on its own behalf in an environment , defined an autonomous agent as a physical system able to act on its own behalf , then asked what a physical system must be such that it can act on its own behalf .
; on the other hand , if you know that the date was 1657 , one can not say that the answer was `` easy '' or `` difficult '' : it is like asking a person his name .
Sharon Cann was forced to quit her job because of the daily torrent of abuse from John Wilson , an industrial tribunal heard . 
ROGER BLACK yesterday revealed he will quit athletics if he can not end the injury nightmare which shattered his Olympic dream . 
He will resign if he is forced to accept an unrealistic budget he can not commit to . 
Now you can quit the heat of the kitchen and swan around on those yachts of yours you got stashed around the world . " 
Trent felt her retreat further inside herself as he shouted through the organ howl , ` There 's a chance we can make our way upriver . " 
One can only lament the fact that as Russian recording quality emerges from the Dark Ages so their orchestras are struggling to maintain standards in the face of diminishing resources and emigration of their best players . 
The formation of a government can literally hang on the defection of one of these religious leaders to one party or the other . 
Let them get within range of our mortars and see how many trucks we can knock out , for a start . "
There are several Cepheids well within binocular range , and some can be followed throughout their variations with the naked eye : Eta Aquilæ , Zeta Geminorum and Beta Doradûs , for example .
The development of ballistic missiles and long - range artillery rockets within Iran can be divided into three broad chronological stages : Pre - revolution ( 1977 - 1979 ) ; Post - revolution and the war with Iraq ( 1980 - 1988 ) ; and Post War ( 1989 - Present ) .
The Tien Chi , first test - fired in 1997 , is a solid - fueled , two - stage missile with a 300 km range that can reach China 's southeastern coast .
China 's missiles are operated by the Second Artillery Corps , and include about 650 DF -11 ( M-11 ) and DF-15 ( M-9 ) missiles opposite Taiwan ; several dozens of DF -3 , DF -4 , and DF -21 medium - range missiles that can reach Japan , India , and Russia ; and 18-24 DF -5 ICBMs that can reach the United States and Europe .
North of the town , a commanding view over all the New Territories to the north can be seen from Tai Mo Shan , Hong Kong 's highest peak at 957 m ( 3,140 ft ) .
Thus , well-designed national cap and trade programs can help use government resources and taxpayer dollars more efficiently at both the state and federal level .
However , it is at the level of the individual career that we can most clearly see the micro-level behaviour that fills the relatively structure-less context .
She is in the most active of the four levels available , but should the need arise , she can move on to assisted living facilities within the same complex .
Here , in Investigations , I am trying to point at the mysterious but utterly natural hopefulness in which an increasing diversity of broken symmetries in the universe creates the diversity of structures and processes that can constitute and identify ramified and ramifying sources of energy , detect those sources of energy , create devices and processes that couple to those sources of energy , and generate yet more diversity that propagates macroscopic order even further .
The occult power of dictators does n't lie in the fact that they 're clever they 're frequently quite limited , and I think Milosevic is a very limited man but in the fact that they can draw a great number of people and even whole nations into the circle of their mad ideas .
Nietzsche wrote : '' When I heard of the fires in Paris , I felt annihilated for some days and was overwhelmed by fears and doubts ; the whole academic ( wissenschaftlich ) , philosophical , artistic world seemed an absurdity , if a single day could wipe out the most glorious works of art , even whole periods of art ; I clung with earnest conviction to the metaphysical value of art , which can not exist for the sake of poor human beings , but has higher missions to fulfil . ''
Leitenberg , who has worked on arms control and chemical and biological weapons issues for 40 years , told UPI that `` a best case scenario '' might kill most of the inhabitants of a subway car , but added `` every calculation ( one can make about casualties ) relies on a whole series of assumptions . ''
From inside the vast atrium you can view the whole structure as well as the mechanical workings of the building .
In this brand-new digital economy we 're supposedly inhabiting , competitive advantage can be eroded in an instant , and large companies with lots of fixed assets are doomed to being overrun by quick - moving startups who can adapt better to a world of rapid technological innovation .
4 ) The rate of intestinal absorption ( PO , defined as the rate of uptake by the portal vein ) of a drug can be determined from the experimental venous blood levels after an oral dose .
However , the USA have never ratified the Warsaw Convention so as far as air carrier liability is concerned within the USA the sky is the limit and any party whose negligence can be proved is liable .
The document was accepted and ratified by the landlord , as one can see from paragraph 6 of the reply which states :
I can be reading a book and be totally lost in it and think , `` Wow !
Moreover , I can recommend it to Japanese students not only as an introduction to evolution , but also as an exercise in reading a well - written and engaging English text .
Experimental data can be either typed in or read from a tabular file .
Depending on personal preference , the user can scan the print-out for errors or amendments needed in wording or layout or , without printing the document , can view what has been written on screen . 
Whole chapters can be SKIMMED in minutes rather than hours . 
` Luke had his reasons for taking me out , and I can assure you , Rob , that they had nothing to do with -- with his liking me . "
A physiotherapist stated , for instance : ` What we want to develop in them is the motivation to try and tackle society , take it head on so that they can actually say I want to go and do this , I want to go and do something else . ''
Where the boss 's response to a complaint might well be ` If you do n't like it you can always leave '' , then sticking with a job you do not like implies that you lack the motivation to go and find something more satisfactory , or that you are incapable of finding anything better .
Even so , the pupil 's motivation to use sight purposefully , his interest in the task in hand , the appropriateness of task lighting and position of work can sometimes enable material to be used with surprisingly little adaptation .
On the other hand , Groove Tubes ' primary motivation is serving the music community by offering a product for the artist and musician who can hear the difference between guitars , amps , pickups and tubes .
The pre-court ` tribunal '' investigation employed in Sheffield and the growing emphasis being placed on ways that schools can improve pupils ' motivation to attend through curriculum development and new approaches to teaching , serve as illustrations of the perceived inappropriateness of formal legal intervention other than in extreme cases .
In the absence of modern opinion-surveys , the motivation of Nazi voters can only be inferred .
You can argue these wars were corrective . 
However persuasively we argue to include software in the existing fold of custodial protection , the need for the special provision of resources can not be evaded . 
Lawyers are worried about the rights to compensation that those who appear on computers will have if they can prove that they suffered damage by wrong information being stored about them . 
It has decided that individual states can refuse imports of waste from neighbouring countries , but only if they can prove that the trade is dangerous to their health or environment . 
` I think I have proved I can play on all surfaces , " he says . 
The prosecution can not prove the case beyond reasonable doubt against either one of them . 
We know , though we can not prove it , that there are some extremely prominent British athletes who have used steroids for years . 
This point can simply be proved by testing the wipers and getting no response . 
Techniques that can not readily be proven analytically are unlikely to gain much engineering credence . 
You can prove this for yourself : stand with one leg off the ground so that you are balanced on one leg , and then just close your eyes . 
For example , one can prove beyond a reasonable degree of doubt that a conservation project reduces the rate of soil removal . 
This is a definite phenomenon which you can prove to yourself easily when you think you 've found one . 
Most minerals , glass , pottery , rosin , bakelite , cement , and biscuits are brittle , and so is ordinary table jelly as one can readily prove by propagating a crack in it with a spoon and fork . 
CNN has proved repeatedly , and most recently with its remarkable Gulf coverage , that hard news can mean hard cash . 
Now they have demonstrated that such systems can be modified and made more complex . 
The Company can now demonstrate that it has systems in place that enable us to provide a high quality service . 
We can briefly demonstrate this point by comparing a modern case with a medieval case . 
For the TA 's members in Yorkshire , can my right hon. friend give any reassurance to the House in connection with the Yorkshire Volunteers , which will next year celebrate its silver jubilee ?
Can I honestly reassure her that she will come to no harm in pursuing this phenomenon ?
Councillor Joan Wade , of Stockton Borough Council , said she wanted to reassure senior citizens in the Stockton area that they can still use their passes to get to Langburgh .
Although Philip Miller received seeds and specimens through various channels from America , Peter Collinson can be considered the chief link between Chelsea and the New World .
The game can be played by over 9 or 18 holes and each player receives a scorecard at the start of the game to record their progress .
However , beginners receive their RYA log books , we keep them up to date , and by the second week nearly every one can safely skipper their own Wayfarer .
CAN I RECEIVE AN INCOME FROM MY PEP ?
The 2nd Cavalry Regiment [ at Fort Lewis ] recently received three vehicles that can detect radiation or biological and chemical hazards while keeping the soldiers safe inside .
Hong Kong currency is widely accepted in Guangzhou , or you can change your currency into RMB ( yuan ) at any bank or hotel .
A variety of information can be recorded and catalogued including contacts , agencies and job applications .
If you can not do this , you could put aside a certain amount of money as a reward for each time the scales register a drop in weight .
Keeping summary records of actual security incidents is one way that an organization can measure the frequency of various types of violations as well as the damage suffered from these incidents .
By keeping detailed records ( stud books ) , zoo staff can make intelligent decisions on how to match individual animals to avoid inbreeding and maintain a healthy and genetically diverse captive population .
If you want to you can keep a diary or journal of your progress , rewarding yourself for every new skill mastered or job well done .
A friend has told him that the council might be prepared to take the children into voluntary care for a while so that Ahmed can convalesce properly . 
Some are recovering from being injured in road accidents , and will be released back into the wild when they can fend for themselves . 
Kids like Tommie J . , made a ward of the court because of repeated beatings by an alcoholic father ; Alice , sent to a group home to get help because of severe behavior disorders ; and John H . , a recovering alcoholic , rebuilding a relationships with his family so they can live together again .
Can you suggest anything to hasten their recovery ? 
` Anyway , he 's here to recuperate , a long holiday from what I can gather . 
Hon. Members can imagine how inept the Government must be to believe that overlooking a prison yard , floodlit day and night , would be conducive to the recuperation of neurosurgical patients . 
`` I can not conceal my elation that the surgery is completed , '' said Bishop Raymond E. Goedert , who will fill in during Bernardin 's recuperation .
You can also redirect information to a printer by using the name PRN in place of the filename , as follows :
Before a skyscraper can be built , a feng shui ( see page 68 ) investigation must take place to ensure that the site and the building will promote health , harmony , and prosperity .
You can catch one of Hong Kong 's historic trams along Des Voeux Road and ride from Central to Causeway Bay ( see box , page 66 ) .
And sure Franklyn says to me the other day , he says , ` Meldy " -- he calls me Meldy when we 're alone -- Meldy , can you not do something for Carla ? 
You can call yourself anything you want . " 
Nonetheless , it is convenient to think about the existence of a group of proto-dialects which can be referred to as Proto - Indo -European .
Bilbainos refer to the museum as the `` artichoke , '' which comes close to describing it , if you can imagine a gleaming , metallic artichoke more than two hundred feet high .
As these late canvases wash over you with their great swaths of paint , you can immediately see why Clement Greenberg , writing during the late 1950s , spoke of the `` rehabilitation '' of Monet and why `` the most advanced of advanced painters '' ( Greenberg names no names ) `` were enthusiastically rediscovering him . ''
I 've been overhauling the gearbox in my Series III 109 , 4-cylinder petrol , but can not find a trace of gearbox number to order parts .
If the formal organisation is highly centralised , there will be limits to how far a task can be restructured by an individual manager .
They can be grouped under two headings , those seeking to ` restructure for labour " and those seeking to ` restructure for capital " .
They can be grouped under two headings , those seeking to ` restructure for labour " and those seeking to ` restructure for capital " .
In a similar way , talk of the spiritual can help to revitalize religion .
You can totally rejuvenate a dining table and chairs bought from a junk shop by painting them with gloss paint and buying a matching or contrasting tablecloth and seat cushions for the chairs .
This is often the problem with dull stainless steel which can be restored with a good quality cream cleanser .
Taiwan is currently developing the Tien Chi , a short-range ballistic missile system that can reach the coast of China .
The Tien Chi , first test - fired in 1997 , is a solid - fueled , two - stage missile with a 300 km range that can reach China 's southeastern coast .
You can see above all -- literally above all -- the somewhat flattened summit of La Rhune , the Basque mountain par excellence , 3,000 feet high and only seven or eight miles due south from Saint-Jean-de-Luz . 
but uh we try to avoid them with a passion because of the percent of interest rate if you 've got the cash to pay for something it 's better to do it that way than versus credit cards unless it 's a small enough sum that you can do it within a two three month period but
Given Japan 's relatively low crime rates , you can be sure you 'll be reunited with your precious souvenirs .
In addition , it can be exercised where , during antecedent negotiations , there were oral representations made irrespective of whether they were concluded on or off business premises ( s67 ) . 
The deep recession that followed shows how painful true perestroika can be . 
In extreme cases these rites take the form of human sacrifices followed by cannibalism .
Skilled ringers use their wrists to advance or retard the next swing , so that one bell can swap places with another in the following change .
In addition peripheral fibers cease to function as a culture ages consequently a very late arising structure that happens into an exclusion zone can develop there into a mature structure .
The microcomputer will print out reminders for all items which are overdue on a particular date and the reminders can be sent to pupils via the form or year tutor . 
Those with previous piping or drumming experience can join the OTC Pipes and Drums . 
Every horse owner seems to have their own theory or treatment which has worked on previous injuries and the veterinary profession can not agree on a common treatment . 
Furthermore they include provisions for the assessment of prior learning and portability of credits that can be accumulated and eventually applied towards a formal qualification . 
You can rely on her for that .
So the teacher finally asks Peggy , who can be relied on to know the correct answer :
Weapons programs can be based on indigenous ( i.e. , domestic ) production capabilities , or they can rely on foreign supplies and technologies .
But , Gov . Donald Carcieri , Providence Mayor David Cicilline and others told Chairwoman Susan Collins of Maine and Rhode Island Sen . Lincoln Chafee , they need more federal money , they need it to come faster when disaster strikes and they need a steady stream they know they can rely on from year to year .
But , Gov . Donald Carcieri , Providence Mayor David Cicilline and others told Chairwoman Susan Collins of Maine and Rhode Island Sen . Lincoln Chafee , they need more federal money , they need it to come faster when disaster strikes and they need a steady stream they know they can rely on from year to year .
Leitenberg , who has worked on arms control and chemical and biological weapons issues for 40 years , told UPI that `` a best case scenario '' might kill most of the inhabitants of a subway car , but added `` every calculation ( one can make about casualties ) relies on a whole series of assumptions . ''
Whilst the lion cub 's mother can hunt for what she needs , your kitten depends on you .
Not all class members can attend rallies etc , they , and the Society , depend on you to keep them up to date with the latest stock .
No manager can depend solely on information generated internally in the organization ; external information , often unpredictable in occurrence or impact , is critical .
CAN I count on the support of my friends and family ?
` In its struggle the current government of Serbia can count on the support of mighty Russia . "
I 'll watch your back at this end , you can count on me . "
` Whatever it is you can count on me , Sarah , you know that .
He told them : " I thank you once again for what you have demonstrated : that you are people who can be counted on , especially in difficult moments . "
Mrs Richards said , ` You can count on me to look after her , Shelley .
Sources also pointed to the swift response of troops loyal to General Noriega , especially the 7th Infantry , as evidence that he can still count on important parts of the military to back him up .
Since we can not count on people grasping much of the words at a first hearing it is the musical qualities which will contribute to the success or failure of a choral piece .
The ` crisis " is now a crisis for at most two or three large US banks , which have good reason to believe they can count on government help if worse comes to worst .
Christians believe that when a person meets Jesus they can turn their back on the past and return to a life with God .
` If you believe in miracles you can make them happen ! "
The path goes through fields and as it continues over rough ground you can see remnants of old riverbeds -- the Allt Choire Ardair has changed its course several times over the years .
The wheel and associated machinery has long gone but remnants of the mill race can still be traced under the drive .
At the same time , this adherence to the remnants of old political beliefs can add to the complication of government .
Now it appears that nothing can prevent the enthusiastic fossilisation of all that remains of the revolutionary structures of 1919-39 .
ALL THAT REMAINS of the palace begun by Canute is the much renovated hall built by William Rufus in 1097 , in which Charles I was tried and condemned , and the splendid fan-vaulted crypt below .
The coal char remaining is fed into the fluidized bed system , while the exhaust from the gas turbine can be used to help drive the fluidized bed .
After all , she thought , how can I forget the day I agreed to enslave most of Europe ? 
Living in Denver , Colorado , a very arid region , we had forgotten how penetrating the cold can be when accompanied by humidity . 
A Burmese proverb sums up what I felt about Burma : ` If you fall in love when young you can never forget through ten thousand years . " 
I can see how those faded images might suggest sultry nights of Mediterranean passion even if to me they now evoke only memories of sunburn and Retsina hangovers . 
` Can we afford it ? " asked Scarlet , forgetting on the instant her vow to abandon the practice of hope . 
Please do not forget that bottle banks can be used to save jars as well and that most sites have different banks for coloured and clear glass . 
forget who their quarterback is i can see his face
Do n't forget that the sun can be very strong in summer .
i forget what you call those things and and that was some of the best tasting water i mean i can still to this day taste that water
Do n't forget to protect young skin from the sun , which can be extremely powerful here .
The thin pad can be rolled up and discarded with its coat of mulm , saving you a great deal of maintenance in the main filter . 
Eggs attached to an immovable surface can be dislodged with a large feather and collected in a fine net . 
Any debris dislodged from them by hydraulic action sinks to the depths and can not be used by the waves to attack the cliffs . 
As yet there is no information on whether stores regulated by RYRs can induce capacitative entry if their calcium is drained by agents such as caffeine . 
Cosmic-rays can also eject atoms , ions and electrons from matter in the magnetosphere . 
However , if a cosmic-ray particle collides with matter inside the magnetosphere neutrons can be ejected from the atoms in the matter . 
The interaction of an X-ray photon with an atom , leading to ejection of a core electron , can be treated as a simple inelastic collision . 
The reverse phenomenon , forcing a language on people , can be a different means to eliminate competition by establishing linguistic inequality . 
A possible third -- over-exposure to specialised and/or volatile funds , can be eliminated simply by being cautious . 
These can not be eliminated without putting something in its place . 
Foods such as sugar , salt , spices , fat and alcohol can therefore aggravate a cellulite condition by cluttering up the system with additional waste matter that is poorly eliminated . 
The sanctions can not be lifted until U.N. inspectors certify that Iraq has eliminated its weapons of mass destruction and the means to produce them .
Rachaela put down the can opener and emptied the spaghetti into the saucepan . 
The consequences of fire in hospitals and other health care premises can be especially serious because of the difficulties and dangers associated with the emergency evacuation of patients , many of whom may be highly dependent . 
After several more paragraphs stating that any Yugoslavs " who can not be disposed of " on these conditions should be retained until arrangements can be made for their evacuation to Italy , an additional " NOTE " refers back to para ( i ) : " There was considerable discussion upon the interpretation of the term " use of force " . 
Short segments of DNA can now be excised from the cells of one organism and transferred in various ways to those of another . 
Equally , a partner can not be expelled by the other partners unless there is an express agreement to this effect in the partnership contract . 
Only the canny Mr Genscher , who knew the East Germans ' minds , could have thought of letting the regime save face by ` expelling " their own people across their own territory . 
One can imagine the expulsion to Earth ( of Melkor ) and the expulsion to Middle-earth ( of Galadriel ) coming , in a mind like Éomer 's , to seem much the same thing . 
That moment and place can never be expunged from his memory . 
A member of your support staff can then go through the newspapers extracting cuttings on a daily basis . 
The sensitivity can be improved and interference from other ions diminished by extracting the red colour with a solvent . 
After all , physicians can wander where they wish and prise secrets from others . 
They can be very difficult to prise away from the hairs to which they are attached . 
We can purge this disease from the countryside ! " 
Merely the removal of about £100,000 from the League annually in TV fees and sponsorship can cause an icy blast to the Fourth Division 's infirm . 
As yet , however , there are no well-established treatments than can effect the removal of , for example , metals and phosphates from waste water . 
A Trust spokesman said the volunteers were hoping to remove grass from the marsh so reeds can spread across the water . 
The clear eggs can be found by searching through the mop , strand by strand and removing them by hand . 
Existing employers and partners can also have a lot to say on this point and do not take kindly to large chunks of their work being removed by an exiting employee . 
Rinse the can out twice with boiling water to remove all the extract and pour the rinse water into the pan . 
The viruses are inactivated by removing most of their pathogenic sequences , but they can recombine with wild type viruses in the environment . 
Sgt Steve Atkinson said thieves walk in through unlocked back doors and snatch whatever they can . 
It is only with your help that the Czechoslovak Socialist Republic can be snatched away from the looming danger of counter-revolution . " 
Birds can quickly strip swelling buds from fruit bushes . 
It can even strip insulation from television co-axial cable . 
` Just take these other duties off my shoulders and give me a day a week for the next year to attend a decent training course so that I can master it , and I 'm yours . " 
This too can take pressure off your cashflow -- and the pension plan option makes excellent use of available tax relief on premiums and on the cash sum at retirement which is tax free . 
Using this , make a box 375mm square and 375mm high , with a lid that can be taken off in the spring so that the box can be cleaned . 
These deposits are then frozen -- they can not be withdrawn by the banks . 
Any abuse of the Flexible Working Hours facility can result in its withdrawal , in addition to any disciplinary action which may be taken . 
Goods can be unloaded and dealt with as soon as they arrive from the manufacturer . 
In reality , the risk is really rather slight , though even this can be eliminated by taking more trouble to rinse off all the detergent from the cat 's dishes . 
he ripped them off and stuck them in the envelopes and there they went you know and he said you know i can balance my checkbook in seconds you know because it 's all in the computer you know so
The user can also cut out pieces from the graphics and add to the graphics in any form .
Cut out the dead wood so that the young new wood can grow and develop .
This incapacitates them temporarily ; whilst imprisoned they can not victimize the public , although they do continue to victimize other prisoners , sometimes at a rate that exceeds community crime levels .
Such people should be diagnosed by experts and given appropriate treatment which will prevent them from re-offending ; if necessary they can be detained to incapacitate them in the meantime .
` If we do n't sell , we can lease the cellars to the Italians as they wanted . 
Nothing remains of the original fort , built in 1655 by General Monk to repel Jacobite invaders , but relics of these troubled times can be seen in the public museum .
You can actually repair or replace feathers , at least primary and secondary ones ( the larger wing and tail feathers ) , by some very ingenious methods .
When the battery needs replacing , the indicator can be transferred to a new pack , which has the same recommended list price as a standard 9.6 volt battery .
You can do the same thing on a computer file , deleting each phonetic entry and replacing it with the phonemic transcription or an orthographic one .
You replace your roof and stack the discarded tiles beside your house ; can you claim on your household insurance if they are stolen ?
If Snakes of the World can cure even a few readers of their phobia , replacing terror with admiration , it will have achieved its purpose .
Two main conditions can be suggested , that governments should be removable by electoral decisions and that some alternative can be substituted by electoral decision .
A matched pair of front fog lamps can be substituted for headlamps in conditions of fog or falling snow .
As an alternative to the fan strike ( right ) , the defender can retaliate by substituting a palm heel strike .
Can I avoid renewing the housing by substituting thick oil to prevent further leakage ?
A court can not substitute a care order for a supervision order on an application for discharge .
And to help mothers come to terms with their grief , money from the Telethon fundraising appeal has bought a special leatherbound Book of Remembrance in which the names of unborn babies can be recorded . 
Such solidarity can be quite ruthless : it is a much stronger force for people than any appeal to overriding common interests of on enterprise , a community , a nation . 
The only person you can discuss work with is your direct commander ( Amir ) , unless you are asked to do otherwise or if your work demands participation of others , and then through guidance of the leadership .
Therefore , we are asking you to donate 45 , $10 gift certificates that can be used toward the purchase of school supplies or clothing , in the total amount of $450 .
This way when we go out to ask for community support and are asked about our board giving level , we can show our in-house commitment through 100% board participation .
This way when we go out to ask for community support and are asked about our board giving level , we can show our in-house commitment through 100% board participation .
Not only can employers ask , they can require it ; and if you refuse more than once to do something your employer has asked just because nobody put it in your job description , you might even be denied unemployment benefits when they fire you .
25 billion in assets two Swiss banks may pay to survivors this week , they must fill out forms asking them to : `` Please describe , in as much detail as you can , where the Subject was from 1934 to 1945 . ''
Like his people , the Somalian President can only beg for help . 
` Mrs Heathcliff , " I begged , ` What can I do ? 
Presidents , on the other hand , can rarely issue plausible , self commands ; for the most part they must persuade rather than order other political actors to do what they want them to do . 
The Fiend is an elemental entity of Evil from the Warp , which can be magically bound and commanded in various ways by powerful Evil wizards . 
The greatest love a man can have for his friends is to give his life for them and you are my friends , if you do what I command . 
But even the blind can make certain demands for consistency upon those with sight .
In one sense this is simply to point out that we can always demand to have an explanation explained . 
Miracles can be worked by Him alone , although mere mortals may entreat Him by prayer to perform them on their behalf . 
` Pallas can not appease Olympian Zeus , though entreating him with many words and deep wisdom . 
` How can you stand it ? " implored Evelyn . 
` How much can a man stand ? " he implored . 
` What can I do ? " she had implored Nellie . 
Where a court order is made , it is not sufficient for a copy of that to be placed with the title deeds with nothing further being done , for the court order can be misplaced or removed . 
The British Government can not order people to label inhumanely produced veal , but consumers can demand it , supermarkets can provide the labelling and the restaurant trade can do the same if it is so minded . 
` If you can , " Kuhlmann ordered , ` meet me in the bar of the Canadian Pacific Hotel to report any findings . 
I can also appreciate that not all the statistics requested necessarily will be to hand but hope you can provide as much information as possible . 
A supervisor can request a file after reading the form . 
You then request the court to order the sale of the assets so you can recover your debt . 
` Can I explain that to you ? " she requested quietly . 
The broken arrows represent relationships whereby information can be requested , but on an ad hoc basis . 
Although US and Israeli intelligence agencies continue to insist Iran maintains a stockpile of chemical weapons , no challenge inspections of Iranian facilities have been requested , and none of the allegations made regarding the stockpiling of CW can be verified in the unclassified domain .
Help can be summoned from ACET or other services merely by pressing a button on a pendant worn around the neck . 
The cautious tell you not to drive in Naples , where one-way signs are meaningless , parking is impossible , traffic is relentless , and red and green lights can be purely decorative .
The cautious tell you not to drive in Naples , where one-way signs are meaningless , parking is impossible , traffic is relentless , and red and green lights can be purely decorative .
PARENTS who can not read and write should go back to school with their children , Princess Anne urged yesterday . 
He then urges experimentation on a sheet of watercolour paper , teaching you just what can be achieved by moving the brushes over the paper . 
I can see the coffee houses ordering enormous quantities -- if what I tasted at supper yesterday is any guide -- `
We really must keep a better fire , or see if we can put in some central heating of some sort . " 
Sustainable use is the key idea behind any kind of progress and we must do everything we can to support this , both in terms of financial aid and consumer ethics . 
It is sometimes said that if one wishes to reject such values one must do so by rejecting the very concepts incorporated in such words , and can not do this merely by applying their negation . 
Of course there are people who come from disadvantaged backgrounds ; of course we must do what we can about it . 
I 'll come home when I can , but I must go to London . 
Before a skyscraper can be built , a feng shui ( see page 68 ) investigation must take place to ensure that the site and the building will promote health , harmony , and prosperity .
If the law can do nothing we must take the risk ourselves . "
" Well , I suppose we 'd better go and see the Chief Rabbit and you can tell him about it .
It will have to be answered , so we had better talk about it in the shelter of our homes , and in the morning we can send and tell him what we think . "
` Anyway , I suppose I 'd better see what translation the TARDIS computer can offer of these papers . "
I 've got to get over to a village out on the Bologna road and I can easily drive there via Fiesole . 
But they 've got to know ` the basics " so they can survive . 
I 've got to absolutely love the work then I can try to male others see why . 
But before you can make an omelette you gotta break a few eggs , ai n't that so ? " 
Now , I 'll save your life , if I can , but it must be a bargain -- you must save Long John from dying under the law . ''
Rather than taking as gospel what the manufacturers tell us , SD-Scicon is busy researching what levels of system security users actually want so that CEC can make recommendations .
Drawing on American research on heroin ` epidemics " , we can also add empirical ` meat " to this conceptual framework .
Indeed much of the weakness of recent educational research can be traced to a failure to take account of such factors .
Woolgar , in a study based on the growth and development of pulsar research in astronomy , contends that scientific discovery can best be portrayed in terms of a process with an indefinite beginning and end .
Hamyan Vahdati , who is said to be heading Iran 's nuclear program , says that no country can be taken seriously without a nuclear research program , and that Iran wants to have the technology and knowledge to make nuclear weapons in case it needs them ( 7284 ) .
Other issues relate to investigating how this uncertainty information can best be presented to the user . 
So you can call MovieFone and book your seat for the latest Warner release . ''
Well , the people who run the box office are attempting to pursue social goals -- albeit in the ultimate name of profit -- which require that tickets go not only to those who can afford to pay a lot but also to those who really care and are willing to book early and/or stand in line .
The necessary arrangements for this can easily be seen to on the spot , but a more ambitious six- or seven-day trek needs some notice , so it would be best to book with your travel agent and settle the details before you leave home .
All the Eilat activities can be booked through Red Sea Sports ( see Scuba Diving , below ) .
Tickets to shows and concerts can be booked either at the venue itself or ( if paying with a major credit card ) by telephone from ticket agencies such as Ticketmaster ( Tel .
You can book tickets for performances on your arrival but popular acts or plays may sell out quickly .
You can book tickets for performances on your arrival but popular acts or plays may sell out quickly .
Your hotel concierge or tour desk has current schedules and can book tickets for you .
Allow at least two hours for a tour — you can book one at the Visitor Center , but it 's advisable to make an advance reservation , especially during the summer , by phoning Destinet at ( 800 ) 444-4445 ; group tours ( 800 ) 401-4775 ( both toll-free in US ) .
Often reserved in part for package tours , these ships are also open to independent travelers , and staterooms can even be booked in advance overseas with such lines as Victoria Cruises .
You can marinate the skinned and boned whole breasts in the marinade for the same time , or slice into think steaks and flatten them into very thin paillards . 
All kinds of things can be used as reflectors : projection screens ; aluminium foil which has been crumpled , roughly straightened out and stuck onto a sheet of hardboard ; or purpose-made reflectors bought from photographic dealers . 
If you save the scrapings from sharpening , these can be squished hard on to the paper . 
Rubbish or trash compactors can squash up cardboard boxes , cartons , tins , cans and bottles to a quarter of their original size . 
Our fingers can imitate the primary feathers and we can fold the elbow in a similar way . 
Its two halves are asymmetric and can not be folded to be superimposed without first turning one of them over . 
At best , paper 's materiality creates an unjustified impression of trustworthiness ; at worst , paper can be folded into an airplane that can poke someone 's eye out .
And to a former federal bomb investigator , that description suggests a powerful military-style plastic explosive C-4 that can be cut or molded into different shapes . 
We can afford to stay here . 
Some acid house parties can be heard miles away across the countryside : the inhabitants of normally quiet villages deserve protection . 
Leitenberg , who has worked on arms control and chemical and biological weapons issues for 40 years , told UPI that `` a best case scenario '' might kill most of the inhabitants of a subway car , but added `` every calculation ( one can make about casualties ) relies on a whole series of assumptions . ''
A lodger is entitled to live in the premises but can not call the place his own …
With a promising new job at a plastic injection molding manufacturer , his legal troubles in check and a safe place to live , Jerry can get on with the business of building a life for himself and contributing to his community .
Kids like Tommie J . , made a ward of the court because of repeated beatings by an alcoholic father ; Alice , sent to a group home to get help because of severe behavior disorders ; and John H . , a recovering alcoholic , rebuilding a relationships with his family so they can live together again .
With a promising new job at a plastic injection molding manufacturer , his legal troubles in check and a safe place to live , Jerry can get on with the business of building a life for himself and contributing to his community .
and John H. , a recovering alcoholic , rebuilding a relationships with his family so they can live together again .
One can live on trains .
Census Bureau , in spite of its best efforts , can not locate every poor person living in a census tract , therefore the poor are also undercounted , added Weir .
Some girls show a guy they 're terrific cooks -- and my room-mate shows him she can make friends with his granny ! 
They 're hippies or gypsies or squatters or whatever , and they 've already started camping out there as best they can . 
Increasingly in some areas it can be seen that settlement sites occupied in the Roman period continued through post-Roman times to form the basic framework of medieval and modern villages and hamlets . 
And how can the rights of churches be divorced from those of the lands they occupy ? 
One can only wonder what kept Alpine dwellers pinned to their meagre existence beyond habit , tradition and nowhere else to go . 
Susanna Rance finds out why serious-minded La Paz dwellers can be seen walking down the streets intently fondling toy cars , play-money and doll 's house pieces . 
This has enabled us to progress from cave dwellers to the point where we can ask about the ultimate theory of the universe . 
During the day , other city dwellers can be disturbed by the noise of traffic , especially heavy lorries going past their homes . 
The forces of nature , even today , are in control , and a winter storm which will inconvenience town and city dwellers can still devastate the hopes and aspirations and the economic structure of a Dales community . 
A transfer can only be effected in respect of a new tenant or occupant of " licensed premises " and licensed premises are premises in respect of which a licence is in force . 
Nevertheless , the condition of a house can prevent the occupants from being able to turn it into a home , and can affect their health and the stability of their relationships . 
I am not suggesting for a moment that this kind of problem can be resolved merely by putting more resources in , but at the same time there is need to spend more money , perhaps .
An outside problem can sometimes be helped by , say , more flexible working hours and so be resolved at management level .
Such issues can only be resolved at local level .
This type of debate can only be resolved when looking at the functions in some detail .
These facilities and Iran 's overall program are currently undergoing close scrutiny by the international community and will likely remain so until controversy over the facilities ' purpose and capability can be resolved .
Second , people can solve problems without knowing how they do it .
The question can be solved either by using differentiation ( more accurate ) or by tabulation ( approximate ) .
Also there should be an effective and widely respected authority which can solve disputes and give penalties in the case of infringement of mutually agreed codes of practice .
It is probable that current developments in IT will solve many of our present and future problems in ways which we can not foresee .
The disadvantage , of not gaining any practical experience of the knowledge you acquire while working through the course , can be overcome .
Any dissent or misunderstandings can be dealt with there and then in a battle fought on your ground , at your choice of time and to your agenda .
Consequently , it can be planned so that it is raised at the most appropriate time for it to be dealt with effectively .
However , it can not adequately deal with either issue without stepping out of its self-constructed framework which sees prejudice as the unenlightened , deviant behaviour of individuals .
I have explained how easy rabbits are to deal with in a dead-end , but a blockage can occur in the middle of a burrow when a number of rabbits have accumulated one behind the other .
He said some of the cases should be dealt with soon so that the principles for deciding who should be granted asylum ` can emerge and be tested on appeal " .
But he insisted the international community can do a much better job in helping Iraq deal with its economic and health problems .
He can fix everything -- washing machines , the fridge and the car .
Gardeners have been arguing about this for years , so I hope we can clear the matter up now once and for all .
We will do everything we can to clear up the open questions . ”
It is easy to see , then , that with a good brushing method you can clear up this condition and prevent gum disease .
But Obama 's aides have rebuffed those plans , arguing that Washington can maintain influence in Baghdad through arms sales and diplomatic engagement , rather than a large troop presence .
LINFIELD are pondering a fresh move for Ballymena United striker Neil Candlish after having a £20,000 bid rejected by the Braid club last week .
Of course , before Adler 's theory can be rejected on these grounds , it would be necessary to investigate the details of the theory rather than a caricature .
The acquisition and creation of these various weapon systems can also be seen as a response to Iran 's own experience as a victim of chemical and missile attacks during the Iran - Iraq War .
I hope we can stay at the top for the rest of the season . ''
The rest of the time can be spent exploring Svaneke 's winding streets with museums , half-timbered houses and lush gardens , or taking a boat trip to unspoilt Christianso island and it navel fortresses .
I can disclose tonight that there is a five-point plan of pain for the Welsh people . 
About 830,000 tonnes of tuna is sold annually in the US , and canners have often failed to disclose on their labels where the tuna was caught , let alone under what conditions . 
On the one hand this can be attributed to an unwillingness by politicians to provide for a greater disclosure of information . 
Yet the Committees can not force ministers and civil servants to divulge information . 
And can we expect states to allow non-coercive jural agencies to gather information in an effective manner when this involves the divulgence of state secrets , even if this is seen as the only way to secure confidence in , for instance , disarmament treaties ?
But there are things you would be ashamed to tell even your doctor , things so vile they can only be confessed to the lowest , most contemptible functionaries of all .
I can not make myself write down the things that Jekyll , with tears in his eyes , confessed to me that night .
Aged 28 and every inch the tall , pragmatic bassist , Granville confesses his own particular field of expertise with remarkable candour , considering .
Judges confess in private that there are counsel now practising whom they can not understand . 
Her shy confession of love is in deep contrast to that of Natalia , who can not wait to show that her emotions are fully aroused when left alone with the same man . 
` You can make your confession to me , Molly . 
Her shy confession of love is in deep contrast to that of Natalia , who can not wait to show that her emotions are fully aroused when left alone with the same man .
` He can say that again , " the lorry-driver confided to me .
In spite of being informed about the widespread criticism of his speech , he confided to his aide-de-camp that " the army can do nothing against me " .
Although copies of the sample test were leaked to the Belfast Telegraph immediately following its release , this newspaper in common with others can not print questions from it before June 14 .
But OFT spokesman Terry Larkin said no action had yet been taken and admitted : ` These things can take months . " 
` It protects its own , can not bring itself to admit mistakes , so that many of its practitioners seem more concerned with process than justice . 
The sanctions can not be lifted until U.N. inspectors certify that Iraq has eliminated its weapons of mass destruction and the means to produce them .
And , lastly , the definition of rules for housework establishes a mechanism whereby the housewife can reward herself for doing it . 
We can help you devise the scheme you need to meet your needs in the most cost-effective way , to reward your employees without overstraining your cashflow or profits , and our specialists will come and explain everything to your employees . 
If muggers can be deterred by punitive sentencing , then some of them must be made an example of . 
We have judges to decide punishments for criminals , and we have a large army , which can not be defeated by any other in the world . " 
To abuse it , by sending false information , is usually regarded as wrong , and can , in certain circumstances , incur the punishment of imprisonment or a fine . 
Do n't worry , Robyn ; punishment , of a certain kind , meted out in a special way , can be quite enjoyable ; I promise it wo n't be painful . " 
You can catch one of Hong Kong 's historic trams along Des Voeux Road and ride from Central to Causeway Bay ( see box , page 66 ) .
YOU can fly North-west Airlines from Gatwick to San Diego via Minneapolis .
QN : Can he just get on a plane and fly to Paris ?
You can also take a ferry to Macau to find an entirely different kind of city , a unique blend of Chinese and Iberian culture .
The New Territories can be explored by taking the Kowloon - Canton Railway ( KCR ) , which makes 10 stops between the station in Kowloon and Sheung Shui , the last stop before entering China .
You can take a ferryboat through the harbor , past the ingenious Plover Cove reservoir , a water catchment area appropriated by damming and draining a broad inlet from the sea .
But it 's always dangerous ; other good cells can be damaged by this method .
Dangerous driving is usually reserved for intentional dangerous driving or where it can be proved the defendant was driving in such a way as to fall within the new definition of ` driving dangerously '' in section 2A ( 1 ) to ( 4 ) of the Road Traffic Act 1988 .
Avitus places Clovis 's baptism in the aftermath of the liberation of a " captive people " ; the only group which can easily be described in these terms are the Gallo-Romans of Aquitaine . 
Settings of the Holy Communion and of canticles are rarely used , however , and the emphasis remains firmly congregational . 
As a divorcee , Docherty can no longer take communion and has distanced himself from the catholic faith , an institution he believes deserted him in his hour of need . 
And she can not wait for her wedding blessing in December next year -- on her fourth anniversary . 
Edward is anointed with holy oil : he has the power of healing , they say ; he loves his chaplains and worships daily , prostrate , where he can be seen . 
Passion Sunday can have its Entrance rite at every Mass with a simple responsorial Hosanna . 
What we bring to the rite of Mass can draw out from it our response to God 's grace and friendship . 
In extreme cases these rites take the form of human sacrifices followed by cannibalism .
Similarly , there is a stronger awareness that graves are not merely places where artefacts can be obtained for study but are reservoirs of data reflecting numerous activities of a past society in addition to mortuary rituals . 
Can the fundamentally religious ritual be the new foundation of a piece of modern art , to be evaluated according to purely aesthetic criteria ? 
Circumcision ( 4:24-26 ) : Moses failed to circumcise his son -- and God can not overlook disobedience , even in one he has chosen . 
At last night 's service , which ended with a piper playing the lament Flowers on the Forest , Father Keegans said : ‘ Quite simply , life can not be the same again …
Again misunderstandings can occur , and the person leading the service and trying to communicate a Christian message may be hard put to it to demonstrate their true meaning . 
I can say this with sympathy and love even though I am , as many know , entirely supportive of the ordination of women . 
To the extent that Catholic Secondary School pupils have received the Sacraments of Initiation and are living in a community of faith , catechesis can validly be said to be a function of the Catholic School . 
In extreme cases these rites take the form of human sacrifices followed by cannibalism .
It can ( with the consent of the Kent County Council ) make traffic regulations controlling the use of these and other roads in the immediate vicinity of the port . 
They can take one of the following forms : 1- Steel pipes : Insert 4 inch pipes in the ground at 50 centimeters apart and a height of one meter then fill them with cement 2- Barrels : They are filled with cement and place around the building , especially at the entrance to prevent cars from crashing into it 3- Ditches : They are better than road bumps because they are harder to see .
You can catch one of Hong Kong 's historic trams along Des Voeux Road and ride from Central to Causeway Bay ( see box , page 66 ) .
You can walk around the peak for impressive views of Hong Kong , the coastline , and the islands in 45 minutes on Lugard and Harlech roads .
If you can get up early enough , you can attend the pre-dawn auction held at the vast local wholesale fish market ; otherwise , have a look at the street market that goes on later in the day .
Everything is sold here , from clothing to souvenirs to electronic goods , and the market is known for its street-side food stalls , where you can dine inexpensively on seafood .
For a formal theme , neat-growing trees such as the clay-loving acers can be planted at regular intervals along a brick path to create a little avenue . 
Not all of us can aspire to this level but we can ask questions such as ` what would be the effect of building a motorway between towns A and B ? " 
Driving on German motorways can require strong nerves and does not leave much attention for observing the countryside . 
But nobody who regularly uses the motorway can say they have n't been warned about the dangers of driver fatigue . 
As she sat on a pavement around lunchtime , she was approached by a boy , who it was claimed tried to demonstrate to her how an aerosol can be used as a flame-thrower . 
Emergency admissions as a result of road traffic accidents or falls on icy pavements can not be arranged . 
She stood on the pavement and pointed the spray can at the low brick wall of their front garden . 
This is now the nearest railway to Bishop 's Castle and Clun , but its future can not be assumed . 
The New Territories can be explored by taking the Kowloon - Canton Railway ( KCR ) , which makes 10 stops between the station in Kowloon and Sheung Shui , the last stop before entering China .
The Spanish style , favoured by the Santa Fe and other railroads in the Southern States , can be divided into two streams , the baroque and the mission . 
At the beginning of the second millennium b.c. , Jerusalem was a Canaanite mountain stronghold on a secondary trade route , far less important than biblical cities such as Hazor , Megiddo , Beth Shean , and Shechem .
There are restaurants and a Starbuck's in the basement , and you can access the raised pedestrian crosswalk from the escalators on the ground floor .
If you want a nice long walk you can go by the iron bridge and through Ballochbuie forest … ` 
Due to the tunnel going through several types of rock of varying hardness , the tunnellers can not use a tunnelling machine like the ones used in the Channel tunnel work .
Warren 's Shaft , part of a Canaanite water system discovered by 19th - century archaeologists and open to visitors , might be the very tunnel infiltrated by David 's army .
More pleasantly , you can browse among lanes of antiques , flowers , herbs , fruit , goldfish , songbirds , and more .
Walkers and cyclists can be attracted to long-distance tracks by the chance to discover and learn about the history of the local communities they pass through . 
Just outside Dorchester near Higher Bockhampton you can go on great walking or mountain biking trails and discover the cottage where Hardy lived . 
You can take the Malt Whisky Trail and visit seven excellent distilleries and enjoy the stunning countryside at the same time . 
Scraps of the local railway system , which died in the 1930s , can be seen imbedded in Los Angeles boulevards like fragments of a lost civilisation . 
Relaxed by sleep , he allowed his mind to conjure up the big house on the boulevard du Cange . 
When a flurry of snow lightly dusts the roads and pathways of the urban and suburban areas you can be sure that Baldersdale and the rest of the high Pennines will be thigh deep . 
Here 's what happens when loggers move in : -- bulldozers clear roadways through the forest so the lorries and other equipment can get in . 
He added : ` I walked along that roadway myself only two weeks ago and I can honestly say it was one of the best I have ever seen . 
The sweeping driveways , thickly foliaged gardens and imposing façades underline a privacy that can only be bought or inherited . 
They 're not building that runway at Potosi so that we Bolivians can travel , as if we had the money ! 
Taking off from London 's Heathrow you can pilot a 300-ton Boeing 747-200 to New York , landing on the runway of JF Kennedy Airport . 
As for the muggers who injure first and rob later , there is only one thing you can do : keep your eyes open , be aware of people around you , know what they are doing and look for likely ambush spots . 
They now hope the robbers can be identified . 
A reward 's now on offer for anyone who can help police track down a man who mugged a 64 year old woman paying respects in Banbury cemetery . 
This is not so you can cross-dress in the privacy of wild open country , or perform a stick-up on a youth hostel and rob them of the night 's takings of £14.95 , but to put over your head when the midges come out . 
The structure of the wheel remains alongside the north-west elevation of the mill , although the wooden paddles have entirely rotted away and it can not be made to turn ( Plate 43 ) . 
If water can penetrate and collect in joints , the wood will rot quickly unless steps are taken to prevent it . 
By the time the latrine needs emptying again , in about 15 years , the sludge will have decomposed and can be dug out and spread on neighbouring farms . 
The joints between plastic gutters can leak too -- usually because dirt or grit has got between the gutter and the seal or because the seal itself has perished . 
Above all , can they run the risk that it will not be able to deliver quality ?
Putting a fist , or other object , into the rectum may result in injury to the lining of this area and therefore can increase the risk of HIV transmission .
Mourning can have a therapeutic function that we ignore at our peril .
You can cut out the first step generally , and risk your life waiting for the 710710 nu mber to become free , then get details of what areas are still not sold out etc .
` Aye , such heedlessness -- such invitation to injury , as if to a friendly playmate -- can imperil our battle planning , risking loss of personnel and materiel .
Black immigration , recession , and the enormous purses which television can provide have meant there remain a ready supply of men willing to risk brain damage in the ring .
If we can satisfy the stringent requirements of the number system then we have established a scale of measurement .
Ancient history is scarce around these parts , and you take it where you can get it -- even from people you wiped out in more recent times .
Mistletoe is very scarce and dear this year , and I can offer you seven pounds for it . "
From the monastery , hikers enjoy the two - hour cross-country trek down to Silvermine Bay , but the authorities have warned walkers to be on the lookout for snakes , which can be plentiful in the Lantau hinterland , especially in summer .
Tours of the village of Accompong and the Native Arawak cave drawings nearby can be arranged through the Jamaica Tourist Board .
Several hotels have courses on their own grounds , but all hotels and guesthouses can arrange an introduction to the club you d like to play .
Brewery tours can be arranged , and the Qingdao International Beer Festival in mid- August has become China s first attempt at an Oktoberfest .
German industry is scouring the globe for countries where German waste can be recycled . 
On sweeps of suspected terrorists , they look for the often-subtle Arabic accents and dialects that can suggest a detainee 's nationality and possible intent .
A careful analysis of clients ' backgrounds , their experiences when involved with social services and longer-term situations would sharpen the focus of practice and can be easily undertaken . 
This hypothesis requires further analysis of the passive voice before it can be considered confirmed however . 
The resulting analysis can set bounds on the uncertainties , while producing a range of estimates of the country 's capabilities .
Before a skyscraper can be built , a feng shui ( see page 68 ) investigation must take place to ensure that the site and the building will promote health , harmony , and prosperity .
All the entries can then be perused at leisure in a popular year-long exhibition in the foyer of the Ark Restaurant . 
Transend scan all titles in the library for all known viruses , so you can rest assured that our disks are secure . 
Predators can , of course , usually scan the entire field by moving the head , and the owl 's head is so mobile that it will turn through 360 degrees . 
In a binary file , information has been converted to the machine 's internal number representation and can be scanned much more rapidly by analysis programs . 
You can even scan for viruses that would normally be missed by a standard scanner because it would have been hidden away in an archive file . 
A thorough prior scrutiny of guidebook descriptions and diagrams can help greatly to find the general line of such descents . 
These facilities and Iran 's overall program are currently undergoing close scrutiny by the international community and will likely remain so until controversy over the facilities ' purpose and capability can be resolved .
You can tell me how your husband 's job search is going . 
This tells you how much you can borrow so that you can concentrate your search within a given price range . 
During the month of November , resident waterfowl can be seen searching the increasingly barren landscape for food . 
A study by Dublin 's Trinity College has established that yeasts found on tree leaves are pollution-sensitive and can provide an inexpensive method of monitoring air pollution . 
He is fighting a Canute-like battle to keep the study of Russian texts in the original on the syllabus when an awkward conundrum crosses his path in the form of the lovely Anna . 
The role of environment and inherited characteristics can then be separately assessed by studying how often both twins with each type of background suffer from psychiatric disorder . 
It says its traffic surveys show the road can take extra vehicles and that the site would be tastefully landscaped . 
We 'll be happy to survey your home to ensure that you can pick up the necessary signals … and that you really will be able to enjoy perfect Satellite Television reception . 
Elaine England , senior training analyst at Lloyds Bank says : ` The worst thing you can do is fall in love with the gadgets and technology . " 
But , for the data analyst who is prepared to use judgement as well as arithmetic , smoothing can clarify many otherwise ragged situations . 
I suspect that that is not so , and we can probe it in more detail in Standing Committee . 
Thus not only can the dichotic listening paradigm be employed as a tool for investigating brain asymmetry but it can also be used to probe the nature of speech perception . 
Only through such discussions can we begin to probe the ways in which a satisfying and total response gradually emerges . 
Outriders mounted on huge slavering wolves patrol the area to the tribe 's front , probing for enemies and scouting out small settlements that can be raided and pillaged . 
We can therefore choose the depth to which we probe by using appropriate electron binding energies . 
Biography is in that sense a convenient fiction since no one can probe , without the risk of farcical failure , those hidden perceptions or experiences which run alongside the observable life but may not necessarily touch it . 
The sanctions can not be lifted until U.N. inspectors certify that Iraq has eliminated its weapons of mass destruction and the means to produce them .
Whole chapters can be SKIMMED in minutes rather than hours . 
A building surveyor can offer guidance on any problems you anticipate as far as structure , planning and building regulations , and cost are concerned . 
The New Territories can be explored by taking the Kowloon - Canton Railway ( KCR ) , which makes 10 stops between the station in Kowloon and Sheung Shui , the last stop before entering China .
Everything exchanged in the secret correspondence has to be tiny so it can be hidden in the palm of the hand : pills , passport sized pictures of the family .
From the ferry terminals on Hong Kong Island you can escape to islands without cars or cares , where the local people smile `` hello '' and , if you 're lucky , point you to a secret beach for the ultimate in quality leisure time .
It must be noted that this latter source , cited by Anthony Cordesman , can not be independently corroborated , and firsthand data on Iranian BW agents is unavailable in open sources .
Most of these claims can not be verified in open sources .
CREDO Mid-Pay is a completely confidential service , since you alone determine who can provide us with payroll information , and who can receive it .
For free , confidential advice and help you can ring the National AIDS Helpline on , any time , any day .
Although US and Israeli intelligence agencies continue to insist Iran maintains a stockpile of chemical weapons , no challenge inspections of Iranian facilities have been requested , and none of the allegations made regarding the stockpiling of CW can be verified in the unclassified domain .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
Now I can not bear the darkness and have to keep on relighting the candle , fumbling for the matches in the total darkness . 
In fact , one of the main advantages of using IFAs is that they can hunt through the range of mortgage offers and find the best deal for you . 
While countries may seek to develop all of these capabilities on an independent , indigenous basis , they can and often do seek some inputs from foreign sources .
1 ) Voters can `` buy '' one of two brands when they select their political agents -- a Republican brand that believes in the minimalist state and in the virtues of private markets over the vices of public action , and a Democratic brand that believes in big government and in public intervention to remedy the excesses attendant to the pursuit of private interest .
` Not if I can help it . "
` How dare you think you can just barge into my property ! 
Still others have taken to burrowing into wood or even into limestone , and fossils of these curious animals can be found lying in their home-made burrows ( see p. 21 ) . 
I gave you yesterday the analogy of the home , and now we can imagine Mary bustling about the home with water for washing , for cooking and for cleaning . 
Such bad habits include the horse refusing to stand still while someone is trying to mount it , or the horse cantering on only one lead . 
The horses were free in the courtyard now , cantering about in terror whilst Ivrigar 's people tried to control them . 
You will be asked to walk , trot and canter around the ring with the other horses . 
And when you tire of that , how about hiring a mountain bike and cycling through real mountains , or for the more traditional , cantering out through meadows and forest on horse-back . 
Horses love to canter up hills : they want to see what is beyond . 
From time to time , horses and riders would canter past . 
Hermes cantered slowly but Tessa , Nora 's filly , was close to a gallop . 
The Springfield playing fields have been ploughed up by cars driving on them , horses cantering and people playing golf . 
From walk , they progressed to canter . 
At the end of that week , Grégoire was allowed to canter . 
He cantered behind the tower . 
Mabs picked up her reins , pulled her horse 's head up and said , ` Shall we canter up to the top ? " 
He clasped me once more by the wrist and , turning his horse , cantered quickly out of sight . 
` Impressive , is n't it ? " observed a voice by Rincewind 's knee as the horse cantered through the haze of decaying timber and falling leaves . 
Our horses plunged down from the hard road , cantered heavily through a league of wet meadow-land , and gained the fast going of the road that led south-west . 
The rest clambered into their saddles , and followed him unquestioningly as he led them at a canter downslope to where the hills opened out and patches of ground could be seen where the snow was melting . 
On another day we climbed up the hill behind the cottage , a craggy natural fortress where Iron Age remains of habitation can still be seen , to look back from two hundred feet up . 
The bee enters the flower to collect the nectar , pollinating it in the process , but then finds that it can only escape from the flower by crawling along a narrow , tortuous channel . 
Just as soon as the young ferrets can see and crawl around the nest is the time to make a start . 
You can find it on the maps of Bosnia-Herzegovina , hugging the road that crawls around the mountains between Medjugorje and Mostar . 
You can just stick your head under the flap of the tent and crawl right in . 
The ticks infest deer , and people are so worried by it they are culling deer and stopping vegetation reaching a height where ticks can crawl off on to people innocently walking by or blackberry picking . 
The Elleray Park special school pupil can not sit , stand , crawl or walk unaided and his parents still await his first words . 
A starfish on the reef can crawl across a clam , fasten its tube feet on either side of its gape and slowly wrench the valves apart to feed on the flesh within . 
The worms crawl onto the sticks , which can then be picked up and dipped directly into the fry tank . 
It 's amazing how fast you can dance when the bad cowboys shoot bullets at your boots . 
She later shows her mettle as a clog dancer abetted by four pretty girls , tries to set her cap at Father Thomas , but finally realises she can not frustrate true love and dances out happily with the rest . 
Cupboard doors were flying , the trash can in the kitchen walked a few feet , the dogs came running , and I scooted them into the dog run and stood in the doorway myself , watching the outside trash cans dance across the concrete .
The tiny fry ( about 1.5mm ) will be seen darting around the container and they can be removed by using a pipette or a teaspoon . 
Often the oval shaped body with its waving flagella can be seen quite clearly darting around among the intestinal debris obtained from your fish . 
Bit of a squeeze , but if I can get through , you can follow , and we 'll make a dash . " 
I dashed back in to make Dad his sandwiches and pour his tea into his billy can . 
They can be observed flitting across the pit as they attempt to swim , with the parent picking them up and spitting them back into the quivering mass . 
The surrounding countryside is quite lovely and you can take a pleasant amble along the river or a more challenging hike along the South Downs Way , which passes nearby . 
Walking in this area is very extensive , and it ranges from gentle strolls around the lake , to strenuous hikes up and down the mountains : walking maps can be obtained at the local tourist office . 
Finally you can walk in from the A86 , an eight- or nine-mile hike , and then start the climb . 
But Norwich social services bosses say he does not need the pass because he can hobble a quarter of a mile without help . 
` You can give me a lift , " said Irina , hopping off the table . 
Lasts all day so you can hop on or off at leisure to visit attractions en route . 
There 's no need to use it if the river 's not in spate , since you can just as easily hop over some stones in the shallows a few yards further upstream . 
Lice are insects which can not fly or hop . 
Or you can use the Back Door to hop between two rooms -- it takes you back to the room you were in last . 
` Besides , if we hurry home , I can have you all to myself for a while before they come . " 
But we can say nothing to these things you know Jackson , we must jog on and be content with the jingling of the bells , only d -- it , I hate a dust , and kicking up a dust , and being confined in harness while others ride in the waggon , under cover , stretching their legs in the straw at ease , and gazing at green trees and blue skies without half my Taste . 
Nowadays few people can detect this very slight disability although I tend to limp a bit if I get tired . 
We can imagine animals like these darting through the undergrowth in search of food while the colossal reptiles lumbered obliviously around them . 
THE Battle of Britain is won and now Rangers can march forward onto the continental mainland in search of their own VE Day . 
Here you can safely get back to the lower path to meander round coves of sparkling sandy beaches . 
I can see Eliot pacing under the mighty oaks and pushing his way through hazel thickets in a smart suit , a bowler hat , and grey spats . " 
Barefoot , she padded into her cramped kitchen and took a can of Coke from the refrigerator . 
Plodding up and down stony paths , crossing tussocky moorland and jumping streams can all make great demands on footwear . 
Dispel notions of lethargic ponies plodding nose to tail , only speeding up on the way back to the stables : trail riding can be both challenging and exciting . 
` I 'm to be slightly too clever , the hare to your tortoise , so that you can plod past me half-way round the course and make me look a fool . " 
If the bird 's head disappears behind some small obstruction , the cat can be seen to rush forward and pounce , as though it knows that at that moment the bird can not see its rapid advance . 
The comfort and security you are chasing can only be temporary with pusillanimous people like you prancing around . 
A strange assortment of livestock roam outside the garden 's fenced perimeter and amongst the Nubian goats , geese , and miniature Shetland ponies , a strange creature , a Langrake ( otherwise known as a Cumbrian Long-Necked Sheep ) , can be spotted . 
The locality can not be fully protected without having patrols roaming on the outside area of the fence .
Indeed , you can see their wonder as they land from their cruise ships and are greeted with a scene from Olde Englande played out by Bermudians in 17th-century dress romping around the dinkily preserved streets . 
Cupboard doors were flying , the trash can in the kitchen walked a few feet , the dogs came running , and I scooted them into the dog run and stood in the doorway myself , watching the outside trash cans dance across the concrete .
That choreography ? â€� ? you lay down fire while I run forward , then I cover you while you move your team up ? â€� ? is so powerful that it can overcome enormous tactical deficits .
Night 's coming , you can see the black shadow on the stones that rush past and between your feet . 
I can picture the convoy now : the little navigating jeep in front , the solid three-tonners rolling along steadily , and the jeeps scampering about at the back . 
You can scoot off now , " cried the little man . 
We came out from church at about quarter-past ten and I would scoot home , for it was my job to take a can of tea and hot-cross buns ( they were really hot ) down to Dad already hard at work in the allotment . 
As the show is brought up to performance night , 100 people can be scrambling around the stage . 
Can you imagine Lord Williams scurrying around on his hands and knees outside hotel room doors ? " 
Can I scuttle across the ceiling ? 
If artists have to address the fact that AIDS-sufferers shuffle off this mortal coil faster than most of the rest of humanity , perhaps the arts most closely linked to the body can express the idea best . 
Auks swim and dive readily and constantly , but on land can only shuffle awkwardly . 
Circles , straight lines and zig-zags can be chalked or painted on to a hard surface for children to walk , run , jump or skip along . 
` You can come and help me to carry some pictures , George dear , " she said to young Curdle , who was skipping about the playground . 
The sandals had shiny soles with no grip and I can clearly remember skipping into the registry office and falling flat on my face . 
` Do n't think you can skulk off , " he growled . 
The game is up and you must skulk back to your own area , full of socks and thick hats , and leave the mysterious , metallic things to people who can answer such a query with a number and a knowing smile . 
KILLERS can get away with murder if they convince courts they were sleepwalking , a judge in Canada ruled yesterday . 
` Now , sir , " Cranston continued quietly as the other traders slunk back , ` I can ask the wardsman to convene a jury of your peers or we can settle on a fine ? " 
A sudden reminder to the world that while the Russian Bear may be slinking back into its cave , the American Eagle can still scream through the skies , is one thing . 
And , while a little pressure can do us good -- without it some of us might n't even bother to slither out from under the Slumberdown in the mornings -- too much is definitely a bad thing . 
` This hunger-striking buffoon sneaks out to eat so he can be well fed when he takes over the presidency , but he is screwed , " General Noriega said of his opponent . 
Never give him a chance to fight on even terms if you can sneak up and kill him first . 
People should remember that you need attention too , and not ignore you and sneak away from you , People who sneak away from you can not really be your friends in the first place . 
It 's not much protection from wind at this slower speed , but you can unnerve the man in front of you , wait for a moment of weakness and spring past . 
This transition can be accomplished in 29 branchings , which we may naively think of as a stately walk of 29 steps across genetic space . 
You can visit the village -- it has a pub , beach and a shop -- then retrace your steps through the woods to reach the Saints ' Way . 
On most boards the footstraps can be fitted when you improve so on no account should they be on the board when you learn as they can get in your way as you step around the board . 
Then you can step out and inspect the outside . 
You can step across the fording on the rocks . " 
Viewed from an overhead perspective , Rufus can stomp from block to block with impunity but falls to his death if he makes a wrong move . 
Walking in this area is very extensive , and it ranges from gentle strolls around the lake , to strenuous hikes up and down the mountains : walking maps can be obtained at the local tourist office . 
I know of a very nice hotel in Seabourne where we can enjoy a fabulous meal and afterwards take a romantic stroll by the sea in the moonlight . " 
With design in Germany racing forward , some of their ideas for coordinating fabrics in the bedroom with colours in your wardrobes can create an image which is as cool as a stroll in the Black Forest . 
Walks vary from a gentle stroll to the neighbouring resort of Thumersbach , from where you can return by boat , through to more challenging rambles using the cable car further up the mountains . 
With experienced guides , you can stroll among the seals and even feed some of the babies while their mothers go for a swim under the ice . 
After the happy hour at the crêperie you can move onto the free disco and strut your funky stuff or watch the twice weekly cabaret show . 
On the battlefield , a night patrol about to scout out the lie of the land , or mount a surprise attack , obviously can not afford to stumble around with flashlights pointing in all directions . 
If can recall to this day a book I had for review years and years ago in which the hero swaggered into a smart London nightclub , ordered a magnum of champagne and drank it down . 
With experienced guides , you can stroll among the seals and even feed some of the babies while their mothers go for a swim under the ice . 
The modern Leisure Centre is situated in Eirias Park , and all the family can enjoy a relaxed swim in sparkling clear ozone treated water which eliminates the usual swimming pool odours . 
That 'll give everyone a chance to rest and then we can swim across to those fields . " 
He can not make the dog or the duck swim across . 
The slime reduces the drag experienced by the fish swimming behind , which can consequently swim faster . 
It learns the relative positions of the pools at high tide , when it can swim over them . 
` You bloody well get in here and swim to where you can stand up . " 
Apparently they 've got this tiny fish which is attracted by the heat or whatever and can swim up your pee as you 're peeing . 
But undulating side-wings are not such powerful propellants as a thrashing tail , so the manta can not swim as fast as its shark cousins or rival them as hunters . 
You can swim there -- it 's not too far . 
` Oh , then can I swim tomorrow ? " 
Presumably they acquire this knowledge when the tide is high and they can swim from one basin to another , and they are able to translate that information into a mental picture of their entire territory . 
At this level you can sunbathe or swim from a stone jetty ( connecting off-shore rocks ) or in one of the two swimming pools . 
I can swim quite well in the pool if I want to . " 
In subtropical Hong Kong you can swim from April to early November .
So many of our wild creatures are nocturnal and never seen , but tiptoeing out after dark with torch in hand , can open up a whole new world . 
The lead sprite can jump , crouch , dangle convincingly from ledges , take different sized leaps , tiptoe cautiously -- he is amazingly lifelike . 
` Well then , if you can promise it 'll be alright at Mona 's , let's toddle along there . " 
You do n't imagine we can simply walk out of here , do you ? -- win or lose , up stakes and toddle off back to the world of boiled cabbage and beds with sheets ? 
Now I suppose I shall have to tramp back to Moorgate underground station , before I can find a cab . 
The clash of ginger on pink as a small skipper butterfly lands on petals of camp ion ; gorse pods popping in the hot sun ; small striped snails creeping out on to the wet path after a cloud burst ; soldier beetles gathered on the white umbels of wild carrot : these sights and sounds I can enjoy at my pottering leisure -- whilst the hordes of laden hikers tramp by with stern faces and never a glance to left or right . 
I can see him now , treading down the soil , making shallow drills and sprinkling the seed , and watching anxiously several weeks later to see if they had germinated . 
Take stairs rather than lifts or escalators ; do not trudge up them as if you were mounting Everest but go as briskly as you can . 
We can wade the river at the shallows . 
I walk upstream ; upstream because I can wade to the other bank if I need to and any disturbance will not carry far against the current . 
In any case , it 's not a cantering or galloping exercise , it 's simply a walk among the ewes to make sure there are no lambing troubles or cast sheep . " 
You can take a 12-mile or 20-mile circular walk around the village . 
` She thinks she can just waltz in and have her photograph taken now . " 
I bet they think they can waltz home . " 
There are footpaths wandering away into the countryside , where wonderful views of the mountains of three countries ( Austria , Germany and Switzerland ) can be enjoyed . 
All I could see , that I now remember , was this fellow in blue overalls wandering down the street outside , drinking a can of Coca Cola . 
Just let your mind wander to sunnier climates and pretend you are indulging in your favourite pursuit , or as an alternative you can concentrate on getting each of your body to relax . 
The road serves the village of Barashevo and sometimes the civilians have to stand behind the lines of the guards and wait for the columns of criminals to go by before they can proceed on their way . 
Without it I can not proceed . " 
Out in the open the bird can fly enormous distances , so even if you spotted one , the chances are it would have flown miles away before you could get your camera ready to shoot . 
Sure enough , a couple of rock doves fly out of the crack with a clatter of wings , and we can see a scarcely fledged youngster perched on a ledge in the gloom of the sea-cave . 
We needed a compass bearing to ensure we headed off in the right direction , a reminder that even a ` valley " walk can land the unwary in difficulties . 
The New Territories can be explored by taking the Kowloon - Canton Railway ( KCR ) , which makes 10 stops between the station in Kowloon and Sheung Shui , the last stop before entering China .
You can build an appetite for dinner by making your way from the beach to the restaurant .
Cupboard doors were flying , the trash can in the kitchen walked a few feet , the dogs came running , and I scooted them into the dog run and stood in the doorway myself , watching the outside trash cans dance across the concrete .
You can walk around the peak for impressive views of Hong Kong , the coastline , and the islands in 45 minutes on Lugard and Harlech roads .
Just across the border is the huge Lo Wu City shopping mall , to which you can walk ; other shopping malls are nearby .
Moreover , when a lorry can drive up to 600 miles ( 960 km ) on a single tank of fuel , longhaul drivers can avoid paying British diesel taxes by filling up in France .
Cleveland fire service has taken delivery of two all-terrain Pinzgauers vehicles which can climb embankments , drive smoothly over the roughest of ground and keep going in water .
In woodlands they can swing from tree to tree or scramble over the treetops to drop to the forest floor below . 
Chimpanzees , on the other hand , usually only cross if the branches are so close that they can swing over . 
You can build an appetite for dinner by making your way from the beach to the restaurant .
Enormously swollen parotid especially on the left side ; sensitive to the least touch or pressure which causes severe pain , he shrinks away when approached ; can scarcely swallow , throat sore internally ; face red and swollen ; eyes glassy and wild .
Kids like Tommie J . , made a ward of the court because of repeated beatings by an alcoholic father ; Alice , sent to a group home to get help because of severe behavior disorders ; and John H . , a recovering alcoholic , rebuilding a relationships with his family so they can live together again .
She can mail the records . 
Yeah , I can post it to her . 
Video messages can be recorded to the hard disk and forwarded via the Unix mail subsystem to parties who can not attend conferences . 
True , one can find different from , etc. , in an entry so headed , but for absolute constructions one is referred to an entry called `` Covered with onions , relish , and ketchup , I ate a hotdog at the ball-park . ''
Plucked straight from the brine , the flavour of the olives can be overpowered by the salt . 
Letting a wine ` breathe " is not just part of its mystique -- it allows oxygen to enter , which releases flavours and softens harsh edges , so you can appreciate its flavour . 
You can buy chews which are impregnated with appealing flavours , such as ham . 
If disturbed during hibernation , the peacock butterfly can make a hissing noise by rubbing its wings together . 
The noise of heavily amplified Hindi movie music can be heard until well after two or three in the morning . 
Sensitivity to oil fumes , coal smoke , paraffin fumes and other odours from heating systems can be tested for in the same way . 
Our time perception can be altered in other ways . 
Originally , she had sole claim to it but now everyone can buy this classic scent . 
Frustration is important in mathematics , for you can not really experience release , that beautiful sense of things falling into place , if you have not previously been confused , feeling that things were out of place . 
Low self-esteem can be exacerbated by a sense of being a square peg in a round hole . 
But it is still , at first sight , hard to understand how China can attract so much foreign investment without running a large current account deficit .
Charged up by the rhythms of the crowd , his newfound candor , and the sight of a dishy , dreadlocked young woman ( Halle Berry ) , Bulworth embarks on a hallucinatory odyssey that includes a stop at Kentucky Fried Chicken ; a fund-raiser at a mogul 's mansion , at which he lectures the appalled `` big Jews '' on their greed and the lousiness of their movies ; and a visit to the bowels of the inner city , where he placates gun-toting black juveniles by buying them ice cream and standing up to the white cops who stop to harass them .
` I do n't like to tell people , " she laughs , ` but I can recognise them by their smell . 
The sound of this newly created viola is a beautiful one , as you can hear almost throughout The Art of the Fugue , but above all in pieces such as the ` Canon alla Ottava " . 
Around eight o'clock the sound of distant brass bands can again be heard wafting in through the bedroom windows . 
I can still hear in my imagination the sounds of lambing in springtime , particularly from Blind Beck , just over to the north-east from us where the Lowsons farmed . 
In addition , all kinds of noises can be exploited -- clapping , breathing sounds , chest-beating , and so on . 
It is at this time that the characteristic tapping sound which gives the beetle its name can be heard . 
We can get an idea of how we hear sounds by considering what happens when one person speaks to another . 
` I never realised what a sour stink wet blankets can make . 
The `` culture of cruelty '' in junior high can make adolescents `` pathologically preoccupied '' with body image .
You can also imagine a horizontal line bisecting the design , so that in effect the picture can be divided into four quarters , all exactly the same . 
` We can divide the chores between us , " said Dr Maingay with enthusiasm .
The development of ballistic missiles and long - range artillery rockets within Iran can be divided into three broad chronological stages : Pre - revolution ( 1977 - 1979 ) ; Post - revolution and the war with Iraq ( 1980 - 1988 ) ; and Post War ( 1989 - Present ) .
Yet , as Choate 's account also shows , even wise men and their money can easily be parted by sharp consultants , who can pass through the green baize door knowing that their clients can not peep through the keyhole . 
A semantic constituent which can not be segmented into more elementary semantic constituents will be termed a minimal semantic constituent . 
The big six record companies are multinational , and thus can segment the world market into national ones . 
The pre- and postsynaptic membranes can be separated out from IMHV and studied in isolation by centrifugation , rather like the method I described in Chapter 3 . 
In the ordered regime , any cell type can only directly reach a few adjacent cell types and may , by a succession of perturbations , eventually dierentiate along branching developmental pathways to a larger number of cell types .
He can see them , all down the table , leaning forwards over their plates , then back in their chairs , an irregular series of nodding heads like a shop window full of sipping chicken toys .
The many-to-many mapping of the process can not occur , because the human thought process is sequential in nature ( one thought at a time ) , and only one idea at a time can be transferred .
If these points can be arranged satisfactorily then the sequential interview is by far the most streamlined and efficient way of allowing more than one person to be involved in selection .
The former consists of an index to the data and , as can be seen from Figure 5.8 , enables sequential processing through the data files .
Solid walls can be insulated by ` dry lining " with sheets of insulating plasterboard on the inside surfaces . 
Peter Gaskell placed a half sheet of exercise-book paper on the counter and said , ` Can I have the order , please ? 
Other herbs can be deep-frozen , either dry or in cubes of ice . 
Well , we can give a certain clear sense to saying that the hot coffee is able or has a power to dissolve the cube of sugar . 
Separation can be by road marking , but is more effective when done with trees or plant strips . 
Regular shrimpers use home-made nets , which can be two metres across , and are distinguished by a strip of wood that digs into the sand as you push . 
You can also use a circle of wire netting , shaped like a mound , to cover the top of the container . 
Different lengths of pipe can be chosen to suit varying lengths of cane . 
A relaxation of the ligaments in your spine combined with the effect of your changing shape on your posture can give rise to backache .
And to a former federal bomb investigator , that description suggests a powerful military-style plastic explosive C-4 that can be cut or molded into different shapes . 
A straight line can be defined as a curve of infinite or very large radius .
Desk Top Publishing can bring benefits to an organisation but only if the requirements are properly defined and there is an appreciation of what such systems can do and the learning curve involved .
Obviously the curve can face either to the left or the right , and after a little experimentation you will find which sort of curve is easiest for you to create .
From a front view the small birds can look almost circular and a circle drawn within a circle can quickly capture , for instance , a robin when seen head on .
Things like that can easily turn into thin-ended wedges .
Darius grabs a wedge , ices it with half an inch of butter , crams it in his mouth and washes it down with a can of Coke .
The egg shape is a clue to building in the sense of rhythm when drawing the small birds ; you can practise drawing ovals and thus build up bird shapes .
It is scooped shallowly out on the left of the esplanade , and forms an oval more than 200 yards long ; 20,000 people can be in it at any one time .
They can feed the hard , round ball which is the head , the softer round rump , and the firm back that tells them which direction the baby if facing .
I have also stressed that research is a powerful tool but like all sharp instruments can do harm as well as good if not properly used .
It 's amazing how fast you can dance when the bad cowboys shoot bullets at your boots .
You can use it to shoot heavy balls of metal from large guns .
The president of the United States , sitting in his command post , a Boeing 747 flying above America , can then order the crews to fire their missiles .
If your second shot hits you can fire again , and so on , up to a maximum of six shots .
The Tien Chi , first test - fired in 1997 , is a solid - fueled , two - stage missile with a 300 km range that can reach China 's southeastern coast .
On the 27th August , 1989 , British Satellite Broadcasting ( BSB ) launched their satellite from Cape Canaveral to join the Astra Satellite some 23,000 miles out in space .
And now almost every plane in the gathering U.S. air arsenal can launch them .
Just across the border is the huge Lo Wu City shopping mall , to which you can walk ; other shopping malls are nearby .
Here you can shop for bargain priced wines , leather goods and other souvenirs before returning to Innsbruck , the capital of the Tirol .
People coming to shop in the supermarket can then walk into town and patronize the smaller food shops , boutiques and speciality stores .
This brings together all your favourite WWF merchandise so you can select and shop at your leisure -and find plenty of Christmas gift ideas into the bargain .
Particularly in the USA , but also in the UK , we can see the signs of a movement developing around the belief in the value of critical thinking . 
Feeling sick is one of the earliest signs of pregnancy and can happen at any time of day , not just the morning . 
It is free of charge and can help to detect early signs of health problems and prevent them developing . 
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
To take a single indicative example that this might be so we can turn our attention to a star cluster named by the ancient Greeks the Pleiades , or Seven Sisters . 
Preliminary results indicate that an assessment instrument which links specific aims and the actions necessary to achieve them can help to overcome this problem . 
There can be no alternative now but to press for guaranteed and unrestricted verifications , backed up by tougher international penalties against violators and greater pressure on all nations to accede to the treaty .
It is also unclear whether the EC will be permitted to join the IWC , since the organization 's 1946 founding charter stipulates that only governments can accede .
The north-east of England and the lowlands of Scotland are also ethnically similar , if one can put it that way .
I can understand that London is something of a dream to you : I remember not dissimilar feelings myself when I came down in the Thirties .
But secondary or learned similarities can mediate generalization between otherwise quite dissimilar stimuli .
Friends who are very dissimilar may not give the same thing to each other , but what each gives can sometimes be even richer for this : it can make up for the other 's deficits .
The light , fragile voice which is n't that dissimilar to the one showcased on more acoustic numbers might suggest shyness , but you can never predict what she 's going to say next .
Judgment can be enforced in the High Court by not dissimilar methods to those in the county court .
In this respect , and prior to the experimental treatment , the two groups are as alike , in all relevant respects , as they can be .
There the issue was : Can there be other creatures who resemble men in appearance , but are not true men , not really " people like us " ?
It is the story of a violent , self-hypnotized novelist of the Ouida class : a writer as different from Elizabeth as one can imagine .
What makes this pattern of dots different to those that can be produced by a scanner and page printer is that they vary in size .
Consequently very different prices can be and are charged for the same or similar things .
Marilyn Sommers noted that different clinical settings can profoundly influence how screening and intervention is delivered .
These results indicate that molegos can provide a useful basis for identifying specificity determining regions in enzymes with similar active sites but different activity spectra [ 46 28 3 ] . Site directed mutagenesis based on these results can define the function of the unique elements of the APEs , and aid in the design of enzymes with altered specificity .
And to a former federal bomb investigator , that description suggests a powerful military-style plastic explosive C-4 that can be cut or molded into different shapes . 
The area patrol is different from the single patrol in that : 1- It has a vehicle equipped with a machine gun 2- It can use horses to canvass the area , but the patrol should be formed of 2 or 3 people at least
You can also take a ferry to Macau to find an entirely different kind of city , a unique blend of Chinese and Iberian culture .
Unlike nuclear or chemical weapons , biological weapons can be made with readily available materials or equipment .
Bearing in mind the resemblance of the feet to the body , all reflexes to the body can be found in the corresponding area on the feet .
References to Charles 's physical resemblance to his grandfather and namesake can be taken seriously .
Kids like Tommie J . , made a ward of the court because of repeated beatings by an alcoholic father ; Alice , sent to a group home to get help because of severe behavior disorders ; and John H . , a recovering alcoholic , rebuilding a relationships with his family so they can live together again .
All types of hair , even oily , can benefit from conditioner , but requirements differ depending on the extent of the damage .
But you can get an idea of what each gene does by comparing the bodies of two organisms known to differ with respect to a certain gene .
The observation that the period of the sleep/wake rhythm differs from 24 hours is important because it indicates that environmental cues can not have been responsible .
It can be an illuminating experience to find how your mental image of your size differs from the reality .
A significant difference in natural connected speech is the way that sounds belonging to one word can cause changes in sounds belonging to neighbouring words .
An examination of changes in personal staffing decisions in the Senate between 1986 and 1987 ( when control of that body changed party hands ) , moreover , reveals that the personal staffing differences noted in the table can not be attributed to the disproportionate control Democrats exercise , due to their majority-party status , over other resources such as committee staff .
Using a hand-lens , you can easily see the difference between the wild-type , with its black compound eyes , and the pearl eye beetles with their white eyes ringed with black .
For all the rejection of what was sometimes called ` woman garbage '' by American feminists , the issue of appearance is something that no woman can wholly avoid .
Please give the largest gift you can to Goodwill today .
You can try your luck at pari mutuel betting on jai-alai at pari mutuel , greyhound - racing at the Canidrome ( one of the largest in the world ) , and harness - racing on Taipa .
1 ) Voters can `` buy '' one of two brands when they select their political agents -- a Republican brand that believes in the minimalist state and in the virtues of private markets over the vices of public action , and a Democratic brand that believes in big government and in public intervention to remedy the excesses attendant to the pursuit of private interest .
Just across the border is the huge Lo Wu City shopping mall , to which you can walk ; other shopping malls are nearby .
Syria has a small nuclear program that can be described , at best , as `` elemental '' to a nuclear fuel cycle program .
You can take a tour of the port in one of the small sampans , propelled by hand by women drivers .
Some shrub types can be quite small compared to a mistreated overgrown bush type .
You can keep portions small enough to keep to your target weight .
Alan Rudge , BT 's technology director , encapsulated the scope of optical communications with the statistic that two strands of glass , tiny enough to pass through the eye of a needle , already can carry thousands of phone calls and hundreds of video channels .
We know that greenhouse effects can be enormous , however .
The Sun Temple of Konark was conceived as a gigantic chariot for the great sun- god Surya cantering inland from the Indian Ocean .
The great temple complex can only be entered by Hindus , but views of a huge gilded Nandi ( a bull five times life size ) and massive embossed silver doors can be had from just outside the front gate .
As another example , the indigenous people of the Arctic are , as far as I know , still commonly referred to in the United States as Eskimos ; but for some time now the PC term in Canada has been Inuit , a term which affords great scope for PC snobbery , as it can be fairly complicated ; the people are Inuit ; the language is Inuitituk ; and an individual is an Inuk .
Still , as the interval between my first note and his first note was so great , I do not know that any great fault , beyond that of carelessness , can be attributed to him .
Panoramic vistas open on to galaxies more immense than human minds can contemplate .
Given the importance of money as a means of storing wealth , these balances can be sizeable .
These pockets are so voluminous that you can get a whole lot in besides -- suntan lotion , midge repellent , etc .
If required , the facility to take a good sleep can be a great advantage over having to try to nap in your seat . 
If the temperature drops below 5°C , the hamster will hibernate and can be revived by placing on a thick towel wrapped around a hot-water bottle . 
My mum says he can kip on her sofa because she likes anyone with a Manc accent . 
for a night or two to have somewhere that they know they can at least kip on the floor . 
can always have a doze in your bed . 
Hibernation in the marmot , hamster and hedgehog depends on more complex physiological adaptations , and some can drop their basal metabolic rate to as low as one per cent of their most active level . 
The body may attempt to make up for sleep lost at night by naps in the day , which can sometimes disturb the body 's natural rhythm . 
You can have a nice little sleep in the car . 
Rye must be soaked in hot water to destroy an anti-growth hormone in the seed coat before it is given to livestock , but triticale kernels can be fed directly to livestock with no harmful side-effects . 
You can marinate the skinned and boned whole breasts in the marinade for the same time , or slice into think steaks and flatten them into very thin paillards . 
Once they 've , you 've got their clothing off they can probably stand in a shower , but remember to take their boots off or whatever or shoes of because if you do n't they 're going to stand in a , in a dilute solution of whatever it is that 's being absorbed by the skin .
Many primarily introverted people can deal with the outside world when required , just as many extroverts can deal with ideas when this is needed . 
People can be very shy about giving compliments . 
If you feel shy about breastfeeding in public , wear a loose jumper or shirt so you can push it up and tuck your baby underneath . 
But how you can expect people to become more sociable by just being , you know , shut behind closed walls , and and not having to actually , fend for themselves and cope with life outside prison walls . 
The former can easily be caricatured as humourless puritans who object to games which involve guessing the number of beans in a jar at the church fete . 
The celebration of each child 's birthday in school can involve other ideas than ` how old am I ? " which is explored in chapter 11 The Passage of Time . 
Just perfect for those summer picnics along the Thames , if you can afford it that is , the guide price is around £35,000 . 
Once in Bremen , you can experience one of the largest fairs in Northern Germany , and sample a marvellous mixture of beers wines and fabulous foods in a great party atmosphere . 
Alternatively , the odd antique chair can come reasonably cheap at auctions or antique fairs . 
You too can eat with the animals if you hold your reception at the Zoological Gardens in London 's Regents Park . 
The Walsingham Suite which can accommodate up to 90 guests , provides the setting for entertainment on the grand scale , which makes it ideal for banquets , wedding breakfasts , dinner dances and formal meetings . 
The Liverpool Festival of Comedy is launched with a bang tonight at St George 's Hall with an event involving comedians and can-can dancers . 
Festivals : Across the broad spectrum of festivals , five categories can be identified , Firstly the summer open air festivals . 
A festival of real ale is being held where you can taste the best of the beer made by the country 's small independent brewers . 
This familiar story about the wedding feast at Cana of Galilee points to the deeper reality there is to be found in Christ . 
A boy 's best friend is his dog , I retorted , but I ca n't see myself asking Jessie out on a date , can you ?
The self-confident leader can be insensitive and inconsiderate . 
Inconsiderate smoking can cause considerable offence to the majority of people who do not smoke . 
Ask kind neighbours or friends if they can mow the lawn if you are intending being away a couple of weeks or more . 
I can hate , just as other designers can do , but there is also the question of education ; to be mean to people who can not answer you back . 
If it is mean to be prudent how public money is spent , guilty again and finally if it is mean not to subside those who can quite stand on their own two feet I 'm quite happy to send myself down . 
But I remembered how cruel children can be to small animals , and I did not want the boy to take his revenge on me . 
` My conversation with him this evening made me realise that he can be quite devious , and also that he has a rather cruel sense of humour . 
No I will not be cruel , you can not be cruel with them . 
But the culture can be not only cruel but stupid . 
` All I can say is I hope you were n't too rude to that insurance investigator then , " Mark put in drily . 
` If you can excuse my very rude daughter , I 'll be grateful to you , " Edward said . 
Other girls and boys can be very unkind , as Doreen had found : " All the kids kept pointing fingers , talking behind my back , starting rumours and were generally very bitchy . " 
Second , you can not storm barricades that are manned by people so polite they even congratulate Brian Redhead on his ` magnificent handling of this debate " ( particularly as Brian hardly said anything ) . 
Whenever I see coloured people in Porteneil , buying souvenirs or stopping off for a snack , I hope that they will ask me something so that I can show how polite I am and prove that my reasoning is stronger than my more crass instincts , or training . 
Clare is one of the friendly voices on the end of the Felcourt telephone ; ` Rentokil , good morning how can I help you ? " 
She is friendly towards them , but they are not people she can count on . 
The report also found that the Church can appear unfriendly to outsiders , and needs to teach more about the basics of the Christian faith . 
John Bland , as amiable a sportsman as one would wish to meet , is naturally disturbed and disheartened by the increasing number of tournaments in which he , as a South African , can not compete . 
A more diplomatic approach can pay off . 
Just you get your horrible child seen to , Mrs Day , that 's the only advice I can give you . " 
He is a rude horrible selfish man , I quite see that , but I like him personally , if you can understand that . 
huh so either you or your husband can be warm but not both
The only person you can discuss work with is your direct commander ( Amir ) , unless you are asked to do otherwise or if your work demands participation of others , and then through guidance of the leadership .
The area patrol is different from the single patrol in that : 1- It has a vehicle equipped with a machine gun 2- It can use horses to canvass the area , but the patrol should be formed of 2 or 3 people at least
Another one of his tricks was to lurk behind the counter at the Turk 's Head so customers would think there was no one there , and then , when they were thinking of leaving or helping themselves to the jam doughnuts , he 'd leap on to a wooden box to bring his large dome head just above the level of the counter and say , ‘ Can I help you ? ’ in a very loud voice .
Or the virtual impossibility of finding a quiet place to study or even think , so that the children can cope in school and one day have a chance of achieving something better ?
` I 'm quite sure Dora can do without the services of an emissary , " she said coolly and his laughter echoed across the empty garden .
Chuckles of delight greeted his suggestion that ` as the Microsoft monopoly puts programmers out of business they can move to writing objectware for NeXT . " 
I can still hear the clatter of coins as they rained on the stage in a steady downpour of acclaim , a habit derived from the days of the gold rush . 
The louder it is , the more distant the object it can detect and the bats produce clicks which , if translated into frequencies that we can hear , would sound as loud as a pneumatic drill . 
Creaks and squeaks in plumbing pipes can be caused by hot water or central heating pipes expanding as they heat up . 
Remarkable how long a nasal drone and a cheap synth can sustain a man . 
And she finally ends by saying , ` All I can look forward to now is the toneless drone of the master 's voice and the pendulum swing of his leg over the desk . " 
He hardly speaks a word of English , and we can get nothing out of him but grunts . "
All over Europe the hum and resonance of its powerful engines can be heard . 
A new sound can be heard in hair salons around the country -- the once familiar hum of the hood dryer is making a comeback . 
Even the screeching rasp of a police hover forcing its slow way upstream can scarcely cut the din . 
Beejay always seems to spot the object in the hedge that he can not possibly pass without a protect , just as I hear the roar of a fast-moving car at our rear . 
Down below the roar of a sand creature can be heard . 
Prosperity is in the air ; the roar of the `` Celtic Tiger `` can clearly be heard .
Whether it 's to reward ourselves for an achievement , or to lift our spirits , many women find little can compete with the rustle of tissue paper and the thrill of slipping into a pristine new outfit . 
But the kangaroo rat can hear the faint rustles of the rattlesnake 's scales moving over the sand , and escape . 
His only sounds are occasional bass guffaws that rock the chair or whimpers of frustration when he is uncomfortable or can not communicate . 
To continue with Gregory 's example , his radio might emit a whine so high-pitched that it is undetectable to the human ear and can only be picked up by special test equipment . 
In the streets directly below the castle walls , you may well hear the sounds of craftsmen beating copper — from whom you can buy direct .
The evidence in this extract is conclusive , and it can therefore be definitively stated that Agatha Christie 's source for the character of Hercule Poirot was Speke , Parot .
This difficulty is compounded by the fact that much of the information can be directly traced back to just a handful of sources , none of which can be independently verified .
It must be noted that this latter source , cited by Anthony Cordesman , can not be independently corroborated , and firsthand data on Iranian BW agents is unavailable in open sources .
Most of these claims can not be verified in open sources .
This allegation was brought forth mostly by US government sources and can not be verified .
While countries may seek to develop all of these capabilities on an independent , indigenous basis , they can and often do seek some inputs from foreign sources .
A winner of her last two races , she was ridden confidently last time at Chester and cantered clear of nearest rival Anchorage to win by 12 lengths .
Pre-booked groups can visit both during and outside normal opening hours at discount prices .
You see , as a ` home-grown " fuel , British Coal can offer you a constant secure supply at competitive , predictable prices .
You can help to make the service more efficient by putting your refuse out at the front of your house .
What always annoys me is the display of sweets at the check-out right where the children can grab them . "
Is there anywhere around here where we can have a cup of coffee ? "
Well , you can not put Harry back where he came from .
` Oh , you can get quite substantial dishes here , " she said .
Can you buy marrowfat peas over here ?
From the upper windows you can see as far as Mellum Island -- we could get a sailboat if things go well and sail there in summer .
You can select Holmes destination by clicking on the target and Holmes will hastily travel there by cab ( the horse drawn type , of course ! )
Electronic valves gave way to transistors , and these have been replaced by the silicon chip , literally a thin slice of silicon , on which miniature electrical circuits can be created .
At the beginning of the second millennium b.c. , Jerusalem was a Canaanite mountain stronghold on a secondary trade route , far less important than biblical cities such as Hazor , Megiddo , Beth Shean , and Shechem .
The locality can not be fully protected without having patrols roaming on the outside area of the fence .
There are restaurants and a Starbuck's in the basement , and you can access the raised pedestrian crosswalk from the escalators on the ground floor .
From the ferry terminals on Hong Kong Island you can escape to islands without cars or cares , where the local people smile `` hello '' and , if you 're lucky , point you to a secret beach for the ultimate in quality leisure time .
Reduced to its simplest elements the owl 's form can be drawn as an ice-cream cone shape ; a large circle atop an inverted triangle .
Thus , the congruences tangent to both waves must begin to shear , and it can be seen from ( 6.23 ) that the components of the Weyl tensor <gap desc=formula> and <gap desc=formula> , and possibly <gap desc=formula> will necessarily appear .
And it is the healthy CV system that can cope easily with all the strains placed upon it by modern living .
The best place to survey Cairo is from the top of the Cairo Tower where one can survey the whole teeming , colourful metropolis built upon the foundations of the legendary city of Babylon .
In June he lectured " On Poetry " at Concord Academy , in which he repeated his claim that the poet can never be a successful man . 
If it is the Minister , he speaks again by leave of the House as no Member can address the House twice on the same motion without leave . 
A I J Brain reported in an address to the Royal Society of Medicine that work is currently underway on developing a laryngeal mask that incorporates a separate channel through which a nasogastric tube can easily be passed . 
In his address to more than 2,000 delegates , the King said that pluralism remained the only guarantee against dictatorship , adding that " there is not a single party that can claim to possess the truth " . 
( We can see how the new Aeschylean note that Nietzsche had been sounding since his lectures of 1870 was , like much else , in harmony with Wagner 's aspiration . ) 
How can all that knowledge be condensed into a fifty-minute lecture to students who know almost nothing about it ? 
Both Felix Candela and Santiago Calatrava gave lectures to capacity audiences during the exhibition . 
The Laboratoire de Conservation de la Pierre , now in its tenth year , has organised a series of lectures on how science can contribute to the restoration of works of art . 
, and is your argument that we find and hold against their retrospective because there is some , at least plausible basis should so argument , to say that there can be a causal connection between the retrospective extension and some benefit that can be traced to those particular works through the retrospective extension , like dissemination ?
Some amount of profiling may be necessary for UCS use in some countries , do we need to specify that globally or we can leave it to particular region to be solved as regional matter ?
'' We have seen that raising consumer awareness and concern among restaurants and retailers about a particular fishery can really make a difference . ''
Nobel-Prize-winning experimental work conducted by David Hubel and Torsten Wiesel in the late 1950s consolidated this notion with the discovery that individual neurons in the visual cortex can be characterized as simple line detectors , i.e. , that they are most active when a line of a particular orientation is found in a particular part of the visual world [ 4 ] .
This is because unlike traditional patient information tools ( such as a brochure or a video where only a limited amount of preoperative information can be provided ) , a Web site could be structured to address the particular questions an individual patient might have .
Thus , given a particular genetic background , treatment with an antagonist against CRH -R1 can mimic the genetic abolition of gene function .
Even though structure prediction methods need further development , it is possible to produce models where functional hypotheses can be tested in a rational manner ( for example , with mutagenesis experiments ) through detailed analysis [ 54 ] . Additionally , structure comparisons can be used to detect functional relationships that can not be detected by sequence information alone [ 52 ] , and micro-environment analyses that parse models for particular three-dimensional motifs [ 55 ] can be used to discern molecular function .
The distance between the first and fourth bump should be 100 meters , and the distance between the fourth and the sixth should be 50 meters , so cars can not travel fast in the direction of the building 5- Barbed Wires : They should be placed around the building , around the walls , or on top of the walls 6- Nails Obstacle : These are placed at the main gate in order to puncture the tires of any car crashing in
Paradoxically , therefore , slow motion can be used to give an impression of great speed , as in Chariots of Fire ( 1981 ) , where the big races are slowed down .
Despite breakneck advances in information technology , it can still be quite a fight to get hold of the precise data you need , when you need it .
Monuments to money ! Money and immortality ! Money and immortality and blistering heat ! Twenty-nine floors below diminished figures scuttle ! Descending twenty-nine floors rapid as a fibrillating heart you can join them ! You are choking in bus exhaust the blackest in the U.S.A. ! You are invisible amid the pedestrians of color ! On Commerce !
Find the reason why the pupil spelled the word that way , and there is a chance you can teach him not to .
Consonants in possible trisyllabic words -- for example , can the child pronounce the ` l " in ` elephant " or the ` m " in ` umbrella " ?
Thus , we can write w ( d ) = exp ( -? d ) with ? = 1 - ?/ ( L ?- L ) . The condition that the fraction of neutral mutants ?/ ( L ?- L ) is much larger than the total fraction of viable mutants among all possible sequences is crucial for the exponential decay of w ( d ) . Consider by contrast the Russian Roulette model by Gavrilets and Gravner [ 40 ] , in which all sequences are randomly assigned a fitness value of either 0 or 1. The total fraction p of viable sequences in this model is equal to the expected fraction of neutral mutants of any sequence with fitness 1 , and w ( d ) ? p for d MYGT 0 in this model .
and they have reading to write which is uh they can write stories and and learn to write on computers so at least uh the school district that we 're in has you know computers that they begin on and i really feel like
An advanced weapons program would require the capability to manufacture tritium , a radioactive gas that can be used to enhance the explosive power of nuclear weapons , for fabrication of boosted - yield weapons .
Modern production methods now mean the 600 can be produced on the same line as the 800 .
The present generation of particle accelerators can collide particles at energies of about one hundred GeV , and machines are planned that would raise this to a few thousand GeV .
Daily New York Times critic Michiko Kakutani says the book `` is not a sleazy tell-all memoir '' and is a `` leap forward in maturity and emotional candor . ''
As a result , the genes for cannibalism would remain in the population .
These facilities and Iran 's overall program are currently undergoing close scrutiny by the international community and will likely remain so until controversy over the facilities ' purpose and capability can be resolved .
The South African experience demonstrates that at least under some conditions , unilateral disarmament is not only possible , but can improve a nation 's security .
He added wryly , ` As you can see , not a very successful one . 
Leitenberg , who has worked on arms control and chemical and biological weapons issues for 40 years , told UPI that `` a best case scenario '' might kill most of the inhabitants of a subway car , but added `` every calculation ( one can make about casualties ) relies on a whole series of assumptions . ''
`` You can have a dozen competitors stealing your secrets at the same time , '' Mr . Matchett said , adding : `` It 's a pretty good bet they wo n't get caught .''
I may add that he is enormously rich , and whatever his whims may be he can very easily satisfy them .
At the Temple 's dedication , Solomon addressed his God : `` ... the Heavens , even the Heaven of the Heavens , can not contain Thee ; how much less this House that I have built ? ''
At Goodwill , it is the hard work of staff and those who benefit from our services that produces the kind of inspiring results I see every day : A Goodwill staff member addresses a group of welfare recipients : `` You can earn the money to support yourself and your family , '' she says .
Addressing a meeting at a neighborhood center , a Goodwill staff member tells the audience how Goodwill can help them find and keep jobs .
The intent can best be proved by an admission from the accused or what he said to the female to whom he exposed himself. 
Mr Maclean's reliability as a bank manager can be judged from his admission that he was not very good at mathematics , hence the mistakes in calculating interest on Mr Singh's alleged account. 
Can you imagine the damage she could do if she repeated her allegations around the town ? " 
This allegation was brought forth mostly by US government sources and can not be verified .
Although US and Israeli intelligence agencies continue to insist Iran maintains a stockpile of chemical weapons , no challenge inspections of Iranian facilities have been requested , and none of the allegations made regarding the stockpiling of CW can be verified in the unclassified domain .
` I can handle it , " asserted Tiptoe with characteristic modesty . 
One of Wolfe 's targets is the critic Greenberg , about whom an apologist has gravely asserted : ` The significance of Clement Greenberg can not be overestimated . 
At the outset , it can be asserted the Young Conservatives we studied in no way constituted an ideological group like the Young Socialists . 
If blanket assertions regarding business methods can be broken down into categories then a claim of confidence may succeed . 
Leapor makes general assertions about marriage in this poem partly because she can not make further particular observations without offending Octavia . 
Given the prior interest in orthogenesis , the assertion by Gail Vines that ` molecular drive " is a new mode of evolution can not be accepted unqualified . 
Van Laue 's assertions about the inevitability of a Bolshevik revolution can in part be supported by the revolutionary theories of the Bolsheviks themselves . 
In addition , tonics from plants can be used preventively by healthy people , as our grandparents may attest . 
In such a case where the true facts can only be known by the defence the prosecution could aver that the driver was unlicensed . 
` He has avowed only that I can . 
I would caution care in buying though , and can not stress this strongly enough . 
What is more contentious is the claim that Candida overgrowth in the gut can affect other parts of the body, where there is no actual infection . 
Indeed, the divergent people or region can not be `recognised " in international law except through making bizzare claims to be a `nation state " . 
We can only maintain a healthy scepticism of any claims to place public welfare above private interest . 
Many above ground filters make outrageous claims about the size of pond they can treat . 
We do have to be a little careful now of the evidence which Mead cited in support of her claim that both gender and adolescence are so culturally varied that they simply can not be biologically determined . 
Finally Catherine's claims to be a genuine enlightened despot can be impugned, like those of Frederick II, on the grounds that she was merely carrying on policies inherited from her predecessors. 
Most of these claims can not be verified in open sources .
Officials also claim that Iran has produced bombs and artillery rounds filled with these agents , and that it can probably deploy chemical warheads on its long - range missiles .
Furthermore , it is claimed that their production can be hidden within commercial chemical plants .
Once the child has calmed down the parent can make a brief comment about it all being over now and then continue as if the tantrum had not occurred . 
` They can set as many deadlines as they like and there is nothing we can do about it , " commented Barnet company secretary Stanley Beller . 
The concession that the proposed Independent Television Commission can reject the highest bid in ` exceptional circumstances " is seen as a recipe for protracted court challenges . 
For example , the employees who reject their manager 's ultimatum and vote for industrial action have withdrawn their concession that the manager can control their behaviour . 
How many more died before ever reaching hospital can only be conjectured . 
We can conjecture that some of the slaves had bought themselves to serfdom ; that penury had compelled the free to sell their freedom for bread . 
We can conjecture immense social strife , as the ` haves " battle with the ` have-nots " . 
Nor can it be contended that this harsh judgement on Socrates was in any way typical of Athenian democracy 's attitudes towards its critics or even its enemies . 
Ruth Finnegan , in a recent article that challenges many of Goody 's contentions regarding literacy , expands the area of the world to which this comment can be applied : 
It is his contention rather that there can be no proofs for God 's existence which are acceptable to human reason since God is beyond reason . 
This argument is analogous to , though not identical with , Rousseau 's contention that sovereignty belongs to the people and can not be transferred by them to any other body or person . 
Marx 's central contention is that the capitalist economy sows the seeds of its own destruction , that it can not help creating the forces that will destroy it as a product of its own internal contradictions . 
John Major 's declaration that the Princess of Wales can still be queen despite the failure of her marriage proved Diana 's ability to manoeuvre the Royal Family to suit herself . 
My dad gave him the sort of look that only someone declared clinically dead can manage . 
The regime declares itself to be the only true guardian of socialism , but can offer no answer to what is happening elsewhere except to denounce foreign interference and to assert that communism must inevitably triumph . 
Bell opted out of the tour , but declared himself available for internationals , and can expect extra attention on Sunday from the Kiwi centres . 
The Region Commander has declared that we can shoot down aircraft that do not respond to our direction .
Belief in God can be eroded from two opposite directions -- from the effort to prove God 's existence on the one hand , and from the denial of any evidence for God 's existence on the other . 
Do n't imagine you can flatter me by telling me I 'm not really a feminist , because I am , and I find your denials extremely insulting . " 
` I can recognise the warning signs straight away -- I start to tremble and go into a cold sweat , " explains Philippa . 
You have explained to me over and over how this thing can be possible . 
If you explain your personal requirements they claim they can meet them . 
The next day the headlines gloated with the kind of effusive unction that only the English press can muster . 
Although US and Israeli intelligence agencies continue to insist Iran maintains a stockpile of chemical weapons , no challenge inspections of Iranian facilities have been requested , and none of the allegations made regarding the stockpiling of CW can be verified in the unclassified domain .
But he insisted the international community can do a much better job in helping Iraq deal with its economic and health problems .
Significantly , after the mention that his faith had been counted by God as righteousness , Abraham 's first recorded words were ` O Lord God , how can I be sure ? " 
The Staffordshire Blithe , whose lower reaches escaped the axe and are therefore witness to how exquisite a properly managed river can be , was picked out for special mention in the Journal of Agriculture for 1927 . 
Despite there being no mention on the sleevenotes , it 's the kind of album on which one can sense the contribution of MTV and American radio programmers retained as ` production consultants " . 
The most common serial port format is RS232 and , already , the sighs and groans can be heard as its mere mention can bring apoplexy to even the most experienced engineer . 
For there is no mention of how capitalism or the consumer can play their proper roles in determining the future of genetic engineering . 
Returning nurses can feel threatened by the mention of ` research based care " or ` experiential learning " . 
The problem of induction can not be regarded as a decisive refutation because , as I have previously mentioned , most other philosophies of science suffer from a similar difficulty . 
Michel Montignac preaches that you can eat fabulously well while losing weight . 
But if everything is political , as is often proclaimed , then nothing is ; one can invoke Saussure in the assertion that meaning is a matter of differentiation . 
They can be of great service in transmitting the Faith , even though they can never replace the personal witness which is essential to the proclamation of the full truth and value of the Christian message . 
In this context , the linguist 's proclamation of the functional equality of all varieties can be of little help . 
The new Conservative government can not profess terrible shock at discovering the truth , blame the last tenants and administer some swift , foul-tasting medicine like devaluation . 
This remains a pertinent warning for all who profess religious faith , or who argue that religious commitment by itself can save the world . 
The relevant algorithms can be learnt by operant conditioning , as proposed by the behaviourists . 
The moral of this simple reflection is that fundamental propositions of science can be and often are causal , despite generality and mathematical form . 
We may arrive , therefore , at the second proposition of this book : PALAEONTOLOGISTS CAN NOT LIVE BY UNIFORMITARIANISM ALONE . 
The more that de Man can encourage the illusion of unmediated congress between reader and text , the less obliged he is to formulate potentially alienating propositions of his own . 
The main idea here is that existential propositions can be paraphrased in terms of propositions about knowledge . 
Can I , at this point , reiterate how important it is to have this type of insurance cover if you are taking private classes . 
No attempt can be made in a work of this scope to relate the full story of how nineteenth century attitudes to death evolved during the present century into those now prevailing . 
We related to her how everything happened ; she exulted and gloried and was now blessing you ( O God ) who are able to do above what we can ask or conceive , because she recognized that with regard to me you have given her so much more than she used to beg for when she wept so pitifully before you . 
The media have a right to publish defamatory remarks at the risk of paying heavy damages if they can not subsequently be justified . 
I can only attribute Dawn 's remarks to her excessive loyalty . 
` Which is more than you can say for Bella , " remarked Cassie cattily . 
Existential propositions can be treated simply as metalinguistic reports concerning syntactical properties of certain " object-language " expressions . 
Managers can obtain progress reports on any project at any level of detail at any time . 
Thus the first important government report on depressed areas in the early 1930s concluded that such areas ` can only escape from the vicious cycle , where depression created unemployment and unemployment intensified depression by means of some positive external assistance " . 
A series of positive reports regarding homework tasks can set the tone of the group to follow . 
US officials report that Iran can produce several hundred tons of chemical agent annually and that it may have already produced as much as 2,000 tons of agent , including mustard , cyanide , and possibly sarin nerve agent , at plants near Qazvin , Parchin , and Esfahan .
` We should all go our separate ways as soon as we can , " Rufus had said . 
` But who can say what will happen between now and then ? 
When the attack occurred , 25 days before the election , candidate Bush had said to CNN , `` I hope that we can gather enough intelligence to figure out who did the act and take the necessary action .
, a parasite of arthropods , show the selection pressure that intracellular passengers can exert ( see also the primer by Wernegreen in the March issue of PLoS Biology ) . And cellfusion experiments hint that biparental inheritance of organelles does indeed cause problems , says Hurst .
No one can say .
Hamyan Vahdati , who is said to be heading Iran 's nuclear program , says that no country can be taken seriously without a nuclear research program , and that Iran wants to have the technology and knowledge to make nuclear weapons in case it needs them ( 7284 ) .
Any secret can be pirated , the experts said , if it is transmitted over the air .
`` You can have a dozen competitors stealing your secrets at the same time , '' Mr . Matchett said , adding : `` It 's a pretty good bet they wo n't get caught .''
At Monterrey , publisher Luis Gabriel Cano , although shaken by the murders , issued a statement saying : `` We will not cease our fight against drug trafficking .
I mean , what can i say ?
At Goodwill , it is the hard work of staff and those who benefit from our services that produces the kind of inspiring results I see every day : A Goodwill staff member addresses a group of welfare recipients : `` You can earn the money to support yourself and your family , '' she says .
We can now prove a result which is often stated and proved in a rather casual manner . 
My aims for Britain in the community can be simply stated . 
The value of counselling is that it allows you to state your points of view to each other , before a trained and unbiased third party who can help you to resolve the issues that bother you . 
Each variation , or change , can occur only once , the rules state .
We need additional confidence that China 's statements and actions will be sufficient for us to defend a certification of that kind ... we want to be sure that we 've done all we can to obtain the maximum level of cooperation from China on this subject. [ US Department of State , Daily Press Briefing , 14 October 1997 . ]
At Monterrey , publisher Luis Gabriel Cano , although shaken by the murders , issued a statement saying : `` We will not cease our fight against drug trafficking .
We can 't arrest without her evidence , that is clear , so the sooner we get a statement the better . "
At the heart of Awakenings is a journey into the unknown , a journey which it suggests can only be undertaken with faith , understanding and dedication to humanity in all its ravaged , tormented wonder . 
It has been suggested that learner errors can be seen as evidence of learner achievement . 
This can be raised to a higher level by suggesting that personal disputes be settled informally and those between state and citizen formally . 
Dr _Gupto : On the other hand to be able to outline and do the thing that were talked about today to basically completely revamp the public health system so that local officials can talk to state officials that can talk to federal officials to be able to pinpoint exactly when a cluster of bird flu happens that takes probably a lot more money and a and a really a complete revamping of our public health systems .
Dr _Gupto : The other thing Paula really important is that they talk a lot about the fact that our- we 're a lot better at taking care of patients now than we were in nineteen eighteen , we have a lot of ICUs a lot of ICUs in the hospital behind me that can take care of critically ill patients .
` It was a masterpiece of harmony , " wrote Littman , ` which can be attained when men see to it that their handiwork blends with their natural surroundings . 
Aristotle wrote that the function of anything is what it alone can do or does best . 
'' I mean by a picture , '' he wrote , `` a beautiful romantic dream of something that never was , never will be -- in a light better than any light that ever shone -- in a land no one can define , or remember , only desire . ''
'' How can we proclaim as the goal of American foreign policy the ' expansion of democracy , ' `` Buchanan wrote , `` when democracy is being ditched in D.C. ? ''
Andersons 's insistence that the notion of social class must be defined in structural terms can be traced to an over-riding commitment to holism . 
I can accept their fears , but I think they should listen to the explanation from the professionals before they start jumping to conclusions . " 
A simple explanation to the child about how mummy is not going to give in to tempers can help the child learn more quickly . 
By developing an organization with clear accountabilities , he can provide clear explanations to his people about decisions made from " on high " . 
Despite much research we can not even today offer a convincing explanation . 
I can also confirm to my hon. Friend that we have made no plans for a super increase in VAT , as the Opposition have apparently considered .
Can my hon. Friend confirm that it is the Government 's intention to continue to reduce taxes and deregulate , both of which will help small businesses ?
If this can be confirmed , it would be an invaluable adjunct to provenance studies .
Less readily acknowledged are the social and emotional problems that ageing can bring .
Without these he acknowledges quite candidly that the system can not survive .
As has been noted before , pictures can break up the text , provide ` landmarks " for the struggling reader , and help in making mental pictures .
As we noted above , some technical expertise is essential to an understanding of what different delivery platforms can or can not do .
It suffices to note here that the more heavily firms discount the future the less likely is it that collusion among them can be sustained .
These things can not but terrify when they press nearly upon us , yet when distanced and modified they can become delightful to us . 
Lying awake in the small hours , after falling asleep quickly , can become another maddening habit . 
Six months or so of this produced not only a degree of understandable tedium -even the most terrifying things can become boring if lived with long enough -- but what I would call an inverse effect . 
The more daring can try out the terrifying roller-coaster rides .
Hearing loss can cause painful misunderstandings and can be extremely exasperating ; tempers may become frayed , and stressful tension may be allowed to mount . 
Comparison of illustrations of the same picture in several publications will demonstrate this truism , while the best test of looking at a reproduction in front of the picture itself can be a disheartening experience . 
Reading climbing magazines can be disheartening -- almost a disincentive to going climbing , in fact ! 
They can not win , for the aim of the stressed work-force is to avoid having to embrace the discomfiting uncertainty by construing itself as victimized and manipulated . 
I can think of more upsetting things in life . " 
If you know you can not deal with an upsetting confrontation , try to put it off for a short while until you feel calmer . 
Another upsetting aspect of caring , for some offspring , is the realisation that this task can wave no magic wand which will make a bad relationship better . 
Sometimes this can be very unsettling . 
The newcomers will be hoping that the unsettling bid talk will die down so they can set about the more urgent tasks that lie ahead . 
But for those with a relatively static model of the universe and more or less fixed expectations , the discrepancies are deeply troubling if they can not be ignored or resolved by supplementary perceptual categories . 
Those of you looking for adventure can shoot the rapids , Indiana Jones style , on the thrilling Congo River Rapids . 
Theatres and concert halls can be beautiful and stirring places , quite apart from what goes on in them . 
Sport ; , I will argue , can have a most stimulating , uplifting impact on the participant and instil in him a fresh thirst for achievement in sporting and other circles . 
Always remember that too much of any essence can be over stimulating , or in the opposite extreme , stupefying -- so please use the oils in the correct concentrations ( see page 48 ) . 
As well as a mid-day meal , stimulating activities are arranged ; and these , plus the company , can make an enjoyable break for the cared for as well as the carer . 
It is still operational , and to see a ship gliding through fields and woodlands between steep mountain slopes can be quite startling . 
MY SON has a very good memory for songs and snatches gathered in passing from radio and television , and can reconstitute these with sometimes startling accuracy . 
With some methods a particular species will appear totally devoid of a particular capacity yet , with others , a startling level of ability can be revealed . 
` I can see you did n't approve , sir , " he said in a soothing voice . 
I 'm not asking for a few soothing words to calm my conscience ; if I can , I want to help . 
We oldies can find digging soothing and satisfying , even enjoyable -- particularly if we take it in small doses and choose good weather and soil conditions . 
The full , torrid , sickening truth behind the astonishing saga that will rock the country to its very foundations , can now be revealed . 
Can the perplexing unreliability of animal behaviour be taken as evidence for something more ( or perhaps less ) than machinery making decisions ? 
Within families the complexity and inter-relatedness of expectation and need can appear to be a perplexing and entirely confusing maze . 
This does not mean they should be complex -- indeed complexity can be perplexing and therefore counterproductive . 
While this can be challenging , it can also be infuriating . 
The effect of this can be quite shocking , because the body 's reaction is to start breaking down fat stores and tissue in order to produce energy . 
When researchers look at schooling from the point of view of girls , it is perhaps not surprising that writers as diverse as Alison Kelly and Valerie Walkerdine can come up with very similar findings . 
When you eventually get on to any committee it is surprising how quickly the esteem in which you are held grows when you can conduct yourself with confidence in the meetings . 
Focused effort and determination can yield a surprising amount of information but the motivation has to he high . 
As long as you consult the professionals , a surprising number of walls can be taken down with ease and the resulting increase in light and space is clearly amazing . 
Surprising data from the machines can still clash with big egos that want to trust to old-fashioned hunches . 
Because everything that 's in our lives and is displeasing to God can surely be put into the chair of judgement , ad the power turn on and they 're gone .
This type of colour dot-matrix printer is based upon proven and reliable technology ; however , the ink on the ribbon can fade if a large map is printed and the result is rather displeasing .
There are several other winter flowers , such as snowdrops and similar bulbs , that can also be pressed with pleasing results , so you might consider keeping a particular area of your garden solely for winter pressing . 
As well as fonts you can use borders around a range and can shade a range and can therefore achieve pleasing results . 
Probably the most pleasing aspect is the number of families now taking an active part in the rally scene , as this can only bode well for the future of metal detecting in this country . 
We will do all we can to make sure you have a most pleasant and enjoyable stay . 
The surrounding countryside is quite lovely and you can take a pleasant amble along the river or a more challenging hike along the South Downs Way , which passes nearby . 
These pleasant , but expensive , outings can lay the foundation for your own explorations aboard the cheap but usually comfortable ferries used by the islanders themselves .
Most of the unpleasant gases from incinerators can now be scrubbed from their smoke . 
And radiation , like many of the drug treatments used for cancer , can cause side-effects that are almost as unpleasant as the disease itself . 
Over-crowding can create unpleasant pressures and more bad feeling within the shared household than anything else . 
Some fears can begin by seeing unpleasant things happen to others , or may be copied from other people , such as our parents . 
It can even make us cutting and unpleasant in our personalities , as a way of putting others down . 
Sad , is n't it , when a human being can only feel good about themselves by being unpleasant to other people ? 
Sniffing is also a cheap and easy substitute for alcohol and can be a pleasurable experience . 
Of course , companionable silence can be one of the more pleasurable experiences of intimacy , but that kind of silence has a very different look to it . 
Try it after a relaxing bath or shower when you can indulge in a little pampering with aromatic oils and lotions to make the whole experience more enjoyable . 
` I think it is a great way to give something back to the donors because they can have a thoroughly enjoyable evening 's entertainment while raising money for good causes . " 
A few successful trips to restaurants will not only be enjoyable for the patient , but they will boost his confidence and help him to realize that he can take part in normal social life . 
In any case , I can tell you that being a successful actress is not easy and I am beginning to think that Matty 's dreams are more enjoyable than the reality . 
And exercise is not just a matter of jogging or sport — it can mean other enjoyable activities like dancing , swimming and walking . 
The enthusiasm of staff and students in places like McMaster confirms that techniques like problem based and self directed learning can make medical education an enjoyable experience without loss of quality in the end product . 
The ` Shakespeare and Schools " project , at the Cambridge Institute of Education , has shown that secondary pupils of a wide range of abilities can find Shakespeare accessible , meaningful and enjoyable . 
Having an attack of Cystitis for the first time can seem rather frightening , but do remember that it is not usually a serious threat to health . 
It can be awesome , and frightening . 
The first frightening experience of a panic attack , coming ` out of the blue " can , very often , also be their worst experience . 
One can claim compensation for the dismaying experience of a spoilt holiday : it is strange that the same principle does not apply to the breaking of obligations under employment contracts . 
While he can usually be relied upon to offend whichever sacred cows the liberal consensus happens to be grazing , the satirical armoury has shown dismaying signs of fatigue . 
This is an area of the body quite often neglected in remedial massage therapy , yet a good face and scalp massage can be one of the most uplifting experiences of all time . 
The whiff of a field of flowers can be uplifting and invigorating ; catching the smell of a cigarette or cigar can make you feel stuffy and uncomfortable . 
Lifting and pouring cumbersome oil barrels can be an irksome task , but there are now several options to make the job easier . 
While the further delay is irksome , the company is still selling all the 80486 parts it can make , and that part and the 80386 each suffered comparable difficulties on their way to the market . 
As far as I can see , he has no irksome signs of too much self-assurance . 
Saturated hydrocarbons can burn to aldehydes , alcohols to organic acids , and aromatics to unsaturated compounds which are pungent and irritating . 
But this can be irritating , and the opposite of relaxing , if you are trying to keep track of the sequence yourself . 
It must be irritating for ministers , used to almost unbridled power at Westminster , to be faced by hostile local bodies who can also claim to have a democratic mandate . 
Flux can be mildly irritating so avoid getting it into cuts or grazes . 
Central heating pipes expand as they heat up and contract as they cool down , and this can cause irritating ticking or creaking noises . 
They , like us , get the occasional irritating itch , and of necessity can not scratch it discretely ! 
Where the door remains shut , this kind of openness to God in worship can remain incomprehensible and even irritating . 
Furthermore , the young lady will learn the more vexatious lesson that she can forfeit her entitlements , in circumstances of which others will say were well deserved . 
Equally worrying is the fact that deaf people are effectively disenfranchised because they can neither get access to nor take part in the political debate . 
Some annoying habits , like jumping up , can be reversed . 
These work fine expect for one annoying problem which I can not seem to eliminate . 
Dental treatment is free during pregnancy because teeth can be troublesome . 
An adult male dog brought into a new household can prove troublesome by cocking its leg around the furniture . 
It can be cut to the size you require -- careful though : cutting it just a little too small may still allow that troublesome fish to wriggle through . 
Without glamour , diversity , wit and experiment , disco can deteriorate into the most boring music of all time . 
I can think of very little more boring than lying on the floor and doing sit-ups and leg lifts every morning . 
And I find it somehow very encouraging that television can present us with real people instead of the usual cyphers and still strike such deep and resonant chords in so many . 
Modern drugs , developed to mitigate some of the more distressing symptoms , can often effect a change of attitude to the extremely hopeful and positive , as was the case with Nigel . 
` Not all care assistants feel very comfortable leading a group and some reminiscence groups can be very distressing . 
On the other hand , a positive test result can be very distressing , and many people have found it difficult to cope with . 
It is very distressing to find out at a later date that you have made a mistake which can cost you dearly . 
Acknowledging and respecting the religious observances and convictions of others can help to overcome otherwise distressing or depressing experiences and often succeeds where conventional medical and nursing measures fail . 
The more that de Man can encourage the illusion of unmediated congress between reader and text , the less obliged he is to formulate potentially alienating propositions of his own . 
This extremely loose phrase means that trying to quieten a noisy factory can be a long , complicated and very tiresome business . 
` She is n't boring , but she can be awfully tiresome . 
I can see it might be tiresome for you . 
So we must warn that percussion can easily be overworked and become tiresome . 
The really astonishing thing is how fiction and reality can blur . 
Singleton has an astonishing three year deal with Columbia that gives him the freedom to make as many films as he can in that time . 
Nylon should be avoided as this material provides little water resistance and can cause the most appalling injuries in the case of fire . 
Although car dealer Cannan has always denied any involvement in Suzy 's disappearance , several detectives still consider him the chief suspect in the baffling case . 
It must have been the most bewildering social change since the Enclosures , and yet I can find no reference to it in the village School Log . 
Selecting items for your wedding list and first home together can be a bewildering experience with so much to choose from and so little time . 
To the beginner , the proliferation of academic criticism in particular can present a bewildering and rather daunting picture of competing schools of thought . 
Said to be a very calming stone when held in the hand , it can also help to regularise the menstrual cycle if you suffer from erratic periods . 
The aches and pains of pregnancy can be soothed by a relaxing massage . 
THREE of Oscar Wilde 's most charming fairy tales can be seen today ( Friday ) at Farnham Maltings in Wilde Tales , a dramatic adaptation by Show of Hands theatre company . 
A little further along the coast , you can visit the charming fishing villages of Robin Hood 's Bay , Runswick Bay and Skinningrove . 
As well as being one of the finest and most comprehensive sets of autochromes in existence , these charming images also offer a dimension which few other travel photographs of the period can offer . 
These kinds of variations can seem very confusing , which is why I advocate taking the job slowly , one section at a time . 
This is a confusing area , and in mist and rain , navigation can often be awkward as you slip and slide your way across the greasy limestone . 
In my experience ( and in that of many others ) the first few lessons can be quite confusing . 
Finding your way around life in contemporary Britain can be a confusing experience . 
And can they -- by clever use of wing vibration or other sounds and squeaks , jam the bats ' radar by emission of confusing signals ? 
I find it so depressing the way sane , reasonably intelligent women do n't feel they can go round the corner to get a pint of milk without their mascara . 
These can all have a depressing effect on local industry . 
I can offer little in the way of explanation for our disappointing display , although the failure of goalkeeper John Slack to turn up severely crippled the team . 
As mentioned earlier , scales can sometimes show disappointing results because of fluid fluctuations within the body . 
But this does not diminish with distance and can be optically disconcerting if long lines are involved . 
There are also a disconcerting number of rustlings and clickings , perhaps because the recording is so close you can almost hear the stardust settling . 
This can be disconcerting for clients who want to know how many spots they are getting . 
Communication is so complex an interaction of mind , language , and the physical world that it can be disconcerting to try to deal with it all at once . 
Sometimes , these pictures can be quite discouraging and it seems that there 's no way that we be anything like these men and women . 
As old age advances this can become a very disturbing experience and even where the medical problem is not grave the hospitalization itself can accelerate confusion and frailty among old people . 
Indeed , at this level they have the disturbing effect of implying that a whole range of tasks can be undertaken concurrently . 
This obsession -- and one can , I think , rightly call it that -- involved me in probably the most embarrassing event of my professional life . 
Mishearing can cause misunderstandings which may be embarrassing or even funny but certainly not reassuring . 
Sometimes it can be slightly embarrassing to be successful at something , and if you are beginning to turn the occasional head now that you are slimmer you may come in for some negative comments from your rivals . 
Gardens are enchanting at night but you can only see the one little bit near you . 
Can I give them a more entertaining life indoors to stop them from going out so much ? 
One's admiration for the brilliance of Fussell 's writing can not suppress doubts about the partiality of the picture he is drawing , with all its entertaining anecdotes and quotes . 
When you are laying out a new workshop you can play a particularly entertaining board game . 
With good advice I am sure you can use your communication skills to get the message across in an influential and entertaining way 
On the other hand , intelligently entertaining and communicative works provide a background from which works of genius can emerge . 
And when the language of Shakespeare lives in the mouth and bloodstream of an actor , as it does with Richardson , it 's the most sensual , exciting experience you can have in theatre . 
Making it work with people from different backgrounds and different cultures can be exciting and life-enhancing . 
All the same , Minsmere in spring , the Gwenffrwd in summer , Titchwell in autumn , Elmly in winter are full of beautiful and exciting birds and you can be sure of a superb day out . 
Just because the technology offers exciting possibilities , we can not assume that they will be realised . 
In this way a long-running scheme can be kept active and exciting for participants . 
If you do , bidding can be very exhilarating , and on no account should you bid more than your pre-determined limit . 
Getting out in the open air on a bike can be an exhilarating experience . 
It can be the world 's most exhilarating sport , but it can also be the most cruel . " 
Freewheeling down this long , windy road can be especially exhilarating because emergency action is often needed to dodge the tractors that chug around the hedge-blind corners . 
Your solicitor or estate agent could also be asked to carry out bidding on your behalf as an Auction saleroom can be a tense and nerve-racking place to the unfamiliar . 
The French island where Napoleon was born can satisfy even the most thrill with nerve-racking clifftop drives , a bone-shuddering single-track railroad ride and an exhilarating helicopter flight . 
Such presentations can be nerve-wracking occasions . 
Among the discoveries made in psychoneuroimmunology is that stressful events can make the immune cells far less responsive to infection . 
The emptiness can be devastating and very stressful . 
As a result , life in such temporary accommodation can be extremely stressful and can serve to add markedly to the stresses which gave rise to homelessness in the first place . 
A stressful lifestyle can lead to irritated scalp conditions such as dandruff . 
Nor can they reason in such a way as to make their contribution relevant to the volatile , hurried and stressful conditions of commercial and industrial life . 
Hearing loss often increases the circumstances which can cause stressful tension . 
Hearing loss can cause painful misunderstandings and can be extremely exasperating ; tempers may become frayed , and stressful tension may be allowed to mount . 
Evening and weekend study , writing reports and taking exams can all prove quite stressful . 
He can turn his head away from the screams , the pleas , the heart-rending shouts that split the night air -- suffering human beings screeching their injustice at the outside world . 
SINGLE WHITE FEMALE Films entirely devoted to murderous women are not exactly common but , when anyone does take the risk , the results can be rewarding , as Barbet Schroeder 's white-knuckle thriller proves . 
As many of the British visitors are in school parties , they can be sure of a warm and rousing welcome . 
The mirror , especially a full length one , can provide plenty of fun when children pull funny faces or make different shapes . 
Resorts that are glorious in mid-summer can be bleak and damp in winter as well as pretty dull when the tourist season is over . 
Other people need to be excited by new approaches and this can not be achieved by a dull and formal memorandum . 
Similarly , it may be intriguing to learn that on-line columns of silica-immobilised algal cells can eliminate problems such as overlapping peaks in anodic stripping voltammetry of trace metals . 
A practitioner 's assessment of other artists ' work , often in the light of making similar attempts , can make intriguing reading . 
At the Acorn Bank Garden , owned by the National Trust , you can see a fascinating collection of medicinal and cooking herbs . 
The discharge can be yellow , green , thick , offensive . 
It also became a very tedious place , since you can scarcely blow your nose there without going through a security check . 
Life is going to be very tedious this year , I can see . 
Endlessly driving in screws can be tedious . 
At least both of those incidents had humour -- life can get pretty tedious when it 's missing and it was very definitely absent the night Richard Gere was a guest . 
You can not expect a reference book to be quite as gripping as an adventure novel , but all the same I read it cover to cover . 
Even so , with a dull Boris this can not compete with Fedoseyev 's flawed but gripping reading as an account of the original score . 
And parents also benefit from the much-needed peace and quiet a really gripping book can provide . 
For some women at this stage , cooking can become an absorbing hobby rather than the necessity of life it was when there were others to feed -- a social pleasure or simply a personal indulgence . 
Stomping around the 40-odd screens that make up the playing area , solving puzzles and avoiding the numerous nasties , is as absorbing as you can get for four pounds . 
And a tiring mind can know no rest . " 
It can be very tiring , and she has to adapt constantly to the changing needs of the learner , patient and ward . 
Existing fitness centres can be intimidating places with not so much as an ounce of unwanted fat on display . 
Researchers investigating the causes of psychological depression spent a long time carefully documenting how severe , traumatizing events that happen to people , such as bereavement or job loss , can induce it .
In fact , one of the first , but also most important aspects of the traumatic change to cultivation can be detected in some advanced hunter-gatherer societies . 
Care must be taken to introduce video tape technique gradually , as the experience can be traumatic for most people in the first instance . 
People 's vulnerability at this time can be very great , and it is a poignant reflection on our society that there are many other people ready to prey on this . 
If a fight takes place in this room , the strains of disorientating Nipponese atonal music can be clearly heard . 
Yet none of these works can rival , for sheer novelty and strangeness , Sibelius 's Sixth Symphony , still one of the most mystifying and mesmerising orchestral utterances of the century . 
Aquamassage brush , £15 , BaByliss , can be used in bath or shower for an invigorating massage treatment 
` Neopolitan mosquitoes are man-eaters , my dear ; you can not imagine how disagreeable they are . " 
I am grateful , and can only show my gratitude by giving them the text to criticise under more agreeable conditions . 
What I need is a nice little research job where I can write my books and keep well away from them . " 
And how can they know about the dreadful events surrounding Burghgesh 's death ? " 
But can I really maintain that the affliction is ‘ visible , painful , incurable , distasteful to others ’ … ? 
Aggravations are minimised , or can be regulated . 
If the most amusing anecdote you can find is one which is rather negative , tell it and then disassociate yourself from the views it expresses . 
But they promise solemnly to retire forever if it ever happens , so you can enjoy their sharp and amusing little ditties in the secure knowledge that you 're not creating a Barron Knights for the '90s . 
NOBODY who has seen the news on television of late can have remained unmoved by the harrowing pictures of the starvation that is afflicting parts of Africa , especially Ethiopia . 
Gary Kemp 's portrayal of the homosexual psychopath Ronnie is utterly chilling ; we are not shown what he does in bed , but it can not have been much fun for his boyfriend . 
The amazing thing about memory is that you can use the same hooks for a multitude of lists without ending up in confusion . 
IT 'S amazing that judges can get away with outrageous statements . 
It 's amazing that a small girl like that can have so much strength . " 
It is amazing that you can still read calculations like my haemoglobin calculation , used as though they constituted arguments against Darwin 's theory . 
It is amazing how resilient some yarns can be . 
Amazing what influence can do . 
Amazing what you can do with a few nails , is n't it ? " 
` It 's always amazing to me that you can be a man in charge of 100 or 200 people , then you get your pension book and suddenly you are regarded as deaf and daft . 
Physically they are amazing , you can jump up and down on a cockroach , and they still get up and walk away . 
9:31 a.m. GR8FLRED : It 's amazing how one second can so completely change your life .
You can walk around the peak for impressive views of Hong Kong , the coastline , and the islands in 45 minutes on Lugard and Harlech roads .
Its futuristic dome design is striking ; inside are interactive exhibits , including one in which you can experience weightlessness .
Your tutor may be generous to a fault but can not reward irrelevance or peripheral knowledge display . 
` We can go anywhere we want to afterwards , " he added in case he was appearing stingy . 
They were lavish with their frequent presents as only Chinese friends can be , and we enjoyed many delectable feasts of Chinese food at their favourite restaurants on Pender Street . 
Although US and Israeli intelligence agencies continue to insist Iran maintains a stockpile of chemical weapons , no challenge inspections of Iranian facilities have been requested , and none of the allegations made regarding the stockpiling of CW can be verified in the unclassified domain .
Weapons programs can be based on indigenous ( i.e. , domestic ) production capabilities , or they can rely on foreign supplies and technologies .
This means that a Data Discman disc can store up to 32,000 separate images .
The amount of information which can be stored on a hard disk is much greater -- my computer , for example , has a 105 megabyte hard disk .
The results of a search can be stored on a floppy disc or printed out .
You can store each vehicle by its registration and then call up details as and when needed .
But can less authoritarian forms of moral discipline be effective and if so , how are they to be achieved ? 
Nowadays , although lenders are not quite so lenient , professionals can still have their pick of a whole range of mortgage products . 
Although not particularly liberal on moral issues , it recognises that a climate of opinion in which people can discuss sexual and emotional matters will be one in which the birth control campaign is more likely to succeed . 
A third feature underlying the courts ' tolerant attitude to managerial failure is their belief , at least historically , that mismanagement can , and should , be controlled by means of shareholder supervision . 
We must be tolerant of others who do not have our gifts or drive as each of us can only perform to the extent of our own personal capacity . 
I have always found the staff honest , trustworthy , intensely loyal and hard-working , generally very tolerant of all extremes of consumer behaviour , and therefore the best asset and advertisement any business can have . 
Now that Obama is president it puts severe limits on how he can use email and indeed Twitter .
Many people have studied languages in the past in school or elsewhere and this knowledge can be built upon .
Students who wish to study at degree level , but who do not wish to work towards obtaining a degree , can be admitted as non-graduating or occasional students .
“ How can I convince you ? 
If somebody can be persuaded to say something which is critical of Darwin he can get his name in the papers or on the box . 
` Perhaps we can persuade Tammuz Malamute to entertain him . "  
But after failing to sway villagers attending the annual meeting , he allowed himself to comment : ` Well , all I can say is good luck to you and your children . "  
Yes , we all can remember one or two truly inspiring teachers from our school days .
At Goodwill , it is the hard work of staff and those who benefit from our services that produces the kind of inspiring results I see every day : A Goodwill staff member addresses a group of welfare recipients : `` You can earn the money to support yourself and your family , '' she says .
The participant orientation finds expression in citizens ' beliefs that they can influence government at both the national and local level . 
You can not influence people without talking to them , and that is why I saw President ( FW ) de Klerk and Mr ( Barend ) du Plessis . 
We give them a chance to realize their own potential by giving them a place where they can develop a sense of competence , of usefulness , a sense of belonging and of influence .
L : Can we ever escape the influence of that act ?
While genetic makeup and peer influence can override some elements of the home environment , parental attention , input , and example can not be written off .
The victim was being coaxed by a trained woman detective at her hospital bedside in the hope that her masked attacker can be identified . 
It has also been said that private companies can be enticed into investment in eastern Europe , as in the deal whereby BSN of France and Nestle of Switzerland bought a stake in Czech confectioner Chakoladnovy . 
Meanwhile , the leading Pandava brother is enticed into a dice game he knows he will lose but can not resist . 
As teachers you can direct them along fruitful lines of approach and discourage them from fruitless ones . 
They also offered a few words of comfort to those who may have been encouraged by the church to believe their lifestyles were sinful : ` We can assure lesbians and gays of heaven . 
If a new application is submitted , even with very minor alterations , the applicant can claim that previous objections are not relevant .
An advanced weapons program would require the capability to manufacture tritium , a radioactive gas that can be used to enhance the explosive power of nuclear weapons , for fabrication of boosted - yield weapons .
Early 1990s , According to the British Observer , the British government exported chemicals to Iran that can be used to manufacture weapons .
Chemical warfare ( CW ) agents are non-living , manufactured chemicals that are highly toxic and can enter the body through the lungs or the skin .
Although technically sub - optimal , even reactor - grade plutonium can be used as fissile material in nuclear weapons .
Determining how many nuclear weapons a country can produce with a given amount of fissile material requires knowing the technological sophistication of the country and the explosive yield of the weapons .
Tajikistan can manufacture uranium oxide but can not enrich it to levels needed for reactors or weapons .
Although uranium can be put to use , and used up , as fuel in existing reactors , plutonium is much harder to get rid of .
Although technically sub - optimal , even reactor - grade plutonium can be used as fissile material in nuclear weapons .
You can take a ferryboat through the harbor , past the ingenious Plover Cove reservoir , a water catchment area appropriated by damming and draining a broad inlet from the sea .
Tequila is the national drink of Mexico , made from the distilled juice of the agave plant ( 100 % agave tequila is the best quality ) , and it can be bought under numerous trade names .
The State : Reward for arrest in animal crimes http://bit.ly/9GSUQ Amazing how happy a little piece of paper can make me today !
The individual artisans ' shops are no longer here , but you can visit a silk-weaving factory , a ceramics plant , and the Foshan Folk Art Studio , where you can observe workers making Chinese lanterns , carving sculptures , painting scrolls , and cutting intricate designs in paper .
'' Different categories of conservation units can be gazetted on paper , but in practice they 're a long way from working .
And I say this as someone also perfectly comfortable with computers ; I 'd have a hard time getting any kind of serious writing done on paper ( though I do love fountain pens and think they 're not at all inconvenient ) , and I can comfortably revise and edit onscreen .
Do n't take everything out of the freezer until you need it because partially defrosted food can be dangerous if refrozen . 
Secondly , asking relatives for help can undermine the moral base on which relations with kin are built .
Support the Report and let's see if we can succeed in what must be the greatest enterprise in the trade union Movement since the nineteen twenties .
From a Weberian point of view the professions can be seen as occupational groups which have succeeded in controlling and manipulating the labour market in such a way that they can maximize their rewards .
If so , she succeeded , as my American friend later told me , and , more interestingly to me , revealed by example how much terms in the same language for the same things ( station = ranch ; bush = country , sticks ) in the same occupation can vary from place to place , at least when it comes to stock raising .
The country has succeeded economically by fixing the best price it can get for everything , but the domestic market pays high prices because of a stiff sales tax and surprisingly convoluted and inefficient distribution systems .
`` If the cartel succeeds in blackmailing the Colombian authorities into negotiations , the cartel will be in control and Fidel can exploit his past relationships with them , '' he told the Journal 's David Asman recently .
In theory , this should produce a list of the least harmful cuts from which the Secretary of State can choose , if he fails in his bid for more resources .
Because you know which teams are successful before you begin your analysis -- those that win -- you can use mathematics to identify similarities among those winning teams .
We seek the financial support of the Foundation to help us be successful in creating the atmosphere in our community where young people can grow and develop well .
This can happen if tigers which are parasite resistant and therefore healthier are more likely to be successful in establishing territories .
Blackburn were the only top six team to win on Saturday , fuelling renewed conviction that they can pull off a remarkable Championship coup .
If Bouchard can pull off that feat , governing effectively as Quebec 's new premier while sustaining the fervor of the separatist movement , the result is likely to be another independence referendum within two years .
A key success factor evident in all our work is the ability to obtain the right knowledge at the right time and to build knowledge to the point that decision makers can make informed decisions about moving ahead to the next phase .
It is a fundamental Darwinian principle that traits and behaviours can not spread over evolutionary time if they reduce an individual 's personal reproductive success .
you know their their success rate is very high crime does pay cash you can make a good living at it
Indonesia watchers at the IMF believe that this `` civilian face / military fist '' strategy can succeed in Indonesia so long as the military remains united .
We can conclude that the advertising campaign has been very successful :
If monetary policy is successful in reducing aggregate demand , it can lead to a lasting recession .
This very brief review of about ten conservation programmes can not make the case that all national policies fail .
This limitation can be overcome by culturing neurons on cryostat sections where both the success and orientation of neurite growth on white matter have been shown to depend on the geometry of the underlying fiber tract [ 22 ] .
The expectation is so subtle that it can be transmitted even when the experimenter conveys his instructions by means of a tape recording . 
So much can be conveyed by putting your arms around someone 's shoulders or giving them a kiss . 
As a multi-lingual movement the human rights message can be conveyed via dozens of reports , books and audio-visual materials to audiences from Japan to Nigeria . 
However , by providing a description of the norms speakers operate with in conversation , Grice makes it possible to describe what types of meaning a speaker can convey by ` flouting " one of these maxims . 
If you can get up early enough , you can attend the pre-dawn auction held at the vast local wholesale fish market ; otherwise , have a look at the street market that goes on later in the day .
The most essential thing , in a sense , is to give teachers enough information about this condition and the kind of difficulties it creates so that they can recognise it . 
Fortunately , none of this means that their work can simply be tossed overboard , for two examples should suffice to prove the contention that writers subsequent to Cnut 's day sometimes had access to important evidence . 
An oral disclaimer can suffice provided that it is bold and compelling enough to neutralise the effect of the odometer reading . 
Once the mystery has provided a sufficient reason for hero or heroine to find themselves in a good opening situation of suspense , the person or persons behind that mystery can be safety revealed . 
The Social Fund , which is a new part of social security , can give grants for those arranging a funeral who do not have sufficient money to cover the cost . 
Even employees who come into personal , face to face contact with the employer 's trade connections , can not always be said to have sufficient quality of contact . 
We need additional confidence that China 's statements and actions will be sufficient for us to defend a certification of that kind ... we want to be sure that we 've done all we can to obtain the maximum level of cooperation from China on this subject. [ US Department of State , Daily Press Briefing , 14 October 1997 . ]
If , however , existing levels of industrial concentration are insufficient for such strategic control , the state can foster industrial reorganization or cartels to facilitate it . 
The latter , he argues , can only be accomplished if an adequate food supply is produced within a ecologically sustainable system . 
Hotels are simple but adequate , and you can eat the freshest of fish in cheerfully informal , unlicensed restaurants . 
The echoic response provided by parents can alert children to possible inadequacies in their messages . 
I think it can , as long as we realise the inadequacy of the simple linguistic model of communication ( addresser-message-addressee ) not only to literary discourse , but to any discourse . 
The inadequacy of the current strategies of legitimation needs to be acknowledged so that company law scholars can focus their efforts on rethinking the legitimation of managerial power . 
Inadequate information also can lead to morale problems . 
There can be little doubt that the problems of the inner city are rooted in unfair and inadequate access to economic and political resources . 
Flickering candles may look romantic but can be infuriatingly inadequate for speechreading . 
The Saudi government does not dispute that some of its youths are ending up as suicide bombers in Iraq , but says it has done everything it can to stop the bloodshed .
The announcements mean that EDI*Net customers can communicate with trading partners using the technology that is most suitable to their overall computing strategy .
Amongst the YCs , the lack of suitable volunteers can lead to surprising results .
The emphasis has moved towards data because , if it can be made available in the correct form for applications , programming presents much less of a problem .
It can be seen that the correct dose of the correct medicine will aid a person 's healing .
This influence can be summarised in diagrammatic form , as shown in figure 15.1 .
The information required to calculate the mean bond enthalpy for CH can be summarised in an enthalpy diagram ( see figure 5.13 ) .
Reflective thinking can perhaps be summarized by a quotation from the philosopher Basil Mitchell .
Dr _Gupto : On the other hand to be able to outline and do the thing that were talked about today to basically completely revamp the public health system so that local officials can talk to state officials that can talk to federal officials to be able to pinpoint exactly when a cluster of bird flu happens that takes probably a lot more money and a and a really a complete revamping of our public health systems .
Eye and ear protection can be supplied if necessary .
Braille medicine labels can also be supplied on request .
Specifically , China reportedly has renewed negotiations on the construction of a graphite production facility , agreed to supply Iran with specialty steel , including the transfer of titanium - stabilized duplex steel , that can be used in the development of weapons of mass destruction .
All the free services we provide with The Barclays Bank Account plus a list of services we charge for can be found on the following pages .
SID won this contract on a competitive basis illustrating that AEA can provide a quality service at competitive prices .
The local authority can provide them , but employees are free to wear their own if they wish .
The teacher could provide containers ( boxes , drawers , jars , etc. ) , perhaps labelled with colour pictures , so that equipment can be sorted and put in the right place .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
I understand from Janine that you or Patti can provide me with the detail that I need .
The area patrol is different from the single patrol in that : 1- It has a vehicle equipped with a machine gun 2- It can use horses to canvass the area , but the patrol should be formed of 2 or 3 people at least
Down to earth , the Sha Tin Racecourse can accommodate over 80,000 spectators and is equipped with every imaginable luxury , including a giant video screen facing the stands , and for the horses , air-conditioned stables .
A huge spaceship supports forests that can no longer survive on earth .
At Goodwill , it is the hard work of staff and those who benefit from our services that produces the kind of inspiring results I see every day : A Goodwill staff member addresses a group of welfare recipients : `` You can earn the money to support yourself and your family , '' she says .
There arose great , echoing halls of glass and iron , colonnaded , canopied , buttressed , and turreted , living temples to the worship of King Steam .
This group has been doubling resolving power of the SAM ( its ability to see detail ) every year since its invention , and the device can now surpass the resolution of the best optical instruments . 
Its magnitude is 0.0 , so that it is surpassed only by Sirius , Canopus , Alpha Centauri and Arcturus . 
The opportunity offered in the market by an asset owner can not be freely duplicated or surpassed by just anyone ; it can be duplicated only by another owner of a similar asset . 
As a dessert or table raisin , the flavour of the muscatel berry can not be surpassed . 
Their performance , as far as can be judged at this early stage , matches and in some areas surpasses that of their conventionally trained colleagues 300 km away across the Rift Valley . 
It is almost as if the author is trying to suggest that the mechanical and functional beauty of the train , who seemingly has a life of her own , can surpass that true beauty of nature . 
Spectacular though this is , many smaller frogs can easily outdo it , if their jumps are judged in relation to their body size . 
And yet she can not surrender either of them completely .
The square mile around the school can be the starting point for many enquiries , including investigations of a historical nature .
Warren 's Shaft , part of a Canaanite water system discovered by 19th - century archaeologists and open to visitors , might be the very tunnel infiltrated by David 's army .
Dr _Gupto : On the other hand to be able to outline and do the thing that were talked about today to basically completely revamp the public health system so that local officials can talk to state officials that can talk to federal officials to be able to pinpoint exactly when a cluster of bird flu happens that takes probably a lot more money and a and a really a complete revamping of our public health systems .
Dr _Gupto : The problem though at any given time eighty to ninety percent of those ICU rooms are full so we just do n't have the surge capacity and that 's going to cost lots and lots of money to create a health system where we can take care not only of the ill now but the ill that might come in with a pandemic Paula .
Yeah , yeah , I mean you 're - you 're in Dallas so - everybody - i ca n't believe they can , uh , like in a murder situations , they look for juries who do n't know anything about the system well or know anything about the - the - occurrence .
Labor in the United States is by no means perfect , and dealing with intransigent unions can be a byzantine , harrowing , and expensive process .
For Sullivan , the `` byzantine '' nature of the current tax system benefits the wealthy , who can afford to pay people to decipher it .
And another thing : If these aliens are so adept at replicating the many moods of our planet , if they can speak English , how come they had to communicate with us in the first place through a byzantine binary code ?
Smetana or soured cream can replace the cream- vinegar and Roger Vergé mixes in a fresh tomato coulis .
There is minimal danger of everybody being dragged in if one person falls into a crevasse , and sophisticated rescue methods can be substituted by sheer manpower on the surface .
A low phenylalanine diet can not fully substitute for the fine tuning of phenylalanine turnover normally exerted by hepatic phenylalanine hydroxylase .
Since cloned human TFIIA is not yet available , we used the yeast analogue , which can functionally substitute for the human factor in pol II transcription in vitro ( 17 , 24 ) .
Whether their accounts confirm , coincide with , or can substitute for the psychoanalytic account of desire as lack is hard to say .
Charcoal can also substitute for fossil fuels , which in some places is an urgent need .
Desserts can be substituted by a portion of fresh fruit , or fresh fruit salad , but if possible in Stage II try to prepare the suggested desserts from the recipes provided .
I can not remember any big captures being made by the HDML 's , but we had our moments with regular routine seizures from yachts and merchant ships .
At Monterrey , publisher Luis Gabriel Cano , although shaken by the murders , issued a statement saying : `` We will not cease our fight against drug trafficking .
But Howard insisted : “ Anyone who believes he can cruise along and think he will automatically be in the side against Halifax will be in for a shock .
OFFICIALS at Lord 's were last night insistent they can win the right to stage the 1995 World Cup despite fierce opposition from Pakistan , India and Sri Lanka .
Although often dismissed as an opponent of evolutionism , Owen can thus be seen as an opponent of Darwinism who was quite happy to accept a theory of evolution based on preordained trends .
In serious cases results can be produced more quickly , but in the case of organic pollutions the analysis itself takes five days .
It could take at least five days before the fire can be brought under full control .
ets- 1 , ets- 2 and ese- 1 / esx . Smad 7 was of particular interest as it belongs to the inhibitory Smads , which can counteract TGF?-induced gene activation [ 23 ] . The response of the smad 7 gene to TGF? is unusually rapid [ 24 ] which is believed to stem from the peculiar nature of the Smad 7 promoter that contains a " perfect " Smad binding site [ 25 ] . Another inhibitory Smad protein is Smad 6 .
Thus the mullahs can legitimately incite revolution , and since the seventh century they have done so . 
Fire crews tackling the blaze were hampered by exploding gas canisters .
Advisers are therefore more often finding themselves in the position of having to tell the client that they can not help in any material way . 
And I remember talking to my husband about that in the car ride home , as well , because we 're both teachers and I was -- when I hear things like that , I immediately think of my students , and I was thinking about the diverse group of students that I have in my classroom , who all have different religious viewpoints , and how difficult that would be to tell one student that , you know , we ca n't express your belief , but we can express that person 's belief in the classroom .
'' It was very , very important '' to compel Iraq to rid itself of weapons of mass destruction so that `` it can not use or export them to other countries , '' he told Associated Press Television News .
And I remember talking to my husband about that in the car ride home , as well , because we 're both teachers and I was -- when I hear things like that , I immediately think of my students , and I was thinking about the diverse group of students that I have in my classroom , who all have different religious viewpoints , and how difficult that would be to tell one student that , you know , we ca n't express your belief , but we can express that person 's belief in the classroom .
Now , tell us what you can recall of the June 14th , board meeting .
Addressing a meeting at a neighborhood center , a Goodwill staff member tells the audience how Goodwill can help them find and keep jobs .
And can you tell us what it is ?
A lack of sleep can always be remedied later , a Madrileño might tell you , as he tops off a late night with early-morning chocolate con curros ( a fried-dough and chocolate snack ideal for absorbing alcohol ) on the way home for a shower and then continues on to work .
But , Gov . Donald Carcieri , Providence Mayor David Cicilline and others told Chairwoman Susan Collins of Maine and Rhode Island Sen . Lincoln Chafee , they need more federal money , they need it to come faster when disaster strikes and they need a steady stream they know they can rely on from year to year .
But , Gov . Donald Carcieri , Providence Mayor David Cicilline and others told Chairwoman Susan Collins of Maine and Rhode Island Sen . Lincoln Chafee , they need more federal money , they need it to come faster when disaster strikes and they need a steady stream they know they can rely on from year to year .
Leitenberg , who has worked on arms control and chemical and biological weapons issues for 40 years , told UPI that `` a best case scenario '' might kill most of the inhabitants of a subway car , but added `` every calculation ( one can make about casualties ) relies on a whole series of assumptions . ''
`` It was very , very important '' to compel Iraq to rid itself of weapons of mass destruction so that `` it can not use or export them to other countries , '' he told Associated Press Television News .
If I can get all of the information today , I can tell you this afternoon .
`` If the cartel succeeds in blackmailing the Colombian authorities into negotiations , the cartel will be in control and Fidel can exploit his past relationships with them , '' he told the Journal 's David Asman recently .
Addressing a meeting at a neighborhood center , a Goodwill staff member tells the audience how Goodwill can help them find and keep jobs .
` It would be irresponsible to inform the public without also stressing the alternatives , giving suggestions about what people can do to help themselves , " says Jean Boht . 
Your local Liquitex stockist will be able to advise on such ready prepared painting supports , or you can quite easily prepare your own raw canvas hardboard offcuts , thick plyboard or MDF . 
Can you advise me about the pros and cons and tell me the best way to retain their copper finish ? 
Treatment : The usual prescription for these problems is glasses or contact lenses and although babies can wear them , parents are often advised to wait and see if the problem corrects itself . 
I can not assure my children that all will be safe if Hinkley C is built , " she concluded . 
` But I can assure them our umpires will be quite even-handed about checking all bowlers . " 
I can assure you she 's a very bright girl . 
I can assure you that Paula .
You can ask for notification in writing if you wish . 
As the numbers of socially deprived people , immigrants , and people with AIDS increase , and tuberculosis notifications no longer decline , who can dismiss the risks we may face in Britain in future ? 
So German companies can export anything deemed recyclable by German law to other countries , without giving any formal notification . 
Can the Minister give us a categorical assurance that that will not happen ? 
Dual-core chips can do the same work that a single-core chip can , only faster , while consuming less power and at a cooler temperature .
She sighed , raised the can of Coke to her lips , and let some of the cool , sweet liquid ease down her throat .
From the home of Cardinal Ippolito d'Este , guests can look down at the terraced gardens , the real reason for Tivoli 's fame and your visit : alleys of cypresses and soaring fountains ( 500 in all , including Bernini 's Bicchierone ) , grottoes , waterfalls , reflecting pools , and everywhere the cool sound of rushing water .
Dual-core chips can do the same work that a single-core chip can , only faster , while consuming less power and at a cooler temperature .
you know because apparently people i i read somewhere that you can replace your urine with ginger with warm Sprite or something Mountain Dew and it tests you know that it tests like urine and you know it tests okay obviously
From the monastery , hikers enjoy the two - hour cross-country trek down to Silvermine Bay , but the authorities have warned walkers to be on the lookout for snakes , which can be plentiful in the Lantau hinterland , especially in summer .
`` You can have a dozen competitors stealing your secrets at the same time , '' Mr . Matchett said , adding : `` It 's a pretty good bet they wo n't get caught .''
At the beginning of the second millennium b.c. , Jerusalem was a Canaanite mountain stronghold on a secondary trade route , far less important than biblical cities such as Hazor , Megiddo , Beth Shean , and Shechem .
Now he can go further .
Dr _Gupto : The other thing Paula really important is that they talk a lot about the fact that our- we 're a lot better at taking care of patients now than we were in nineteen eighteen , we have a lot of ICUs a lot of ICUs in the hospital behind me that can take care of critically ill patients .
Now I can buy a soda and spend money .
1 ) Voters can `` buy '' one of two brands when they select their political agents -- a Republican brand that believes in the minimalist state and in the virtues of private markets over the vices of public action , and a Democratic brand that believes in big government and in public intervention to remedy the excesses attendant to the pursuit of private interest .
An examination of changes in personal staffing decisions in the Senate between 1986 and 1987 ( when control of that body changed party hands ) , moreover , reveals that the personal staffing differences noted in the table can not be attributed to the disproportionate control Democrats exercise , due to their majority-party status , over other resources such as committee staff .
Dr _Gupto : On the other hand to be able to outline and do the thing that were talked about today to basically completely revamp the public health system so that local officials can talk to state officials that can talk to federal officials to be able to pinpoint exactly when a cluster of bird flu happens that takes probably a lot more money and a and a really a complete revamping of our public health systems .
Please give the largest gift you can to Goodwill today .
The individual artisans ' shops are no longer here , but you can visit a silk - weaving factory , a ceramics plant , and the Foshan Folk Art Studio , where you can observe workers making Chinese lanterns , carving sculptures , painting scrolls , and cutting intricate designs in paper .
`` If the cartel succeeds in blackmailing the Colombian authorities into negotiations , the cartel will be in control and Fidel can exploit his past relationships with them , '' he told the Journal 's David Asman recently .
The Court of Appeal has ruled that she can use an ancient law to sue the Today newspaper for claiming she stole letters belonging to the princess .
The totems of American Indians , the carvings of Inouk , ancient bronze ritual vessels from China , and many more examples can be found through the world and the centuries .
The clear message behind this and so much more of national policy at present is that teachers can not be trusted .
At present employees can pay up to 15 per cent of their salary to an approved pension scheme and gain from several important tax advantages .
Pottery finds can be interpreted to support either the imposition of an elite culture from Turkmenia or a late development of the Indus civilization .
SEASON Bitter melons can be found in Asian and specialty produce markets primarily from spring through late fall .
If you can get up early enough , you can attend the pre-dawn auction held at the vast local wholesale fish market ; otherwise , have a look at the street market that goes on later in the day .
At the beginning of the second millennium b.c. , Jerusalem was a Canaanite mountain stronghold on a secondary trade route , far less important than biblical cities such as Hazor , Megiddo , Beth Shean , and Shechem .
Infection too can involve discomfort and absence from work ; and it can mean isolation .
This improves communication and the co-ordination of care , since staff absences for whatever reason , and changes of staff , can occur without much disruption to the continuity of care .
` You can stay there while you 're in Venice . "
Around 32 people can stay there at any one time in multi-bedded or twin rooms .
By careful timing , which is possible during a longer stay , you can avoid most of the crowds .
You can sleep over . "
The Sergeant will never think to stop us , and Kevin can stay over until his leg 's better .
Trojanowicz , Director of the National Neighbourhood Foot Patrol Centre in Michigan , is so enthusiastic that he has claimed that community policing can help in the policing of international terrorism ( Trojamowicz 1988 ) .
Further , what can be done to prevent or reduce the likelihood of incidents of BW terrorism ?
The Bible is no academic tome with an esoteric appeal to those with scholarly minds who can handle abstract concepts . 
They make the most noise -- singing , chanting and shouting imprecations against the opposition fans -- they run the most and they can represent a rather awesome spectacle to their rivals . 
As for MacDonald 's diary … a good deal can be said . 
Parents vary in the quantity they expect their child to be able to eat so a food diary can help the therapist determine appropriate quantities with the parents . 
Now that we have in print the diary of his second wife , and his correspondence with Dame Margaret , Lloyd George 's private morality can be viewed in historical terms . 
He can move from talking about Aristophanes to talking about Indian epics without any sense of discontinuity . 
In this way you can shorten your essay without losing its balance or structure ( which would happen if you just cut the end , for example ) . 
When writing a history essay , most people have more facts or knowledge available than they can conveniently use . 
We shall see , by the end of this book , that a simple and practical distinction between fabliau and exemplum can be drawn , but that the same stories often do service in both categories . 
This effort to unite what can not be united lies at the heart of the haiku and accounts for some of its tense , sad loveliness . 
Your own haiku can have ` movement " as its subject , ` my town " , ` Spring " or whatever has moved you to powerful feeling . 
CBW can have a greater psychological impact than conventional explosives , as suggested by the 2001 anthrax letter attacks , which killed only five people but frightened millions of Americans .
A final caution about using monographs about painters is that they can seldom be read alone . 
You can try to work out whether it is autobiography or murder mystery and how it works within these genre classifications . 
Shusaku Endo 's novel of ideas can be read as symbolism or old-fashioned realism , for it works neatly on both levels . 
But you can work out how Kuppner 's novel would fit into various classificatory systems , and then discuss the novel from this point of view . 
It should be possible to construct a pragmatic frame by which the deixis of lyric poetry in its various manifestations can be viewed . 
An example of this can be seen in his youthful discovery of the biblical poems of the Anglo-Saxon poet Cynewulf . 
Soon after her birth and the subsequent celebrated break-up of her parents ' marriage , she became famous through the lines of Byron 's poem ` Childe Harold " ( canto 3 , lines 1-5 ) : 
That Jennens had some talent as a poet may be judged from ` Parthenissa 's Answer to the Pocket-Book 's Soliloquy " , a poem in Leapor 's second volume which can now be attributed to her . 
One can not but be struck by the Spanishness of Toledo Station or the Dutchness of Amsterdam or the clean , bold , heroic lines of Helsinki Central , with its guardian giants so redolent of the spirit of Norse saga . 
Some of the changes to our critical practice which results from incorporating new models for thinking about the relation between Renaissance literary texts and their historical context can be illustrated by considering a sonnet by Sir Thomas Wyatt : 
It can be a considerable pleasure to the writer engaged in creating the now often somewhat despised simple whodunit . 
You can prove this for yourself , in fact , by re-reading any good whodunit where you can remember who the murder eventually proved to be . 
My PC manual says that I can add more memory in 2Mb modules . 
You can find more information about appraisal arrangements in the Staff Appraisal Handbook . 
On a calm day , it can register a pressure difference across the thickness of the Handbook of Chemistry and Physics . 
And the great lays -- you can learn them , meantime . 
National Trust gardens are living libraries where , armed with a good reference book and a sense of adventure , one can roam through the world at large ’ 
Who can , for instance , blame a youth with but a mildly evil disposition from guffawing when he reads in Pater 's Marius The Epicurean ( Chapter V ) a reference to Apuleius ' The Golden Ass noting that `` all through the book , there is an unmistakably real feeling for asses ... '' ?
Moore 's hypothesis ( which apparently comes at least in part from the book `` Culture of Fear '' by Barry Glassner , also advertised on Moore 's website ) is that the constant bombardment with messages of fear can incite paranoia , which itself can lead to violent acts .
It can help purchase clothing , school supplies , books and educational tools throughout the year .
The end result of such roundtables , one can only fear , could be that the only books depicting people of color that get published are those that do not challenge white assumptions .
We can see why , if we turn the pages of the only surviving detailed account of the Celtic invasion of 278 B.C. in Pausanias , Book 10 . 
His account of how government worked in the ninth century is plausible , not least because it squares with what we can infer from Dhuoda and Nithard , despite the differences in their aims and standpoints . 
From this account of 1773 , two things can be noted : the miners first offered a price , and the objects of their anger were merchants intending to remove corn from the locality . 
The Ranter Jacob Bauthumley begins his tract on The Light and Dark side of God acknowledging ` the most unto whose hand it [ i.e. the tract ] may come can not read it " . 
Many of these Whig Jacobite tracts can be said to reflect commonwealth principles , in the sense that they argued for a monarchy which would be severely limited . 
Primarily a political tract , it can in no sense be regarded as an empirical analysis of society . 
Erm well I just wrote Miriam and said , I saw your article in Green Week can you send me further details . 
A similar quest can be pursued for the first book with gilt lettering on the spine -- generally accepted as being the third volume of a set of Byron published by Murray in 1832 . 
Relatives and friends of patients at the hospice can now have their loved ones honoured in a leather bound In Memoriam volume by giving a donation to the hospice fund-raising appeal . 
I learned from a friend 's porno mag that men can buy 
Much of it , of course , using the standards of top newspapers , can not be used since it is largely gossip we are repeating , although it certainly could make for some very good stories .
The history of the German people between 1933 and 1945 can sometimes read like a particularly nightmarish Gothic fairy tale .
Although Blair was described in the headline of a Jerusalem Post editorial as a `` most welcome visitor '' to Israel , the paper said the idea `` that the Stormont wizard can perform another miracle in the Holy Land is nice , but somewhat unreal . ''
I have i more vital paper with me but I can only present you the hard copy when I reach your house as that it 's the diplomatic rules , such as authorization to deliver .
From this thought experiment , we can understand the logic of Feldman 's paper , which showed that .
Yet neither paper explains what Congress can do about the deal .
Graffiti written by Russian soldiers can be seen in the caves of Antiparos .
I can write my name on the deposit slip .
If you 've got limited resources and you think you can do it , and the court does help , then maybe this is the one thing that you forego in order to pay for something else , '' said Sally Fox , a former state representative who helped write the legislation to establish Family Courts and who used to be the state director of Family Court operations .
and they have reading to write which is uh they can write stories and and learn to write on computers so at least uh the school district that we 're in has you know computers that they begin on and i really feel like
i would really think that they should be stressing more can the kid write a thought
Graffiti written by Russian soldiers can be seen in the caves of Antiparos .
I can write my name on the deposit slip .
If this is the case , then you may wish to compose a number of standard letters which can be sent as a matter of routine . 
They have a much wider range of cards to choose from and they can also compose their own personalised message . 
I still can not go to a service , nor say the Creed . 
I can not do anything else except for saying my paternoster and my creed to Christ , for my sins … " ) 
It has taken four more years to understand more of what I still can only partially say in these investigations .
Plant breeders anywhere in the world can write in to ask for budwood from these clones , some of which are wild in origin while others have been selected from plantations in various countries . 
One is to have the list written out on a large piece of paper , which can be hung in a prominent position . 
I 'll type out my notes for you in some kind of order , giving correct dates and names , but I can give you a brief run-down now . " 
Once all amendments have been made , the amended document can be saved ( e.g. by choosing option 1 in WORDWISE + ) and the final version printed out . 
The knitting instructions can be printed out on paper in a variety of different chart formats or in diagram form with Japanese notation as described in my article in the June issue . 
After the form has been completed it can be printed out for filing . 
You ca n't edit this representation by calling it into Lotus and changing the parameters , but you can print out the graph . 
I 've in fact printed out a short extract from my new book erm which illustrates this , albeit using a computer program , and you can take a copy of that away with you . 
The microcomputer will print out reminders for all items which are overdue on a particular date and the reminders can be sent to pupils via the form or year tutor . 
If you want something to keep you busy , you can print me out all the towns in Europe with a population of over ten thousand . " 
A person can therefore steal property by destroying it . 
An enchanting picture book by Ian Beck , The Teddy Robber , £6.95 is a wonderfully funny story of a giant who 's lost his teddy bear so he goes around stealing other teddies from wherever he can . 
A drawer can stop the payment of a cheque lost or stolen by immediately informing the bank , giving the cheque number and payee , providing it has not already been passed through a bank . 
`` You can have a dozen competitors stealing your secrets at the same time , '' Mr . Matchett said , adding : `` It 's a pretty good bet they wo n't get caught .''
Furthermore they know that they can trust him because he will not filch money from the common agricultural policy , as Labour would do , to use it for other purposes . 
` The divine right of kings does n't mean you can pinch my soap , " Fairbrother had snarled , and the three other boys in the wash room had been electrified by such dazzling insolence . 
Or , with a continuing conviction that others will never meet their needs , they may have to get what they want by stealth or theft ; they learn that only self can look after self . 
Little can be done without permission -- the same security system which prevents light-fingered customers from making off with the goods , also trains an unblinking eye on the shop-worker . 
Well , you ca n't call it a crime , can you , looking the other way in a cafe when somebody 's nicking your vehicle from a lay-by ? " 
Mind you , getting through defences ai n't that easy : defenders can nick the ball off you by slid-tackling -- although this has unpredictable results when it rains . 
` I can get out my binoculars to check on how many customers we 've got -- and see if anyone 's nicking anything out of the till . " 
Shivering pleasantly in her new blouse trimmed with lace nicked from Silvex Modes the week before , two quid borrowed from Ted means they can afford a few halves , jumping over the gutter full of leaves . 
Team Pension News , which has been written in a bright , punchy style , carries an in-depth analysis of how money from the Mirror pension fund was misappropriated by Maxwell and an explanation of how a repeat can be avoided . 
Psychiatrist Dr Gerald Silverman runs kleptomania therapy groups ( for people who can not control their desires to steal ) , and claims most of his patients shoplift due to emotional worries or personal problems . 
Whether or not Unix Labs is successful in its appeal , it believes it can still win its case on its other claims of misappropriation , misrepresentation , trade mark infringement and breach of contract . 
Again , a person charged with attempted larceny can not be convicted of attempting to obtain by false pretences ( Rex v. Gallagher ( 1929 ) 21 Cr.App.R. 172 ) . 
The Crown say that section 15 merely describes a particular type of theft and that all stealing by means of deception can be prosecuted under section 1 just as well as under section 15 . 
I thrive on people telling me that so I can react to it .
Conifers can thrive on upland areas with lower land value , and also grow faster than native , broad-leaved woodlands which are less efficient " carbon fixers " than pine , fir and spruce .
Prosperity is in the air ; the roar of the `` Celtic Tiger `` can clearly be heard .
Before a skyscraper can be built , a feng shui ( see page 68 ) investigation must take place to ensure that the site and the building will promote health , harmony , and prosperity .
If the United States grows like South Korea , your children 's grandchildren can live like Bill Gates--unless they rise above mediocrity and live even better .
They can live quite well on pig 's blood , steal it from blood banks ( gross , but there you go ) , do the Angel rat diet , etc .
Those responsible for implementing the change will be thwarted in their efforts if they can not have access to the resources they need .
Looking back , I can see how infantile my behaviour was -- but then I was flushed with success , convinced that nothing and no one could thwart me . "
The gulf between theory and practice , which can so easily thwart real progress at such meetings , was not in evidence here .
Can I risk having her curse me 10 years hence because my ideology ruined her education ?
I hope I can communicate with you through the Messenger before you depart Turkey .
Before a skyscraper can be built , a feng shui ( see page 68 ) investigation must take place to ensure that the site and the building will promote health , harmony , and prosperity .
The New Territories can be explored by taking the Kowloon - Canton Railway ( KCR ) , which makes 10 stops between the station in Kowloon and Sheung Shui , the last stop before entering China .
It really looks the part ; the tourists know its name even before the guide can translate it .
In more recent times , wealth has passed the island by , but it still produces some jewelry and has a reputation for particularly fine pottery , which can be seen outside the workshops drying in the sun .
In fact , its history dates back some 1,600 years , even though most of what can be seen , in the town at least , dates from the time of the Catholic Monarchs and later .
From the ferry terminals on Hong Kong Island you can escape to islands without cars or cares , where the local people smile `` hello '' and , if you 're lucky , point you to a secret beach for the ultimate in quality leisure time .
It is a pivotal time in the life of a young girl-when small changes in her behavior , or the choices she makes , can affect her future .
Of note , studies of adult twins , and especially monozygotic twins , can usefully address problems of capturing early life circumstances and assessing the contribution of childhood and adult conditions on adult health .
Off the beach you can paraglide , jet ski or waterski and on the shore there is a go-kart track for those who wish to spend life in the fast lane .
You can spend your whole life in The Firm without once meeting a pistol by way of business -- in fact , you 'd better , if you ever hope to be considered for Best of Breed . ''
I 'm not the sort who can go out with someone unless my feelings were so deep that I can imagine spending my life with them , and having a child .
Spending our lives in jealousy and envy can only isolate us from other people and make us unhappy .
" We can imagine that in the confusion of flight something precious , something which he could not bear to part with , had been left behind .
Although the topics discussed in this chapter are diverse , none can be lightly dismissed as a significant agent of environmental change . 
From the passages on servants discussed above , the description of work can be judged one of the major concerns of the poem . 
We can begin by returning to the question of defining your essay topic . 
Papers subsequently published by such researchers may show no obvious Scottish connection in their titles , but it can not be assumed that the work is unrelated to their thesis topic . 
Get as close as you can ( physically and mentally ) to the lecturer and the lecture topic . 
This topic is examined in the next chapter , along with important questions of how production can , and how it might best be , funded in such circumstances . 
It can not be the subject of this book , which has to be about what happened in Europe . 
Although US and Israeli intelligence agencies continue to insist Iran maintains a stockpile of chemical weapons , no challenge inspections of Iranian facilities have been requested , and none of the allegations made regarding the stockpiling of CW can be verified in the unclassified domain .
That 's not something we can address immediately , while the ink on the amalgamation document is still wet . 
The second main theme in the book is the question of the extent to which fossils can contribute data of value to systematics , and it is , of course intimately entwined with the first question . 
You can take a tour of the port in one of the small sampans , propelled by hand by women drivers .
It really looks the part ; the tourists know its name even before the guide can translate it .
Certainly , dog loos are an option , but many are extremely expensive , or not 100 per cent safe , containing chemicals which can be toxic to people , pets and soil .
You should not exceed this amount because iron can be toxic in certain individuals .
Mercury in metallic form is not particularly dangerous , but many of the organic compounds that can be made from it are extremely toxic .
It is toxic by inhalation or ingestion and can be absorbed through the skin .
Chemical warfare ( CW ) agents are non-living , manufactured chemicals that are highly toxic and can enter the body through the lungs or the skin .
As it can take considerable time to effect the transfer of overseas funds to the University account , you are strongly advised to make arrangements well in advance .
The fear is unfounded and can be eased by remembering firstly that the existence of sums of US$ in NOSTRO accounts is only possible because there has been a transfer into them from the US money stock .
In any case , a licence can not be a sale of goods contract as there is no transfer of property .
There can be no transfer of any surplus , for as soon as one candidate has more than 50% of the votes he is declared elected .
Transfer of funds to a cheque account can be easily implemented after adequate notice .
Finally , payment can be made by mail transfer , telegraphic or electronic transfer .
Specifically , China reportedly has renewed negotiations on the construction of a graphite production facility , agreed to supply Iran with specialty steel , including the transfer of titanium - stabilized duplex steel , that can be used in the development of weapons of mass destruction .
Although an individual household can tap its wealth by selling assets to finance consumption or accumulate other assets , the sale of an existing asset merely transfers ownership ; it does not generate new economic output .
` Gary can only answer by performing in the style we have grown accustomed to for the last few seasons . "
Also if abscesses come up in sites other than between the lower jaw antibiotics should be used as these abscesses can get very large without treatment .
Planners in Sweden and India think their countries can meet their energy needs , cut emissions of greenhouse gases and get richer by the end of the century Debora MacKenzie
Even in normal situations animals can get smaller rather than bigger : the modern tiger , descended from the genus of the sabre-toothed tiger , is now much smaller .
The world seems to be getting smaller as more and more people realize that what happens in one country can affect others .
Anyway , professional people can end up homeless just like anyone else .
It really looks the part ; the tourists know its name even before the guide can translate it .
" I do not understand this talk of how the Americans can keep us safe , " said businessman Khalid Khahir , hurrying away on foot from a busy street in the city center .
They can travel abroad going to shows and fights . 
The new clause would provide a golden opportunity for the consultative committee to ensure that bus companies carry out recommendations that would ensure that the elderly and the disabled can travel on buses in Scotland in comparative safety . 
But if you are travelling on foot , and particularly if you are without a light , this can be a time of real alarm . 
When astronauts voyage to distant planets and look for life , they can expect to find creatures too strange and unearthly for us to imagine . 
They journey from plain to forest , or along the river valleys and mountain passes , where they buy , sell , or steal things that they can re-sell to other Orcs and Goblins later on . 
In London passengers can alight and board for their return journey at either Marble Arch , Grosvenor Gardens ( for Victoria Rail and Tube Stations ) and Victoria Coach Station . 
You can take a journey of three hundred miles if you like . 
You can view artifacts from the Bronze Age , trace the history of the Easter Rising , or revisit Leopold Bloom 's odyssey in Ulysses .
With the Tunnel , you can commute to the City from France faster than from , say , Wiltshire or Dorset -- which are the in places to live at the moment . 
Walter and Marjory probably lived at Dundonald Castle and we can presume that before and after their marriage , Robert Bruce would visit the castle on his peregrinations in north and central Ayrshire . 
A pilgrimage to Salisbury can be as must a quest for Mrs Proudie as for that God to whom she was so imperious . 
A pilgrimage to Salisbury can be as must a quest for Mrs Proudie as for that God to whom she was so imperious . 
For an additional £145 visitors can opt to vacate their hotel rooms for a two-night safari . 
The Klausen Pass trip from Uri to Glarus can be made by a postbus service which operates July to September from Fluelen via Altdorf , the sector flurglen to Linthal being classed as a mountain postroad . 
Whole day cruises explore the islands once a week from Cannigione , and yacht trips are available too . 
From Lombok you can take a boat trip to the Gilies , three small coral-fringed islands that are a paradise for snorklers and divers . 
You can not traverse staircases safely in anything other than well-fitting slippers . 
The EC is broadly agreed to end the European single market in waste , wherein toxic materials traverse Europe in the search for the cheapest and least-regulated outlet , but can not agree on how to do it . 
From here you can choose either peak as your first , complete the ridge and return to the same point at the river , but it 's recommended that you traverse east to west taking in Sgurr Thuilm as Munro number one . 
There are only a few passes which remain open all year , although many smaller routes can be traversed freely throughout the summer months . 
If you stop here we can skirt round the fence . " 
It is in the descent of the Son to earth , and his return to the Father , that we learn how we too can relate to God 's happiness . 
A rat can learn to cross a barrier between one side of a box and the other in response to a signal which consists merely of the train of impulses to the hippocampus as the unconditioned stimulus . 
Private cars are not permitted to use the access road and indeed can not cross via the pedestrian ferry , but in summer months a minibus takes visitors from the ferry to the lighthouse , a service not operating to a timetable and needing to be confirmed by advance enquiry . 
The current can jump across the gap because the tip is so close .
These can pass from the maternal circulation across the placenta .
Which is why you can pass through two town gates within a minute .
The other is that the English landscape has never been static but has always been changing , for better or worse Today we are passing through a period which can perhaps be regarded as a disaster .
Dogs can easily leap over it or get in through the hedge on the south side .
The trendy logos mean they can sell in shops for up to £50 apiece ; but looks can be deceptive .
Playing down the trendy aspect of the restaurant , he suggests that it is a family place where locals can come to eat .
` Good looks or trendy clothes can be misleading .
The essential reasoning in these two cases is that section 7(4) can not bear two different constructions .
Or , Griffin said , the bombs are triggered with remote devices such as a car alarm , garage door opener or beeper , which can send voltage to the blasting cap.
To trigger the device , the guerrillas often use wire , hundreds of yards long , that can be activated from a distant lookout point , like the sloping ridge on the far edge of the cemetery .
The bombs , often buried in dirt roads , are equipped with sensitive pressure plates that can be triggered by the weight of a passerby .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
Yeah , yeah , I mean you 're - you 're in Dallas so - everybody - i ca n't believe they can , uh , like in a murder situations , they look for juries who do n't know anything about the system well or know anything about the - the - occurrence .
DHAKA , Bangladesh ( AP ) --- Former army officers can be tried in the 1975 murder of President Sheikh Mujibur Rahman during a coup , Bangladesh 's highest court ruled Tuesday .
The Tribunal can not try suspects in absentia , but can hold public hearings on charges against them as a means of gaining international condemnation of suspects .
There may be a hundred crimes in the background , but it is only on this one that they can be tried . "
You can try your luck at pari mutuel betting on jai-alai at pari mutuel , greyhound - racing at the Canidrome ( one of the largest in the world ) , and harness - racing on Taipa .
As you slowly lose weight you can programme little rewards for yourself , like a visit to the hairdresser for a restyle , new make-up , new glasses , a tour of the clothes shops to try out new styles , and so on .
Trying out new materials depends on what the artist wants to do and how the medium can be used to advantage ; at the same time it would be foolish to try to fit a new tool exactly into your pattern of work and thus limit it .
However , you are not likely to find bargains , and you should be aware that unless you are an expert , you can end up with a fake .
This rarer type of Down 's syndrome can happen whatever the mother 's age . 
At the back of this leaflet there is a list of organisations which can offer you help and advice , if you are in a relationship where there is a threat of violence or other types of abuse . 
If these terms cause difficulties , alternatives can be suggested once the kinds of contract which the Business normally enters into become clear to the Purchaser . 
We need additional confidence that China 's statements and actions will be sufficient for us to defend a certification of that kind ... we want to be sure that we 've done all we can to obtain the maximum level of cooperation from China on this subject. [ US Department of State , Daily Press Briefing , 14 October 1997 . ]
At Goodwill , it is the hard work of staff and those who benefit from our services that produces the kind of inspiring results I see every day : A Goodwill staff member addresses a group of welfare recipients : `` You can earn the money to support yourself and your family , '' she says .
You can also take a ferry to Macau to find an entirely different kind of city , a unique blend of Chinese and Iberian culture .
The third category of definition fails because musical types and practices , even those of the most minority sort , can never be wholly contained by particular social contexts . 
That is a monetary tightening of the most threatening sort , because central banks can do little about it . 
The only solution I can see is in future to save any pattern of this sort as a variety of widths . 
It is therefore vital that they are given the right sort of care , so they can grow up to be well developed and strong physically , mentally alert , contented and emotionally stable . 
You can get every variety of fork , weeder , hoe , trowel or rake with long , medium or short handles . 
If you buy the same make of jeans as your favourite film-star , you can imagine that you , too , are rich , talented and good-looking . 
If you are organising the list yourself , first draw up a master list of items stating their make , colour , price and where they can be bought . 
1 ) Voters can `` buy '' one of two brands when they select their political agents -- a Republican brand that believes in the minimalist state and in the virtues of private markets over the vices of public action , and a Democratic brand that believes in big government and in public intervention to remedy the excesses attendant to the pursuit of private interest .
They can take one of the following forms : 1- Steel pipes : Insert 4 inch pipes in the ground at 50 centimeters apart and a height of one meter then fill them with cement 2- Barrels : They are filled with cement and place around the building , especially at the entrance to prevent cars from crashing into it 3- Ditches : They are better than road bumps because they are harder to see .
Not only are we unable to prestate the configuration space of a biosphere and predict what will unfold , but we also can not even translatein the sense of necessary and sucient conditionsfrom legal talk to normal intentional talk , let alone from legal talk of Henderson found guilty of murder to a physical talk about sound-wave forms monitored and masses at space-time lines as a description .
If each operator has a property indicating that it can act as an embellishment on other operators , then we can use this fact to make the above parse as { & bold + } 2 in preference to the interpretation of & bold as a normal prefix operator .
We have tested 16 site-directed mutants of E. coli FtsZ for assembly and GTPase activity in vitro , and for whether they can function in vivo to complement ftsZ84 . Mutations on the front and back of the FtsZ protofilament were mostly benign : they had normal in vitro assembly , and could complement ftsZ84 . Several of these , however , had significantly reduced in vitro GTPase , demonstrating that the high level of GTPase is not essential for assembly or function in vivo .
Histological examination of the 'normal ' tissues indicates the presence of fibrocystic changes in many of the samples and therefore , although these changes are not uncommon in normal aging , they can not be classified as truly 'normal ' breast tissue .
If probe response factors can be calculated , the `` bad '' but `` stable '' probes can be scaled , and the distribution may be expected to be closer to normal , therefore expression levels and their uncertainties can be calculated in a more statistically sound manner .
Both can be overcoated with ordinary paint .
The Sword Masters are so superlatively trained that they can wield their mighty swords as fast as an ordinary warrior can use a normal sword .
Note , too , Johann Hummel 's curious study in perspective , a painting of the granite bowl which can still be seen in Berlin 's Lustgarten , in front of the Altes Museum .
It is just curious that what one might assume to be a fairly obvious coinage can not be documented to an earlier date .
Many can afford the rents but find themselves excluded -- often ostensibly because they have children .
These can be packed , almost as an afterthought , beneath a nicely arranged selection of fresh fruit , which is presented ostensibly as the main part of the gift .
Specifically , China reportedly has renewed negotiations on the construction of a graphite production facility , agreed to supply Iran with specialty steel , including the transfer of titanium - stabilized duplex steel , that can be used in the development of weapons of mass destruction .
No crimes are ever reported in the Magic Kingdom -- and it 's even rumoured that fatal heart attack victims are smuggled out so their deaths can be recorded off the park .
An examination of changes in personal staffing decisions in the Senate between 1986 and 1987 ( when control of that body changed party hands ) , moreover , reveals that the personal staffing differences noted in the table can not be attributed to the disproportionate control Democrats exercise , due to their majority-party status , over other resources such as committee staff .
This is vintage Saddam : over the past 21 years he has swung between killing Iraqi Kurds and offering them more self-rule than the Kurds in Turkey , Iran or Syria can dream of . 
The climate here can best be described as `` changeable '' and yet the sudden shifts from light to dark , sunshine to shower , are part of the city 's magic .
Dover is now proposing a third force that can genetically transform a species ; transforming not because of the external forces of selection or drift , but from within .
It is shown that while the dodecamer under investigation does not contain any B II junctions , the central CpG step can most easily undergo the transition .
In certain cases its cells undergo changes , which in time can lead to cancer .
These facilities and Iran 's overall program are currently undergoing close scrutiny by the international community and will likely remain so until controversy over the facilities ' purpose and capability can be resolved .
By two , most children can take off hats , shoes , socks , pants and vests , but they have trouble with sleeves , fastenings and bulky jackets because chubby hands are clumsy and uncoordinated . 
` So can I take the shoes off , Nana ? "
When you shoot you can discharge as many barrels as you wish , but you can not fire more than nine shots in the entire game . 
With the United States removed , at least temporarily , from the reprocessing marketplace , the possibility of the 450 spent fuel elements coming to Scotland should not and can not be dismissed .
Even fresh food can become depleted of vital nourishment such as vitamins , through incorrect storage , preparation and cooking .
Those who have no or only an inadequate contributions record , and those who have exhausted their rights to Unemployment Benefit , can make a claim for means-tested Supplementary Benefit .
The backs of pews were generally panelled which makes them super for panelling a whole room if you can get the quantity , given a bit of designing skill and reworking . 
just as irradiation has the potential to mislead the consumer about the quality of food on sale , so the use of cosmetic additives can dupe customers about the nutritional value of the food they are buying .
I can not overstate the value of spending some time with a competent goldpanner .
It can be a valuable exercise to sit down and work out just what you spend .
Moreover , they can furnish valuable bibliographical evidence .
We have shown that a single conservative amino acid change in a bacterial subtilisin enzyme can create a strong T cell epitope in our guinea pig model .
You can use contrasting thread to tone with a Fair Isle pattern in this case .
You can use your FlexiLoan to buy anything you like -- hi-fi system , video camera , kitchen equipment , sports gear , or even a holiday .
We can use such discussions to remind our children of the importance of personal hygiene -- washing hands after using the lavatory , before meals , especially after handling animals .
It can potentially be used as a tool to ensure the effective utilisation of information resources across information types and organisational peculiarities .
Can you help support this wonderful event by furnishing any type of products or services that can be used as prizes for our activities or as a raffle prize ?
Once planning and decision-making structures are in place and performance results can be used as part of the decision-making process , organizations are in a better position to ensure that goals and objectives clearly link and align with IT performance measures .
Researchers can now identify promising protein targets and small sets of chemicals , including good lead compounds , using computation alone .
This suggests that changes in gene expression smaller than the ± 2-fold commonly used can be reliably identified as differential expression .
It works with a hard disk or with a set of floppies and can be used with 29 popular word-processing programs .
oy vay; oy vay in mir literally , `` Oh , pain , '' but , in its long or short form , can be used for anything from condolence to lament:
I hope my definition of an autonomous agent is useful , an autocatalytic system carrying out a work cycle , now rather broadened by the realization that autonomous agents also do often detect and measure and record displacements of external systems from equilibrium that can be used to extract work , then do extract work , propagating work and constraint construction , from their environment .
Much of it , of course , using the standards of top newspapers , can not be used since it is largely gossip we are repeating , although it certainly could make for some very good stories .
Much of it , of course , using the standards of top newspapers , can not be used since it is largely gossip we are repeating , although it certainly could make for some very good stories .
Skilled ringers use their wrists to advance or retard the next swing , so that one bell can swap places with another in the following change .
Early 1990s , According to the British Observer , the British government exported chemicals to Iran that can be used to manufacture weapons .
Specifically , China reportedly has renewed negotiations on the construction of a graphite production facility , agreed to supply Iran with specialty steel , including the transfer of titanium - stabilized duplex steel , that can be used in the development of weapons of mass destruction .
Although technically sub - optimal , even reactor - grade plutonium can be used as fissile material in nuclear weapons .
An advanced weapons program would require the capability to manufacture tritium , a radioactive gas that can be used to enhance the explosive power of nuclear weapons , for fabrication of boosted - yield weapons .
Much of it , of course , using the standards of top newspapers , can not be used since it is largely gossip we are repeating , although it certainly could make for some very good stories .
`` It was very , very important '' to compel Iraq to rid itself of weapons of mass destruction so that `` it can not use or export them to other countries , '' he told Associated Press Television News .
The area patrol is different from the single patrol in that : 1- It has a vehicle equipped with a machine gun 2- It can use horses to canvass the area , but the patrol should be formed of 2 or 3 people at least
You can use your Hong Kong dollars here , so there 's no need to change currency .
These pleasant , but expensive , outings can lay the foundation for your own explorations aboard the cheap but usually comfortable ferries used by the islanders themselves .
Macau 's own currency , the pataca , is pegged to the Hong Kong dollar , and you can use your Hong Kong currency freely in Macau .
The repeater bolt thrower has a crew of two models and if one crewman is slain then the remaining crewman can continue to operate the machine without any reduction in performance .
Many hauliers have spent years operating vehicles actually owned by the haulage company , but the benefits of expanding business using some form of contract hire agreement can not be ignored .
This can be repeated at the start of every session of leash training : hold the leash in your right hand and then apply a light touch with your left hand .
Imports such as thiodyglycol and thionyl chloride can be applied towards legitimate purposes such as dyes , textiles , and pesticides or can be diverted towards an illicit CW program .
Dr ` Bothwell " Because we 're so over-burdened by relative trivia and social problems , we can not utilise the skills for which we 're trained … we 're trained to treat medical problems …
There would be every justification to grant-aid this type of work , leaving developers and speculators to concentrate on additional building when they see that they can utilise the facilities throughout the year .
The budget can therefore be usefully utilized as a control mechanism by management in the reporting of external results .
Therefore , we are asking you to donate 45 , $10 gift certificates that can be used toward the purchase of school supplies or clothing , in the total amount of $450 .
They can take one of the following forms : 1- Steel pipes : Insert 4 inch pipes in the ground at 50 centimeters apart and a height of one meter then fill them with cement 2- Barrels : They are filled with cement and place around the building , especially at the entrance to prevent cars from crashing into it 3- Ditches : They are better than road bumps because they are harder to see .
The distance between the first and fourth bump should be 100 meters , and the distance between the fourth and the sixth should be 50 meters , so cars can not travel fast in the direction of the building 5- Barbed Wires : They should be placed around the building , around the walls , or on top of the walls 6- Nails Obstacle : These are placed at the main gate in order to puncture the tires of any car crashing in
Leitenberg , who has worked on arms control and chemical and biological weapons issues for 40 years , told UPI that `` a best case scenario '' might kill most of the inhabitants of a subway car , but added `` every calculation ( one can make about casualties ) relies on a whole series of assumptions . ''
From the ferry terminals on Hong Kong Island you can escape to islands without cars or cares , where the local people smile `` hello '' and , if you 're lucky , point you to a secret beach for the ultimate in quality leisure time .
` At least six per cent said they would use the bus less often and I do not know of any business in this town which can afford to throw away six per cent of its income . " 
The potential of the new trucks will remain limited until their weight can be brought down .
But at the moment it 's also one of the only ways I can steer the bike , especially in faster corners .
Can one only get it fresh when the ferry comes over ? "
You can also take a ferry to Macau to find an entirely different kind of city , a unique blend of Chinese and Iberian culture .
These pleasant , but expensive , outings can lay the foundation for your own explorations aboard the cheap but usually comfortable ferries used by the islanders themselves .
From the ferry terminals on Hong Kong Island you can escape to islands without cars or cares , where the local people smile `` hello '' and , if you 're lucky , point you to a secret beach for the ultimate in quality leisure time .
You can catch one of Hong Kong 's historic trams along Des Voeux Road and ride from Central to Causeway Bay ( see box , page 66 ) .
Most small aeroplanes have an average airspeed of about 90 mph , and can fly much more slowly if necessary to apply rallying techniques to aerial navigation ( i.e. when the viz gets a bit iffy . )
The 2nd Cavalry Regiment [ at Fort Lewis ] recently received three vehicles that can detect radiation or biological and chemical hazards while keeping the soldiers safe inside .
The area patrol is different from the single patrol in that : 1- It has a vehicle equipped with a machine gun 2- It can use horses to canvass the area , but the patrol should be formed of 2 or 3 people at least
, and is your argument that we find and hold against their retrospective because there is some , at least plausible basis should so argument , to say that there can be a causal connection between the retrospective extension and some benefit that can be traced to those particular works through the retrospective extension , like dissemination ? Is
A defendant who pleads that he was erroneously convicted is putting up a positive case and can be asked for particulars . 
As Ammianus ironically remarks , there are few who can remember any acquittals under Constantius . 
In January 2004 , a delegation of American private citizens confirmed that the cannisters in the temporary storage pond were empty .
Now look here , if you honestly think that I 'm going down to the police station and verifying a story like that then you can think again !
Either Lorna or you can testify : she can verify the purpose of that list ; you can bear witness about Brimmer 's death squads .
Since Mrs Rose is dead these stories can not be verified .
This difficulty is compounded by the fact that much of the information can be directly traced back to just a handful of sources , none of which can be independently verified .
Most of these claims can not be verified in open sources .
This allegation was brought forth mostly by US government sources and can not be verified .
Although US and Israeli intelligence agencies continue to insist Iran maintains a stockpile of chemical weapons , no challenge inspections of Iranian facilities have been requested , and none of the allegations made regarding the stockpiling of CW can be verified in the unclassified domain .
Only thus can there be confirmation that the patient can not in fact sustain his own vital functions .
We can identify three kinds of sentence which are considered wrong , in addition to those with writing errors of spelling and punctuation .
After the doctor has certified the cause of death , the body can be washed , dressed in whatever clothes are desired and hair brushed .
The applicant is required to certify that he has taken nature conservation into account when implementing his scheme , even though the average farmer can not be expected to be capable of assessing such impacts .
The sanctions can not be lifted until U.N. inspectors certify that Iraq has eliminated its weapons of mass destruction and the means to produce them .
Independent experts said the comparatively low level of violence during Ramadan can be attributed to overall security improvements .
The individual artisans ' shops are no longer here , but you can visit a silk - weaving factory , a ceramics plant , and the Foshan Folk Art Studio , where you can observe workers making Chinese lanterns , carving sculptures , painting scrolls , and cutting intricate designs in paper .
You can view artifacts from the Bronze Age , trace the history of the Easter Rising , or revisit Leopold Bloom 's odyssey in Ulysses .
As an academic critic and university teacher specializing in modern literature and literary theory , I spend much or my time these days reading books and articles that I can barely understand and that cause my wife ( a graduate with a good honours degree in English language and literature ) to utter loud cries of pain and nausea if her eye happens to fall on them .
The banshee 's lamentations are in a language no-one can understand , and her cry is an appalling blend of a wild goose 's screech , the screams of an abandoned child and the howl of a wolf . 
Creaks and squeaks in plumbing pipes can be caused by hot water or central heating pipes expanding as they heat up . 
Gandalf says as much at II , 99 , though he is laconic about it — ‘ I sat in a high place ( the great tree in Lothlórien ? ] , and I strove with the Dark Tower ’ — since Aragorn and the others he is addressing can have no idea what is being referred to . 
The chatty man on the phone had suggested : ` You can tell me what you think about the redecorations " . 
And now , with three new , upbeat films and a maturity beyond her years , the gushy , charming Barrymore is finally the kind of girl you can bring home to mother .
Anger and impulse do n't seem to be a part of his make-up : when he parodies the swaggering Hotspur , we can already see the fastidious distaste for self-dramatisation that will make him disown Falstaff , just as , when he imitates his father , we can see the strength this quiet man derives from the stately deliberation of majesty .
Of course , this is unlikely -- a motormouth can not be `` quiet and mysterious '' forever , timer or no timer , and The Rules ' blithe assurance that Mr. Right , reeled in by your `` friendly , light , and breezy '' persona , will accept your edgy , insecure , and engulfing true self is , perhaps , the cruelest fantasy in the book .
Said is quiet on how Palestinians and Israelis can be persuaded even to consider such a reconciliation .
I ca n't wait to get Alzheimer 's so I can watch Buffy again like it was the first time .
WILL TURNER : Well , we ca n't just sit here and wait then , can we ?
This sleep can be quite prolonged ; my own son , when he was three , awoke screaming in the early hours one night with a very high fever and typical picture of Belladonna . 
It might help you to doze off but you will probably find that you wake during the night and can not get back to sleep again . 
If you can get up early enough , you can attend the pre-dawn auction held at the vast local wholesale fish market ; otherwise , have a look at the street market that goes on later in the day .
Even when devolved to team manager level , teams can ` go broke " and a certain amount of chaos ensues . 
In addition to income support many old people can claim housing benefits but there is always anxiety that some of the most needy old people will fail to take advantage of their rights . 
I am a poor man but we can possibly come to some arrangement . 
I may add that he is enormously rich , and whatever his whims may be he can very easily satisfy them .
The next step , which only the most well-off men such as restaurant owners can afford , is keeping this wife in semi-purdah -- in other words sentencing her to solitary confinement . 
Meanwhile in Brownsville , Texas , townsfolk anxiously await an invasion no amount of six-shooters can repel -- the coming of a particularly nasty strain of killer bee , whose sting is nearly ten times more deadly than the ` common or garden " variety . 
` It is a police requirement that you have to be an active member of a club before you can be recommended to apply to purchase a firearm . " 
The area patrol is different from the single patrol in that : 1- It has a vehicle equipped with a machine gun 2- It can use horses to canvass the area , but the patrol should be formed of 2 or 3 people at least
And to a former federal bomb investigator , that description suggests a powerful military-style plastic explosive C-4 that can be cut or molded into different shapes . 
Officials also claim that Iran has produced bombs and artillery rounds filled with these agents , and that it can probably deploy chemical warheads on its long - range missiles .
Officials also claim that Iran has produced bombs and artillery rounds filled with these agents , and that it can probably deploy chemical warheads on its long - range missiles .
Early 1990s , According to the British Observer , the British government exported chemicals to Iran that can be used to manufacture weapons .
The acquisition and creation of these various weapon systems can also be seen as a response to Iran 's own experience as a victim of chemical and missile attacks during the Iran - Iraq War .
Tajikistan can manufacture uranium oxide but can not enrich it to levels needed for reactors or weapons .
Weapons programs can be based on indigenous ( i.e. , domestic ) production capabilities , or they can rely on foreign supplies and technologies .
An advanced weapons program would require the capability to manufacture tritium , a radioactive gas that can be used to enhance the explosive power of nuclear weapons , for fabrication of boosted - yield weapons .
Determining how many nuclear weapons a country can produce with a given amount of fissile material requires knowing the technological sophistication of the country and the explosive yield of the weapons .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
Although Adams called for unionists to come and negotiate , he said nothing about Britain 's insistence that Sinn Fein can not come to the table until the IRA starts disposing of its weapons .
The Brady bill requires only a seven-day wait to purchase handguns , so that the authorities can run a background check on would-be buyers ; and the bill was first introduced six years ago . 
Officials also claim that Iran has produced bombs and artillery rounds filled with these agents , and that it can probably deploy chemical warheads on its long - range missiles .
The acquisition and creation of these various weapon systems can also be seen as a response to Iran 's own experience as a victim of chemical and missile attacks during the Iran - Iraq War .
The Tien Chi , first test - fired in 1997 , is a solid - fueled , two - stage missile with a 300 km range that can reach China 's southeastern coast .
China 's missiles are operated by the Second Artillery Corps , and include about 650 DF -11 ( M-11 ) and DF-15 ( M-9 ) missiles opposite Taiwan ; several dozens of DF -3 , DF -4 , and DF -21 medium - range missiles that can reach Japan , India , and Russia ; and 18-24 DF -5 ICBMs that can reach the United States and Europe .
` I have heard how in Spain there are beggar children so skilled with the garrotte they can kill a fully grown man in a matter of seconds . 
Although US and Israeli intelligence agencies continue to insist Iran maintains a stockpile of chemical weapons , no challenge inspections of Iranian facilities have been requested , and none of the allegations made regarding the stockpiling of CW can be verified in the unclassified domain .
Chemical weapon projectiles contain a blasting tube which can be seen in an X-ray .
QN : Is Russia producing chemical weapons that can be concealed easily ?
Unlike nuclear or chemical weapons , biological weapons can be made with readily available materials or equipment .
Leitenberg , who has worked on arms control and chemical and biological weapons issues for 40 years , told UPI that `` a best case scenario '' might kill most of the inhabitants of a subway car , but added `` every calculation ( one can make about casualties ) relies on a whole series of assumptions . ''
Taiwan is currently developing the Tien Chi , a short-range ballistic missile system that can reach the coast of China .
Unlike nuclear or chemical weapons , biological weapons can be made with readily available materials or equipment .
Leitenberg , who has worked on arms control and chemical and biological weapons issues for 40 years , told UPI that `` a best case scenario '' might kill most of the inhabitants of a subway car , but added `` every calculation ( one can make about casualties ) relies on a whole series of assumptions . ''
Can Iran produce nuclear weapons with its nuclear infrastructure ?
Hamyan Vahdati , who is said to be heading Iran 's nuclear program , says that no country can be taken seriously without a nuclear research program , and that Iran wants to have the technology and knowledge to make nuclear weapons in case it needs them ( 7284 ) .
Although technically sub - optimal , even reactor - grade plutonium can be used as fissile material in nuclear weapons .
An advanced weapons program would require the capability to manufacture tritium , a radioactive gas that can be used to enhance the explosive power of nuclear weapons , for fabrication of boosted - yield weapons .
Determining how many nuclear weapons a country can produce with a given amount of fissile material requires knowing the technological sophistication of the country and the explosive yield of the weapons .
Unlike nuclear or chemical weapons , biological weapons can be made with readily available materials or equipment .
QN : Can nuclear weapons be made with readily available materials or equipment ?
Imports such as thiodyglycol and thionyl chloride can be applied towards legitimate purposes such as dyes , textiles , and pesticides or can be diverted towards an illicit CW program .
Based on such information , some idea of Iran 's CW status can be ascertained .
Although US and Israeli intelligence agencies continue to insist Iran maintains a stockpile of chemical weapons , no challenge inspections of Iranian facilities have been requested , and none of the allegations made regarding the stockpiling of CW can be verified in the unclassified domain .
Specifically , China reportedly has renewed negotiations on the construction of a graphite production facility , agreed to supply Iran with specialty steel , including the transfer of titanium - stabilized duplex steel , that can be used in the development of weapons of mass destruction .
`` It was very , very important '' to compel Iraq to rid itself of weapons of mass destruction so that `` it can not use or export them to other countries , '' he told Associated Press Television News .
The sanctions can not be lifted until U.N. inspectors certify that Iraq has eliminated its weapons of mass destruction and the means to produce them .
Can you fight with a sword , or use a bow ?
At least we can use bows out there . "
CBW can have a greater psychological impact than conventional explosives , as suggested by the 2001 anthrax letter attacks , which killed only five people but frightened millions of Americans .
And to a former federal bomb investigator , that description suggests a powerful military-style plastic explosive C-4 that can be cut or molded into different shapes . 
Syria has a small nuclear program that can be described , at best , as `` elemental '' to a nuclear fuel cycle program .
Leitenberg , who has worked on arms control and chemical and biological weapons issues for 40 years , told UPI that `` a best case scenario '' might kill most of the inhabitants of a subway car , but added `` every calculation ( one can make about casualties ) relies on a whole series of assumptions . ''
China 's missiles are operated by the Second Artillery Corps , and include about 650 DF -11 ( M-11 ) and DF-15 ( M-9 ) missiles opposite Taiwan ; several dozens of DF -3 , DF -4 , and DF -21 medium - range missiles that can reach Japan , India , and Russia ; and 18-24 DF -5 ICBMs that can reach the United States and Europe .
The acquisition and creation of these various weapon systems can also be seen as a response to Iran 's own experience as a victim of chemical and missile attacks during the Iran - Iraq War .
I think I caught her on the hop , for she was wearing trousers and sandals and … no , I can not remember what else … . 
We can easily picture the respectably dressed girl , swinging her skirts as she approached , and as she not-quite-accidentally brushed the ` common " girls to one side . 
Their bodies , although all different , had a sort of common denominator ugliness which only a group of undressed men can produce . 
The victim was being coaxed by a trained woman detective at her hospital bedside in the hope that her masked attacker can be identified . 
Moreover , pulling the foil tops off the spray containers can be very awkward with gloved hands , as many sprayer operators will ruefully admit . 
I can remember my mother telling me that he used to look out of his bedroom window many times during stormy nights . 
The report into the East Midlands Electricity Company , in the light of the severe storms of 1990 , has been made widely available so that other electricity companies can learn from that experience . 
The climate here can best be described as `` changeable '' and yet the sudden shifts from light to dark , sunshine to shower , are part of the city 's magic .
Occasional hurricanes can spoil the idyllic climate and contribute to this `` laid back '' attitude : Jamaicans are aware that circumstances can suddenly alter dramatically and yet life will always carry on .
Overall , civil servants are loath to disturb good relations with well-established bodies that can
I realise that you can never really win against the water ; it will always triumph in the end , seeping and soaking and building up and undermining and overflowing .
Within a few yards of the summit you can find fir clubmoss huperzia selago , and mountain azalea loiseleuria procumbens , both delightful finds for the plant hunter .
At present , the scanner has to be held within inches of the dog , but research work is continuing to produce an effective reading device which can be operated from a much greater distance away .
Roughly , you can take it as synonymous with " describe and discuss " . 
The question can be answered by using homophones : printed words with the same pronunciations but different spellings and different meanings , such as frays and phrase . 
You can work towards a degree or diploma over a period of years -- or choose single courses lasting a few weeks or months , from an enormous list of topics ranging from childcare to computer science .
I made a new distinction between measurements the demon might make that reveal features of nonequilibrium systems that can be used to extract work , and measurements he might make of the nonequilibrium system that can not be used to extract work .
Listening demands concentration , a focus of attention ; it costs effort , it can be hard work , much harder work when there is a hearing loss .
I made a new distinction between measurements the demon might make that reveal features of nonequilibrium systems that can be used to extract work , and measurements he might make of the nonequilibrium system that can not be used to extract work .
Zoning Enforcement Officer Ron Discher reported that the farm has stopped work on the paddock , an enclosed area where horses can graze and be mounted .
And , in turn , how does work actually come to be extracted by devices that measure and detect displacements from equilibrium from which work can , in principle , be obtained ?
In addition , the Administration 's emphasis on workforce planning and restructuring will require federal agencies to examine how they can flatten their organizational hierarchy and improve their work processes .
But the American troops manning this base in eastern Afghanistan know that their elusive nighttime foe can slip away to sanctuary in Pakistan , just 20 miles away .
You made a lucky guess ; and _that_ is all that can be said ."
" Emma never thinks of herself , if she can do good to others ," rejoined Mr . Woodhouse , understanding but in part .
Depend upon it , a man of six or seven - and - twenty can take care of himself ."
She lived with her single daughter in a very small way , and was considered with all the regard and respect which a harmless old lady , under such untoward circumstances , can excite .
He had never heard of such books before I mentioned them , but he is determined to get them now as soon as ever he can ."
The yeomanry are precisely the order of people with whom I feel I can have nothing to do .
But a farmer can need none of my help , and is , therefore , in one sense , as much above my notice as in every other he is below it ."
" Well , and that is as early as most men can afford to marry , who are not born to an independence .
There can be no doubt of your being a gentleman ' s daughter , and you must support your claim to that station by every thing within your own power , or there will be plenty of people who would take pleasure in degrading you ."
But while I visit at Hartfield , and you are so kind to me , Miss Woodhouse , I am not afraid of what any body can do ."
But if he marries a very ignorant , vulgar woman , certainly I had better not visit her , if I can help it ."
You are so much used to live alone , that you do not know the value of a companion ; and , perhaps no man can be a good judge of the comfort a woman feels in the society of one of her own sex , after being used to it all her life .
I can imagine your objection to Harriet Smith .
" I dare say ," replied Mrs . Weston , smiling , " that I thought so _then_ ;-- but since we have parted , I can never remember Emma ' s omitting to do any thing I wished ."
How can Emma imagine she has any thing to learn herself , while Harriet is presenting such a delightful inferiority ?
Can you imagine any thing nearer perfect beauty than Emma altogether -- face and figure ?"
" I know that you all love her really too well to be unjust or unkind ; but excuse me , Mr . Knightley , if I take the liberty ( I consider myself , you know , as having somewhat of the privilege of speech that Emma ' s mother might have had ) the liberty of hinting that I do not think any possible good can arise from Harriet Smith ' s intimacy being made a matter of much discussion among you .
" There does , indeed , seem as little to tempt her to break her resolution at present ," said Mrs . Weston , " as can well be ; and while she is so happy at Hartfield , I cannot wish her to be forming any attachment which would be creating such difficulties on poor Mr . Woodhouse ' s account .
" Well , if you give me such kind encouragement , Mr . Elton , I believe I shall try what I can do .
She was so eager to have them drawn that I could not refuse ; but there is no making children of three or four years old stand still you know ; nor can it be very easy to take any likeness of them , beyond the air and complexion , unless they are coarser featured than any of mama ' s children ever were .
He will connect himself well if he can ."
I can hardly imagine the young man whom I saw talking with you the other day could express himself so well , if left quite to his own powers , and yet it is not the style of a woman ; no , certainly , it is too strong and concise ; not diffuse enough for a woman .
If she can hesitate as to ` Yes ,' she ought to say ` No ' directly .
" Miss Woodhouse , as you will not give me your opinion , I must do as well as I can by myself ; and I have now quite determined , and really almost made up my mind -- to refuse Mr . Martin .
A woman is not to marry a man merely because she is asked , or because he is attached to her , and can write a tolerable letter ."
The attentions of a certain person can hardly be among the tittle - tattle of Highbury yet .
As the sun is out , I believe I had better take my three turns while I can .
I can think of but one thing -- Who is in love with her ?
At her age she can have no experience , and with her little wit , is not very likely ever to have any that can avail her .
She is not to pay for the offence of others , by being held below the level of those with whom she is brought up .-- There can scarcely be a doubt that her father is a gentleman -- and a gentleman of fortune .-- Her allowance is very liberal ; nothing has ever been grudged for her improvement or comfort .-- That she is a gentleman ' s daughter , is indubitable to me ; that she associates with gentlemen ' s daughters , no one , I apprehend , will deny .-- She is superior to Mr . Robert Martin ."
After receiving a very indifferent education she is left in Mrs . Goddard ' s hands to shift as she can ;-- to move , in short , in Mrs . Goddard ' s line , to have Mrs . Goddard ' s acquaintance .
" We think so very differently on this point , Mr . Knightley , that there can be no use in canvassing it .
I can imagine , that before she had seen any body superior , she might tolerate him .
" Robert Martin has no great loss -- if he can but think so ; and I hope it will not be long before he does .
He is as well acquainted with his own claims , as you can be with Harriet ' s .
" What can it be , Miss Woodhouse ?-- what can it be ?
What can it possibly be ?
Can it be woman ?
Can it be Neptune ?
That is _ship_ ;-- plain as it can be .-- Now for the cream .
There can be no doubt of its being written for you and to you ."
This , Harriet , is an alliance which can never raise a blush in either of us ."
Miss Woodhouse , what can we do about that ?"
Give me the book , I will write it down , and then there can be no possible reflection on you ."
It is such a pretty charade , my dear , that I can easily guess what fairy brought it .-- Nobody could have written so prettily , but you , Emma ."
But I can remember nothing ;-- not even that particular riddle which you have heard me mention ; I can only recollect the first stanza ; and there are several .
And that is all that I can recollect of it -- but it is very clever all the way through .
Mr . John Knightley must be in town again on the 28th , and we ought to be thankful , papa , that we are to have the whole of the time they can give to the country , that two or three days are not to be taken out for the Abbey .
" Harriet must give us as much of her company as she can while my brother and sister are here .
They will come and stand by my chair , and say , ` Grandpapa , can you give me a bit of string ?'
He wishes his boys to be active and hardy ; and if they misbehave , can give them a sharp word now and then ; but he is an affectionate father -- certainly Mr . John Knightley is an affectionate father .
But between _us_ , I am convinced there never can be any likeness , except in being unmarried ."
And the distinction is not quite so much against the candour and common sense of the world as appears at first ; for a very narrow income has a tendency to contract the mind , and sour the temper .
Those who can barely live , and who live perforce in a very small , and generally very inferior , society , may well be illiberal and cross .
There will be enough of them , in all probability , to supply every sort of sensation that declining life can need .
There will be enough for every hope and every fear ; and though my attachment to none can equal that of a parent , it suits my ideas of comfort better than what is warmer and blinder .
How trifling they make every thing else appear !-- I feel now as if I could think of nothing but these poor creatures all the rest of the day ; and yet , who can say how soon it may all vanish from my mind ?"
one can think of nothing else ."
If we feel for the wretched , enough to do all we can for them , the rest is empty sympathy , only distressing to ourselves ."
As for Isabella , she has been married long enough to see the convenience of putting all the Mr . Westons aside as much as she can ."
" Me , my love ," cried his wife , hearing and understanding only in part .-- " Are you talking about me ?-- I am sure nobody ought to be , or can be , a greater advocate for matrimony than I am ; and if it had not been for the misery of her leaving Hartfield , I should never have thought of Miss Taylor but as the most fortunate woman in the world ; and as to slighting Mr . Weston , that excellent Mr . Weston , I think there is nothing he does not deserve .
I shall never forget his flying Henry ' s kite for him that very windy day last Easter -- and ever since his particular kindness last September twelvemonth in writing that note , at twelve o ' clock at night , on purpose to assure me that there was no scarlet fever at Cobham , I have been convinced there could not be a more feeling heart nor a better man in existence .-- If any body can deserve him , it must be Miss Taylor ."
Nobody is healthy in London , nobody can be .
He paused -- and growing cooler in a moment , added , with only sarcastic dryness , " If Mr . Perry can tell me how to convey a wife and five children a distance of an hundred and thirty miles with no greater expense or inconvenience than a distance of forty , I should be as willing to prefer Cromer to South End as he could himself ."
he can see ready wit in Harriet , but will not dine alone for her ."
With men he can be rational and unaffected , but when he has ladies to please , every feature works ."
It is the greatest absurdity -- Actually snowing at this moment !-- The folly of not allowing people to be comfortable at home -- and the folly of people ' s not staying comfortably at home when they can !
If we were obliged to go out such an evening as this , by any call of duty or business , what a hardship we should deem it ;-- and here are we , probably with rather thinner clothing than usual , setting forward voluntarily , without excuse , in defiance of the voice of nature , which tells man , in every thing given to his view or his feelings , to stay at home himself , and keep all under shelter that he can ;-- here are we setting forward to spend five dull hours in another man ' s house , with nothing to say or to hear that was not said and heard yesterday , and may not be said and heard again to - morrow .
Emma smiled and answered --" My visit was of use to the nervous part of her complaint , I hope ; but not even I can charm away a sore throat ; it is a most severe cold indeed .
One is so fenced and guarded from the weather , that not a breath of air can find its way unpermitted .
Instead of forgetting him , his behaviour was such that she could not avoid the internal suggestion of " Can it really be as my brother imagined ?
can it be possible for this man to be beginning to transfer his affections from Harriet to me ?-- Absurd and insufferable !"
In short , I can feel no dependence on his coming , and I wish Mr . Weston were less sanguine ."
" If he could stay only a couple of days , he ought to come ; and one can hardly conceive a young man ' s not having it in his power to do as much as that .
" One ought to be at Enscombe , and know the ways of the family , before one decides upon what he can do ," replied Mrs . Weston .
Another hour or two ' s snow can hardly make the road impassable ; and we are two carriages ; if one is blown over in the bleak part of the common field there will be the other at hand .
" You had better order the carriage directly , my love ," said she ; " I dare say we shall be able to get along , if we set off directly ; and if we do come to any thing very bad , I can get out and walk .
and I can account for it only in one way ; you are not yourself , or you could not speak either to me , or of Harriet , in such a manner .
Mr . Elton , my astonishment is much beyond any thing I can express .
cried Mr . Elton , " what can be the meaning of this ?-- Miss Smith !-- I never thought of Miss Smith in the whole course of my existence -- never paid her any attentions , but as your friend : never cared whether she were dead or alive , but as your friend .
who can think of Miss Smith , when Miss Woodhouse is near !
This proves that he can leave the Churchills ."
" Yes , sometimes he can ."
Nobody , who has not been in the interior of a family , can say what the difficulties of any individual of that family may be .
We ought to be acquainted with Enscombe , and with Mrs . Churchill ' s temper , before we pretend to decide upon what her nephew can do .
He may , at times , be able to do a great deal more than he can at others ."
" There is one thing , Emma , which a man can always do , if he chuses , and that is , his duty ; not by manoeuvring and finessing , but by vigour and resolution .
Mr . Frank Churchill to be making such a speech as that to the uncle and aunt , who have brought him up , and are to provide for him !-- Standing up in the middle of the room , I suppose , and speaking as loud as he could !-- How can you imagine such conduct practicable ?"
He would feel himself in the right ; and the declaration -- made , of course , as a man of sense would make it , in a proper manner -- would do him more good , raise him higher , fix his interest stronger with the people he depended on , than all that a line of shifts and expedients can ever do .
I can imagine , that if you , as you are , Mr . Knightley , were to be transported and placed all at once in Mr . Frank Churchill ' s situation , you would be able to say and do just what you have been recommending for him ; and it might have a very good effect .
He may have as strong a sense of what would be right , as you can have , without being so equal , under particular circumstances , to act up to it ."
I can allow for the fears of the child , but not of the man .
He can sit down and write a fine flourishing letter , full of professions and falsehoods , and persuade himself that he has hit upon the very best method in the world of preserving peace at home and preventing his father ' s having any right to complain .
They hardly can satisfy a woman of her good sense and quick feelings : standing in a mother ' s place , but without a mother ' s affection to blind her .
Can you think your friend behindhand in these sort of considerations ?
No , Emma , your amiable young man can be amiable only in French , not in English .
He may be very ` aimable ,' have very good manners , and be very agreeable ; but he can have no English delicacy towards the feelings of other people : nothing really amiable about him ."
" My idea of him is , that he can adapt his conversation to the taste of every body , and has the power as well as the wish of being universally agreeable .
Whenever she is with us , Mrs . Cole does not know how to shew her kindness enough ; and I must say that Jane deserves it as much as any body can .
I was reading it to Mrs . Cole , and since she went away , I was reading it again to my mother , for it is such a pleasure to her -- a letter from Jane -- that she can never hear it often enough ; so I knew it could not be far off , and here it is , only just under my huswife -- and since you are so kind as to wish to hear what she says ;-- but , first of all , I really must , in justice to Jane , apologise for her writing so short a letter -- only two pages you see -- hardly two -- and in general she fills the whole paper and crosses half .
My mother often wonders that I can make it out so well .
And , indeed , though my mother ' s eyes are not so good as they were , she can see amazingly well still , thank God !
I am sure she will be as happy to see her friends at Highbury , as they can be to see her .
They want her ( Mr . and Mrs . Dixon ) excessively to come over with Colonel and Mrs . Campbell ; quite depend upon it ; nothing can be more kind or pressing than their _joint_ invitation , Jane says , as you will hear presently ; Mr . Dixon does not seem in the least backward in any attention .
Ever since the service he rendered Jane at Weymouth , when they were out in that party on the water , and she , by the sudden whirling round of something or other among the sails , would have been dashed into the sea at once , and actually was all but gone , if he had not , with the greatest presence of mind , caught hold of her habit -- ( I can never think of it without trembling !)
Well , now I have just given you a hint of what Jane writes about , we will turn to her letter , and I am sure she tells her own story a great deal better than I can tell it for her ."
Her disposition and abilities were equally worthy of all that friendship could do ; and at eighteen or nineteen she was , as far as such an early age can be qualified for the care of children , fully competent to the office of instruction herself ; but she was too much beloved to be parted with .
They had music ; Emma was obliged to play ; and the thanks and praise which necessarily followed appeared to her an affectation of candour , an air of greatness , meaning only to shew off in higher style her own very superior performance .
and I have often wished -- but it is so little one can venture to do -- small , trifling presents , of any thing uncommon -- Now we have killed a porker , and Emma thinks of sending them a loin or a leg ; it is very small and delicate -- Hartfield pork is not like any other pork -- but still it is pork -- and , my dear Emma , unless one could be sure of their making it into steaks , nicely fried , as ours are fried , without the smallest grease , and not roast it , for no stomach can bear roast pork -- I think we had better send the leg -- do not you think so , my dear ?"
" As to who , or what Miss Hawkins is , or how long he has been acquainted with her ," said Emma , " nothing I suppose can be known .
By that time , it was beginning to hold up , and I was determined that nothing should stop me from getting away -- and then -- only think !-- I found he was coming up towards me too -- slowly you know , and as if he did not quite know what to do ; and so he came and spoke , and I answered -- and I stood for a minute , feeling dreadfully , you know , one can ' t tell how ; and then I took courage , and said it did not rain , and I must go ; and so off I set ; and I had not got three yards from the door , when he came after me , only to say , if I was going to Hartfield , he thought I had much better go round by Mr . Cole ' s stables , for I should find the near way quite floated by this rain .
" It might be distressing , for the moment ," said she ; " but you seem to have behaved extremely well ; and it is over -- and may never -- can never , as a first meeting , occur again , and therefore you need not think about it ."
" It is a great pleasure where one can indulge in it ," said the young man , " though there are not many houses that I should presume on so far ; but in coming _home_ I felt I might do any thing ."
" My dear sir , upon no account in the world ; my father can direct me ."
" But your father is not going so far ; he is only going to the Crown , quite on the other side of the street , and there are a great many houses ; you might be very much at a loss , and it is a very dirty walk , unless you keep on the footpath ; but my coachman can tell you where you had best cross the street ."
" Ill , very ill -- that is , if a young lady can ever be allowed to look ill .
Ladies can never look ill . And , seriously , Miss Fairfax is naturally so pale , as almost always to give the appearance of ill health .-- A most deplorable want of complexion ."
I can only say that there was smoothness outwardly .
But you , who have known Miss Fairfax from a child , must be a better judge of her character , and of how she is likely to conduct herself in critical situations , than I can be ."
In general he was judged , throughout the parishes of Donwell and Highbury , with great candour ; liberal allowances were made for the little excesses of such a handsome young man -- one who smiled so often and bowed so well ; but there was one spirit among them not to be softened , from its power of censure , by bows or smiles -- Mr . Knightley .
" Well , sir ," cried Mr . Weston , " as I took Miss Taylor away , it is incumbent on me to supply her place , if I can ; and I will step to Mrs . Goddard in a moment , if you wish it ."
" One can suppose nothing else ," added Mrs . Cole , " and I was only surprized that there could ever have been a doubt .
and it was but yesterday I was telling Mr . Cole , I really was ashamed to look at our new grand pianoforte in the drawing - room , while I do not know one note from another , and our little girls , who are but just beginning , perhaps may never make any thing of it ; and there is poor Jane Fairfax , who is mistress of music , has not any thing of the nature of an instrument , not even the pitifullest old spinet in the world , to amuse herself with .-- I was saying this to Mr . Cole but yesterday , and he quite agreed with me ; only he is so particularly fond of music that he could not help indulging himself in the purchase , hoping that some of our good neighbours might be so obliging occasionally to put it to a better use than we can ; and that really is the reason why the instrument was bought -- or else I am sure we ought to be ashamed of it .-- We are in great hopes that Miss Woodhouse may be prevailed with to try it this evening ."
If Colonel Campbell is not the person , who can be ?"
As to the pretence of trying her native air , I look upon that as a mere excuse .-- In the summer it might have passed ; but what can any body ' s native air do for them in the months of January , February , and March ?
Mr . Dixon ' s preference of her music to her friend ' s , I can answer for being very decided ."
And now I can see it in no other light than as an offering of love ."
I have no pleasure in seeing my friends , unless I can believe myself fit to be seen ."
" This is the luxury of a large party ," said she :--" one can get near every body , and say every thing .
Excepting inequality of fortune , and perhaps a little disparity of age , I can see nothing unsuitable ."
" Then it can be no argument to prove that he is in love .
A mind lively and at ease , can do with seeing nothing , and can see nothing that does not answer .
" I do not believe any such thing ," replied Emma .--" I am persuaded that you can be as insincere as your neighbours , when it is necessary ; but there is no reason to suppose the instrument is indifferent .
Then the baked apples came home , Mrs . Wallis sent them by her boy ; they are extremely civil and obliging to us , the Wallises , always -- I have heard some people say that Mrs . Wallis can be uncivil and give a very rude answer , but we have never known any thing but the greatest attention from them .
said he , ` I do think I can fasten the rivet ; I like a job of this kind excessively .'
said he , ` I can fasten the rivet .
` I am sure you must be ,' said he , ` and I will send you another supply ; for I have a great many more than I can ever use .
" Till I have a letter from Colonel Campbell ," said she , in a voice of forced calmness , " I can imagine nothing with any confidence .
I will not open the window here ; it would give you all cold ; but I can go into my mother ' s room you know .
Can I do any thing for you ?"
Can I do any thing for _you_ ?"
I must get on to Kingston as fast as I can ."
very delightful indeed ; I can say nothing less , for I suppose Miss Woodhouse and Mr . Frank Churchill are hearing every thing that passes .
He never can bear to be thanked .
` Can I do any thing for you at Kingston ?'
It can be allowable only as the thought of the moment ."
Nothing can be farther from pleasure than to be dancing in a crowd -- and a crowd in a little room !"
Better accommodations , he can promise them , and not a less grateful welcome than at Randalls .
" It appears to me a plan that nobody can object to , if Mr . and Mrs . Weston do not .
I think it admirable ; and , as far as I can answer for myself , shall be most happy -- It seems the only improvement that could be .
But I do not understand how the room at the Crown can be safer for you than your father ' s house ."
If Mr . and Mrs . Weston will be so obliging as to call here one morning , we may talk it over , and see what can be done ."
If it can be contrived to be at the Crown , papa , it will be very convenient for the horses .
Not that James ever complains ; but it is right to spare our horses when we can .
" I can answer for every thing of that nature , sir , because it will be under Mrs . Weston ' s care .
They can do nothing satisfactorily without you ."
Can the old lady ?"
yes , I must be there ; I could not refuse ; and I will keep as much awake as I can ; but I would rather be at home , looking over William Larkins ' s week ' s account ; much rather , I confess .-- Pleasure in seeing dancing !-- not I , indeed -- I never look at it -- I do not know who does .-- Fine dancing , I believe , like virtue , must be its own reward .
" If I can come again , we are still to have our ball .
Happy those , who can remain at Highbury !"
" In short ," said he , " perhaps , Miss Woodhouse -- I think you can hardly be quite without suspicion "--
He stopt again , rose again , and seemed quite embarrassed .-- He was more in love with her than Emma had supposed ; and who can say how it might have ended , if his father had not made his appearance ?
Not that I imagine he can think I have been encouraging him hitherto .
This is in the supposition of his attachment continuing what it now is ; but I do not know that I expect it will ; I do not look upon him to be quite the sort of man -- I do not altogether build upon his steadiness or constancy .-- His feelings are warm , but I can imagine them rather changeable .-- Every consideration of the subject , in short , makes me thankful that my happiness is not more deeply involved .-- I shall do very well again after a little while -- and then , it will be a good thing over ; for they say every body is in love once in their lives , and I shall have been let off easily ."
But stranger things have happened ; and when we cease to care for each other as we do now , it will be the means of confirming us in that sort of true disinterested friendship which I can already look forward to with pleasure ."
" Your allowing yourself to be so occupied and so unhappy about Mr . Elton ' s marrying , Harriet , is the strongest reproach you can make _me_ .
No , indeed , Miss Woodhouse , you need not be afraid ; I can sit and admire him now without any great misery .
Nobody can be more devoted to home than I am .
` But ,' said I , ` to be quite honest , I do not think I can live without something of a musical society .
" But you , who are so extremely fond of it -- there can be no danger , surely ?"
And the same may be said of Mrs . Jeffereys -- Clara Partridge , that was -- and of the two Milmans , now Mrs . Bird and Mrs . James Cooper ; and of more than I can enumerate .
" I cannot think there is any danger of it ," was Emma ' s calm answer -- " and when you are better acquainted with Miss Fairfax ' s situation and understand what her home has been , with Colonel and Mrs . Campbell , I have no idea that you will suppose her talents can be unknown ."
One can see that she feels the want of encouragement .
I assure you , Jane Fairfax is a very delightful character , and interests me more than I can express ."
" You appear to feel a great deal -- but I am not aware how you or any of Miss Fairfax ' s acquaintance here , any of those who have known her longer than yourself , can shew her any other attention than "--
If _we_ set the example , many will follow it as far as they can ; though all have not our situations .
Maple Grove will probably be my model more than it ought to be -- for we do not at all affect to equal my brother , Mr . Suckling , in income .-- However , my resolution is taken as to noticing Jane Fairfax .-- I shall certainly have her very often at my house , shall introduce her wherever I can , shall have musical parties to draw out her talents , and shall be constantly on the watch for an eligible situation .
You may have done wrong with regard to Mr . Dixon , but this is a punishment beyond what you can have merited !-- The kindness and protection of Mrs .
Such a woman as Jane Fairfax probably never fell in Mrs . Elton ' s way before -- and no degree of vanity can prevent her acknowledging her own comparative littleness in action , if not in consciousness ."
" That will never be , however , I can assure you .
How can she find any appellation for them , deep enough in familiar vulgarity ?
She calls you , Knightley -- what can she do for Mr . Cole ?
I can much more readily enter into the temptation of getting away from Miss Bates , than I can believe in the triumph of Miss Fairfax ' s mind over Mrs . Elton .
I can easily believe that letters are very little to you , much less than to me , but it is not your being ten years older than myself which makes the difference , it is not age , but situation .
That will obviate all difficulties you know ; and from _us_ I really think , my dear Jane , you can have no scruple to accept such an accommodation ."
I am advised to be out of doors as much as I can , I must walk somewhere , and the post - office is an object ; and upon my word , I have scarcely ever had a bad morning before ."
The thing is determined , that is ( laughing affectedly ) as far as I can presume to determine any thing without the concurrence of my lord and master .
But for that reason , I should imagine the likeness must be chiefly confined to the females , for boys have very little teaching after an early age , and scramble into any hand they can get .
Is it necessary for me to use any roundabout phrase ?-- Your Yorkshire friend -- your correspondent in Yorkshire ;-- that would be the way , I suppose , if I were very bad .-- No , I can pronounce his name without the smallest distress .
" Well , well , I have that note ; and can shew it after dinner to convince Mr .
said Jane , shaking her head ; " dear Mrs . Elton , who can have thought of it as I have done ?"
You are afraid of giving me trouble ; but I assure you , my dear Jane , the Campbells can hardly be more interested about you than I am .
Nothing can stand more retired from the road than Maple Grove .
A year and a half is the very utmost that they can have lived at West Hall ; and how they got their fortune nobody knows .
" There can be no doubt of your being much more engaged with company than you used to be .
I can understand you --( nodding at Mr . John Knightley )-- your good fortune in meeting with so many of your friends at once here , delights you too much to pass unnoticed .
Never better .-- Don ' t I hear another carriage ?-- Who can this be ?-- very likely the worthy Coles .-- Upon my word , this is charming to be standing about among such friends !
Mrs . Elton then said , " Nobody can think less of dress in general than I do -- but upon such an occasion as this , when every body ' s eyes are so much upon me , and in compliment to the Westons -- who I have no doubt are giving this ball chiefly to do me honour -- I would not wish to be inferior to others .
" Can you trust me with such flatterers ?-- Does my vain spirit ever tell me I am wrong ?"
You have shewn that you can dance , and you know we are not really so much brother and sister as to make it at all improper ."
I can see nothing at all extraordinary in him now .-- I do not care whether I meet him or not -- except that of the two I had rather not see him -- and indeed I would go any distance round to avoid him -- but I do not envy his wife in the least ; I neither admire her nor envy her , as I have done : she is very charming , I dare say , and all that , but I think her very ill - tempered and disagreeable -- I shall never forget her look the other night !-- However , I assure you , Miss Woodhouse , I wish her no evil .-- No , let them be ever so happy together , it will not give me another moment ' s pang : and to convince you that I have been speaking truth , I am now going to destroy -- what I ought to have destroyed long ago -- what I ought never to have kept -- I know that very well ( blushing as she spoke ).-- However , now I will destroy it all -- and it is my particular wish to do it in your presence , that you may see how rational I am grown .
cried Emma , putting her hand before her face , and jumping up , " you make me more ashamed of myself than I can bear .
" Yes , simpleton as I was !-- but I am quite ashamed of it now , and wish I could forget as easily as I can burn them .
It is natural , and it is honourable .-- Yes , honourable , I think , to chuse so well and so gratefully .-- But that it will be a fortunate preference is more that I can promise .
Perhaps it will be wisest in you to check your feelings while you can : at any rate do not let them carry you far , unless you are persuaded of his liking you .
I am glad he can afford it .
I am delighted to find that you can vouchsafe to let your imagination wander -- but it will not do -- very sorry to check you in your first essay -- but indeed it will not do .
There is no admiration between them , I do assure you ; and the appearances which have caught you , have arisen from some peculiar circumstances -- feelings rather of a totally different nature -- it is impossible exactly to explain :-- there is a good deal of nonsense in it -- but the part which is capable of being communicated , which is sense , is , that they are as far from any attachment or admiration for one another , as any two beings in the world can be .
That is , I _presume_ it to be so on her side , and I can _answer_ for its being so on his .
" No ,"-- he calmly replied ,--" there is but one married woman in the world whom I can ever allow to invite what guests she pleases to Donwell , and that one is --"
" You certainly will meet them if I can prevail ; and I shall call on Miss Bates in my way home ."
Nothing can be more simple , you see .
And , by the bye , can I or my housekeeper be of any use to you with our opinion ?-- Pray be sincere , Knightley .
You can borrow Mrs . Cole ' s .
It can be round in five minutes ."
She spoke with great agitation ; and Emma very feelingly replied , " That can be no reason for your being exposed to danger now .
The greatest kindness you can shew me , will be to let me have my own way , and only say that I am gone when it is necessary ."
I can never bear to think of you all there without me ."
I can have no self - command without a motive .
And you can be always with me .
Let every body on the Hill hear me if they can .
" Yes , yes , pray pass _me_ ," added her husband , with a sort of sneering consciousness ; " _I_ have nothing to say that can entertain Miss Woodhouse , or any other young lady .
Peculiarly lucky !-- for as to any real knowledge of a person ' s disposition that Bath , or any public place , can give -- it is all nothing ; there can be no knowledge .
It is only by seeing women in their own homes , among their own set , just as they always are , that you can form any just judgment .
I would be understood to mean , that it can be only weak , irresolute characters , ( whose happiness must be always at the mercy of chance ,) who will suffer an unfortunate acquaintance to be an inconvenience , an oppression for ever ."
" By all means , if you can ."
I wish you could have heard how she talked of it -- with what candour and generosity .
You , whom she had known from an infant , whom she had seen grow up from a period when her notice was an honour , to have you now , in thoughtless spirits , and the pride of the moment , laugh at her , humble her -- and before her niece , too -- and before others , many of whom ( certainly _some_ ,) would be entirely guided by _your_ treatment of her .-- This is not pleasant to you , Emma -- and it is very far from pleasant to me ; but I must , I will ,-- I will tell you truths while I can ; satisfied with proving myself your friend by very faithful counsel , and trusting that you will some time or other do me greater justice than you can do now ."
She hoped no one could have said to her , " How could you be so unfeeling to your father ?-- I must , I will tell you truths while I can ."
-- ` I can see nobody ,' said she ; and up she got , and would go away ; and that was what made us keep you waiting -- and extremely sorry and ashamed we were .
Yes , indeed , there is every thing in the world that can make her happy in it .
" Can you come to Randalls at any time this morning ?-- Do , if it be possible .
She would have ordered the carriage , and come to you , but she must see you _alone_ , and that you know --( nodding towards her father )-- Humph !-- Can you come ?"
But what can be the matter ?-- Is she really not ill ?"
She will break it to you better than I can .
Good Heavens !-- What can be to be _broke_ to me , that does not relate to one of that family ?"
I can hardly believe it .-- I thought I knew him ."
" Well ," said she at last , trying to recover herself ; " this is a circumstance which I must think of at least half a day , before I can at all comprehend it .
to look on , while repeated attentions were offering to another woman , before her face , and not resent it .-- That is a degree of placidity , which I can neither comprehend nor respect ."
On this article I can fully acquit him .
" If a woman can ever be excused for thinking only of herself , it is in a situation like Jane Fairfax ' s .-- Of such , one may almost say , that ` the world is not their ' s , nor the world ' s law .'"
" Had you any idea ," cried Harriet , " of his being in love with her ?-- You , perhaps , might .-- You ( blushing as she spoke ) who can see into every body ' s heart ; but nobody else --"
Can you seriously ask me , Harriet , whether I imagined him attached to another woman at the very time that I was -- tacitly , if not openly -- encouraging you to give way to your own feelings ?-- I never had the slightest suspicion , till within the last hour , of Mr . Frank Churchill ' s having the least regard for Jane Fairfax .
` I will not say , that since I entered into the engagement I have not had some happy moments ; but I can say , that I have never known the blessing of one tranquil hour :'-- and the quivering lip , Emma , which uttered it , was an attestation that I felt at my heart ."
No one , I believe , can blame her more than she is disposed to blame herself .
But after all the punishment that misconduct can bring , it is still not less misconduct .
I never can be blameless .
-- but checking himself --" No , no , I understand you -- forgive me -- I am pleased that you can say even so much .-- He is no object of regret , indeed !
And now I can tolerably comprehend his behaviour .
" I have never had a high opinion of Frank Churchill .-- I can suppose , however , that I may have underrated him .
What years of felicity that man , in all human calculation , has before him !-- Assured of the love of such a woman -- the disinterested love , for Jane Fairfax ' s character vouches for her disinterestedness ; every thing in his favour ,-- equality of situation -- I mean , as far as regards society , and all the habits and manners that are important ; equality in every point but one -- and that one , since the purity of her heart is not to be doubted , such as must increase his felicity , for it will be his to bestow the only advantages she wants .-- A man would always wish to give a woman a better home than the one he takes her from ; and he who can do it , where there is no doubt of _her_ regard , must , I think , be the happiest of mortals .-- Frank Churchill is , indeed , the favourite of fortune .
God knows , I have been a very indifferent lover .-- But you understand me .-- Yes , you see , you understand my feelings -- and will return them if you can .
Seldom , very seldom , does complete truth belong to any human disclosure ; seldom can it happen that something is not a little disguised , or a little mistaken ; but where , as in this case , though the conduct is mistaken , the feelings are not , it may not be very material .-- Mr . Knightley could not impute to Emma a more relenting heart than she possessed , or a heart more disposed to accept of his .
" If I made myself intelligible yesterday , this letter will be expected ; but expected or not , I know it will be read with candour and indulgence .-- You are all goodness , and I believe there will be need of even all your goodness to allow for some parts of my past conduct .-- But I have been forgiven by one who had still more to resent .
If you need farther explanation , I have the honour , my dear madam , of being your husband ' s son , and the advantage of inheriting a disposition to hope for good , which no inheritance of houses or lands can ever equal the value of .-- See me , then , under these circumstances , arriving on my first visit to Randalls ;-- and here I am conscious of wrong , for that visit might have been sooner paid .
You will soon , I earnestly hope , know her thoroughly yourself .-- No description can describe her .
And here I can admit , that my manners to Miss W ., in being unpleasant to Miss F ., were highly blameable .
Had you witnessed my behaviour there , I can hardly suppose you would ever have thought well of me again .
But it is done ; we are reconciled , dearer , much dearer , than ever , and no moment ' s uneasiness can ever occur between us again .
" Well , there _is_ feeling here .-- He does seem to have suffered in finding her ill .-- Certainly , I can have no doubt of his being fond of her .
" We can finish this some other time , you know .
You knew I should not stir till my lord and master appeared .-- Here have I been sitting this hour , giving these young ladies a sample of true conjugal obedience -- for who can say , you know , how soon it may be wanted ?"
Perhaps to Hartfield , perhaps to the Abbey Mill , perhaps into his woods .-- Miss Woodhouse , this is not like our friend Knightley !-- Can you explain it ?"
as to all that , of course nothing can be thought of yet .
" Nothing can be actually settled yet , perhaps ," replied Emma , smiling --" but , excuse me , it must be thought of ."
" Impossible !-- I never can call you any thing but ` Mr .
I wish I may not sink into ` poor Emma ' with him at once .-- His tender compassion towards oppressed worth can go no farther ."
he cried , " I wish your father might be half as easily convinced as John will be , of our having every right that equal worth can give , to be happy together .
but why so ?-- I can hardly imagine that any thing which pleases or amuses you , should not please and amuse me too ."
This is all that I can relate of the how , where , and when .
Your friend Harriet will make a much longer history when you see her .-- She will give you all the minute particulars , which only woman ' s language can make interesting .-- In our communications we deal only in the great .-- However , I must say , that Robert Martin ' s heart seemed for _him_ , and to _me_ , very overflowing ; and that he did mention , without its being much to the purpose , that on quitting their box at Astley ' s , my brother took charge of Mrs . John Knightley and little John , and he followed with Miss Smith and Henry ; and that at one time they were in such a crowd , as to make Miss Smith rather uneasy ."
In respectability of character , there can be no doubt that they are .
I could suppose she might in time -- but can she already ?-- Did not you misunderstand him ?-- You were both talking of other things ; of business , shows of cattle , or new drills -- and might not you , in the confusion of so many subjects , mistake him ?-- It was not Harriet ' s hand that he was certain of -- it was the dimensions of some famous ox ."
" I am quite sure ," he replied , speaking very distinctly , " that he told me she had accepted him ; and that there was no obscurity , nothing doubtful , in the words he used ; and I think I can give you a proof that it must be so .
" I can never think of it ," she cried , " without extreme shame ."
no , no , no -- how can you suspect me of such a thing ?
You can have no superior , but most true on mine .-- She is a complete angel .
" I can never think of it without laughing .-- She hears us , she hears us , Miss Woodhouse .
Do not you see that , at this instant , the very passage of her own letter , which sent me the report , is passing under her eye -- that the whole blunder is spread before her -- that she can attend to nothing else , though pretending to listen to the others ?"
" How you can bear such recollections , is astonishing to me !-- They _will_ sometimes obtrude -- but how you can court them !"
He had given her some hints of it the last spring in town ; he had gone so far even as to say , " Can we retrench ?
Does it occur to you that there is any one article in which we can retrench ?"
" If we can persuade your father to all this ," said Lady Russell , looking over her paper , " much may be done .
The park would be open to him of course , and few navy officers , or men of any other description , can have had such a range ; but what restrictions I might impose on the use of the pleasure - grounds , is another thing .
" The navy , I think , who have done so much for us , have at least an equal claim with any other set of men , for all the comforts and all the privileges which any home can give .
One day last spring , in town , I was in company with two men , striking instances of what I am talking of ; Lord St Ives , whose father we all know to have been a country curate , without bread to eat ; I was to give place to Lord St Ives , and a certain Admiral Baldwin , the most deplorable - looking personage you can imagine ; his face the colour of mahogany , rough and rugged to the last degree ; all lines and wrinkles , nine grey hairs of a side , and nothing but a dab of powder at top .
I never saw quite so wretched an example of what a sea - faring life can do ; but to a degree , I know it is the same with them all : they are all knocked about , and exposed to every climate , and every weather , till they are not fit to be seen .
In fact , as I have long been convinced , though every profession is necessary and honourable in its turn , it is only the lot of those who are not obliged to follow any , who can live in a regular way , in the country , choosing their own hours , following their own pursuits , and living on their own property , without the torment of trying for more ; it is only their lot , I say , to hold the blessings of health and a good appearance to the utmost : I know no other set of men but what lose something of their personableness when they cease to be quite young ."
Penelope , my dear , can you help me to the name of the gentleman who lived at Monkford : Mrs Croft ' s brother ?"
" I have no conception whom you can mean , Shepherd ; I remember no gentleman resident at Monkford since the time of old Governor Trent ."
An admiral speaks his own consequence , and , at the same time , can never make a baronet look small .
" Mrs Clay ," said she , warmly , " never forgets who she is ; and as I am rather better acquainted with her sentiments than you can be , I can assure you , that upon the subject of marriage they are particularly nice , and that she reprobates all inequality of condition and rank more strongly than most people .
But poor Mrs Clay who , with all her merits , can never have been reckoned tolerably pretty , I really think poor Mrs Clay may be staying here in perfect safety .
" I think very differently ," answered Elizabeth , shortly ; " an agreeable manner may set off handsome features , but can never alter plain ones .
However , at any rate , as I have a great deal more at stake on this point than anybody else can have , I think it rather unnecessary in you to be advising me ."
I am so ill I can hardly speak .
" I can give you no account of them .
what can you possibly have to do ?"
More than I can recollect in a moment ; but I can tell you some .
However , we may as well go and sit with them a little while , and when we have that over , we can enjoy our walk ."
I believe Mrs Charles is not quite pleased with my not inviting them oftener ; but you know it is very bad to have children with one that one is obligated to be checking every moment ; " don ' t do this ," and " don ' t do that ;" or that one can only keep in tolerable order by more cake than is good for them ."
And on Mrs Musgrove ' s side , it was , " I make a rule of never interfering in any of my daughter - in - law ' s concerns , for I know it would not do ; but I shall tell you , Miss Anne , because you may be able to set things to rights , that I have no very good opinion of Mrs Charles ' s nursery - maid : I hear strange stories of her ; she is always upon the gad ; and from my own knowledge , I can declare , she is such a fine - dressing lady , that she is enough to ruin any servants she comes near .
So we must be as merry as we can , that she may not be dwelling upon such gloomy things ."
" Nothing can be going on better than the child ," said he ; " so I told my father , just now , that I would come , and he thought me quite right .
You would not like to leave him yourself , but you see I can be of no use .
" Yes ; you see his papa can , and why should not I ?
You can make little Charles do anything ; he always minds you at a word .
I shall certainly go ; I am sure I ought if I can , quite as much as Charles , for they want me excessively to be acquainted with Captain Wentworth , and I know you do not mind being left alone .
You can send for us , you know , at a moment ' s notice , if anything is the matter ; but I dare say there will be nothing to alarm you .
" I was as well satisfied with my appointment as you can desire .
There can be no want of gallantry , Admiral , in rating the claims of women to every personal comfort high , and this is what I do .
I hate to hear of women on board , or to see them on board ; and no ship under my command shall ever convey a family of ladies anywhere , if I can help it ."
I can only say , ` No , I shall not ;' and then they say again , ` Yes , you will ,' and there is an end of it ."
" And I do assure you , ma ' am ," pursued Mrs Croft , " that nothing can exceed the accommodations of a man - of - war ; I speak , you know , of the higher rates .
When you come to a frigate , of course , you are more confined ; though any reasonable woman may be perfectly happy in one of them ; and I can safely say , that the happiest part of my life has been spent on board a ship .
No , no ; Henrietta might do worse than marry Charles Hayter ; and if she has him , and Louisa can get Captain Wentworth , I shall be very well satisfied ."
When people come in this manner on purpose to ask us , how can one say no ?"
If you value her conduct or happiness , infuse as much of your own spirit into her as you can .
It is the worst evil of too yielding and indecisive a character , that no influence over it can be depended on .
This nut ," he continued , with playful solemnity , " while so many of his brethren have fallen and been trodden under foot , is still in possession of all the happiness that a hazel nut can be supposed capable of ."
There can be no doubt of its having been of the greatest service to Dr Shirley , after his illness , last spring twelve - month .
" Pray ," said Captain Wentworth , immediately , " can you tell us the name of the gentleman who is just gone away ?"
It is bad for him , I know , to be shut up as he is ; but what can we do ?
" No ," said Anne , " that I can easily believe to be impossible ; but in time , perhaps -- we know what time does in every case of affliction , and you must remember , Captain Harville , that your friend may yet be called a young mourner -- only last summer , I understand ."
I can support her myself .
You can slip in from the shrubbery at any time ; and there you will find we keep our umbrellas hanging up by that door .
And take it altogether , now that we have been into most of the houses hereabouts and can judge , there is not one that we like better than this .
" And that you are very likely to do very soon , I can tell you , ma ' am ," said Charles .
I have really a curiosity to see the person who can give occasion to such directly opposite notions .
There can be no doubt that Lady Russell and Anne were both occasionally thinking of Captain Benwick , from this time .
His manners were an immediate recommendation ; and on conversing with him she found the solid so fully supporting the superficial , that she was at first , as she told Anne , almost ready to exclaim , " Can this be Mr Elliot ?"
She had a large acquaintance , of course professionally , among those who can afford to buy , and she disposes of my merchandise .
Anne , far from wishing to cavil at the pleasure , replied , " I can easily believe it .
And it is not merely in its follies , that they are well read ; for they see it occasionally under every circumstance that can be most interesting or affecting .
" No , sir , she is not one - and - thirty ; but I do not think I can put off my engagement , because it is the only evening for some time which will at once suit her and myself .
I can leave them at the Great House very well , for a month or six weeks .
" I do not know ; but I can hardly suppose that , at Admiral Croft ' s time of life , and in his profession , he should not have many acquaintance in such a place as this ."
I can never get by this shop without stopping .
Can I go anywhere for you , or with you ?
Can I be of any use ?"
We do not like our lodgings here the worse , I can tell you , for putting us in mind of those we first had at North Yarmouth .
One can guess what will happen there .
They described the drawing - room window - curtains of one of the houses on this side of the way , and this part of the street , as being the handsomest and best hung of any in Bath , but could not recollect the exact number , and I have been trying to find out which it could be ; but I confess I can see no curtains hereabouts that answer their description ."
Mrs Smith made no reply ; but when she was leaving her said , and with an expression half serious , half arch , " Well , I heartily wish your concert may answer ; and do not fail me to - morrow if you can come ; for I begin to have a foreboding that I may not have many more visits from you ."
" This ," said she , " is nearly the sense , or rather the meaning of the words , for certainly the sense of an Italian love - song must not be talked of , but it is as nearly the meaning as I can give ; for I do not pretend to understand the language .
You can have been acquainted with it only since I came to Bath , excepting as you might hear me previously spoken of in my own family ."
No one can withstand the charm of such a mystery .
I can understand .
He can be of essential service to me ; and if you would have the goodness , my dear Miss Elliot , to make it an object to yourself , of course it is done ."
Where can you look for a more suitable match ?
I am sure you hear nothing but good of him from Colonel Wallis ; and who can know him better than Colonel Wallis ?"
Let him know me to be a friend of yours , and then he will think little of the trouble required , which it is very natural for him now , with so many affairs and engagements of his own , to avoid and get rid of as he can ; very natural , perhaps .
" No ," said Anne , " I can readily believe all that of my cousin .
Those whom he has been the chief cause of leading into ruin , he can neglect and desert without the smallest compunction .
I can satisfy you , perhaps , on points which you would little expect ; and as to his marriage , I knew all about it at the time .
I was privy to all the fors and againsts ; I was the friend to whom he confided his hopes and plans ; and though I did not know his wife previously , her inferior situation in society , indeed , rendered that impossible , yet I knew her all her life afterwards , or at least till within the last two years of her life , and can answer any question you may wish to put ."
That was his motive for drawing back , I can assure you .
The letter I am looking for was one written by Mr Elliot to him before our marriage , and happened to be saved ; why , one can hardly imagine .
I have now another motive for being glad that I can produce it ."
The name of Walter I can drop , thank God !
Can any thing be stronger ?"
" I can explain this too ," cried Mrs Smith , smiling .
" Can you really ?"
I cannot produce written proof again , but I can give as authentic oral testimony as you can desire , of what he is now wanting , and what he is now doing .
Facts or opinions which are to pass through the hands of so many , to be misconceived by folly in one , and ignorance in another , can hardly have much truth left ."
You will soon be able to judge of the general credit due , by listening to some particulars which you can yourself immediately contradict or confirm .
You can imagine what an artful man would do ; and with this guide , perhaps , may recollect what you have seen him do ."
But since he must be absent some time or other , I do not perceive how he can ever be secure while she holds her present influence .
She must be allowed to be a favourer of matrimony , you know ; and ( since self will intrude ) who can say that she may not have some flying visions of attending the next Lady Elliot , through Mrs Wallis ' s recommendation ?"
I have a great value for Benwick ; and when one can but get him to talk , he has plenty to say .
how can you think of such a thing ?
How can you be so forgetful ?"
He had been prevented setting off for Thornberry , but I really forget by what ; for I was in a hurry , and could not much attend , and I can only answer for his being determined not to be delayed in his return .
To begin without knowing that at such a time there will be the means of marrying , I hold to be very unsafe and unwise , and what I think all parents should prevent as far as they can ."
I hope I can allow for him .
" That I can easily believe ."
We never can expect to prove any thing upon such a point .
If I could explain to you all this , and all that a man can bear and do , and glories to do , for the sake of these treasures of his existence !
" I can listen no longer in silence .
Can you fail to have understood my wishes ?
I can hardly write .
You sink your voice , but I can distinguish the tones of that voice when they would be lost on others .
Who can be in doubt of what followed ?
There is a quickness of perception in some , a nicety in the discernment of character , a natural penetration , in short , which no experience in others can equal , and Lady Russell had been less gifted in this part of understanding than her young friend .
Consider ," she added , " that when the money is once parted with , it never can return .
No one , at least , can think I have not done enough for them : even themselves , they can hardly expect more ."
" There is no knowing what THEY may expect ," said the lady , " but we are not to think of their expectations : the question is , what you can afford to do ."
" To be sure it is ; and , indeed , it strikes me that they can want no addition at all .
Altogether , they will have five hundred a - year amongst them , and what on earth can four women want for more than that ?-- They will live so cheap !
They will have no carriage , no horses , and hardly any servants ; they will keep no company , and can have no expenses of any kind !
When my mother removes into another house my services shall be readily given to accommodate her as far as I can .
A great deal too handsome , in my opinion , for any place THEY can ever afford to live in .
Music seems scarcely to attract him , and though he admires Elinor ' s drawings very much , it is not the admiration of a person who can understand their worth .
Mama , the more I know of the world , the more am I convinced that I shall never see a man whom I can really love .
" Of his sense and his goodness ," continued Elinor , " no one can , I think , be in doubt , who has seen him often enough to engage him in unreserved conversation .
The excellence of his understanding and his principles can be concealed only by that shyness which too often keeps him silent .
At first sight , his address is certainly not striking ; and his person can hardly be called handsome , till the expression of his eyes , which are uncommonly good , and the general sweetness of his countenance , is perceived .
A room or two can easily be added ; and if my friends find no difficulty in travelling so far to see me , I am sure I will find none in accommodating them ."
happy house , could you know what I suffer in now viewing you from this spot , from whence perhaps I may view you no more !-- And you , ye well - known trees !-- but you will continue the same .-- No leaf will decay because we are removed , nor any branch become motionless although we can observe you no longer !-- No ; you will continue the same ; unconscious of the pleasure or the regret you occasion , and insensible of any change in those who walk under your shade !-- But who will remain to enjoy you ?"
I can easily suppose that his age may appear much greater to you than to my mother ; but you can hardly deceive yourself as to his having the use of his limbs !"
" A woman of seven and twenty ," said Marianne , after pausing a moment , " can never hope to feel or inspire affection again , and if her home be uncomfortable , or her fortune small , I can suppose that she might bring herself to submit to the offices of a nurse , for the sake of the provision and security of a wife .
" But he talked of flannel waistcoats ," said Marianne ; " and with me a flannel waistcoat is invariably connected with aches , cramps , rheumatisms , and every species of ailment that can afflict the old and the feeble ."
What else can detain him at Norland ?"
what can be the meaning of it !
" And is that all you can say for him ?"
On this point Sir John could give more certain intelligence ; and he told them that Mr . Willoughby had no property of his own in the country ; that he resided there only while he was visiting the old lady at Allenham Court , to whom he was related , and whose possessions he was to inherit ; adding , " Yes , yes , he is very well worth catching I can tell you , Miss Dashwood ; he has a pretty little estate of his own in Somersetshire besides ; and if I were you , I would not give him up to my younger sister , in spite of all this tumbling down hills .
he is quite smitten already , and he is very well worth setting your cap at , I can tell you , in spite of all this tumbling about and spraining of ankles ."
Her form , though not so correct as her sister ' s , in having the advantage of height , was more striking ; and her face was so lovely , that when in the common cant of praise , she was called a beautiful girl , truth was less violently outraged than usually happens .
Another meeting will suffice to explain his sentiments on picturesque beauty , and second marriages , and then you can have nothing farther to ask ."
" In defence of your protege you can even be saucy ."
" I may venture to say that HIS observations have stretched much further than your candour .
I consider him , on the contrary , as a very respectable man , who has every body ' s good word , and nobody ' s notice ; who , has more money than he can spend , more time than he knows how to employ , and two new coats every year ."
I can only pronounce him to be a sensible man , well - bred , well - informed , of gentle address , and , I believe , possessing an amiable heart ."
You shall find me as stubborn as you can be artful .
I shall keep it only till you can claim it .
" Yes , yes , we can guess where he is ; at his own house at Norland to be sure .
" What can you have to do in town at this time of year ?"
" I hope we shall see you at Barton ," added her ladyship , " as soon as you can conveniently leave town ; and we must put off the party to Whitwell till you return ."
" I can guess what his business is , however ," said Mrs . Jennings exultingly .
" Can you , ma ' am ?"
" Oh , yes ; and as like him as she can stare .
" Mr . Willoughby however is the only person who can have a right to shew that house ; and as he went in an open carriage , it was impossible to have any other companion .
" On the contrary , nothing can be a stronger proof of it , Elinor ; for if there had been any real impropriety in what I did , I should have been sensible of it at the time , for we always know when we are acting wrong , and with such a conviction I could have had no pleasure ."
I do think he must have been sent for about money matters , for what else can it be ?
I wonder what it can be !
" May she always be poor , if she can employ her riches no better ."
" There certainly are circumstances ," said Willoughby , " which might greatly endear it to me ; but this place will always have one claim of my affection , which no other can possibly share ."
How little did I then think that the very first news I should hear from Mrs . Smith , when I next came into the country , would be that Barton cottage was taken : and I felt an immediate satisfaction and interest in the event , which nothing but a kind of prescience of what happiness I should experience from it , can account for .
For shame , Willoughby , can you wait for an invitation here ?"
" I have only to add , my dear Willoughby , that at Barton cottage you will always be welcome ; for I will not press you to return here immediately , because you only can judge how far THAT might be pleasing to Mrs . Smith ; and on this head I shall be no more disposed to question your judgment than to doubt your inclination ."
What can it be ?
Can they have quarrelled ?
I have thought it all over I assure you , and I can perfectly account for every thing that at first seemed strange to me as well as to you ."
" Can you , indeed !"
I have explained it to myself in the most satisfactory way ;-- but you , Elinor , who love to doubt where you can -- it will not satisfy YOU , I know ; but you shall not talk ME out of my trust in it .
You will tell me , I know , that this may or may NOT have happened ; but I will listen to no cavil , unless you can point out any other method of understanding the affair as satisfactory at this .
" I can hardly tell myself .
You must think wretchedly indeed of Willoughby , if , after all that has openly passed between them , you can doubt the nature of the terms on which they are together .
" But with a strange kind of tenderness , if he can leave her with such indifference , such carelessness of the future , as you attribute to him ."
can he be deceitful ?"
It is an engagement in some respects not prosperously begun , for their marriage must be at a very uncertain distance ; and even secrecy , as far as it can be observed , may now be very advisable ."
Look up to it , and be tranquil if you can .
" How can you think of dirt , with such objects before you ?"
" Marianne ," cried her sister , " how can you say so ?
How can you be so unjust ?
said Marianne , " money can only give happiness where there is nothing else to give it .
Beyond a competence , it can afford no real satisfaction , as far as mere self is concerned ."
" Perhaps , then , you would bestow it as a reward on that person who wrote the ablest defence of your favourite maxim , that no one can ever be in love more than once in their life -- your opinion on that point is unchanged , I presume ?"
" I have frequently detected myself in such kind of mistakes ," said Elinor , " in a total misapprehension of character in some point or other : fancying people so much more gay or grave , or ingenious or stupid than they really are , and I can hardly tell why or in what the deception originated .
What can you suppose ?"
You must be satisfied with such admiration as I can honestly give .
It exactly answers my idea of a fine country , because it unites beauty with utility -- and I dare say it is a picturesque one too , because you admire it ; I can easily believe it to be full of rocks and promontories , grey moss and brush wood , but these are all lost on me .
How can you ?-- But the time will come I hope ... I am sure you will like him ."
Charlotte is very pretty , I can tell you .
" You may believe how glad we all were to see them ," added Mrs . Jennings , leaning forward towards Elinor , and speaking in a low voice as if she meant to be heard by no one else , though they were seated on different sides of the room ; " but , however , I can ' t help wishing they had not travelled quite so fast , nor made such a long journey of it , for they came all round by London upon account of some business , for you know ( nodding significantly and pointing to her daughter ) it was wrong in her situation .
I thought you would , he is so pleasant ; and Mr . Palmer is excessively pleased with you and your sisters I can tell you , and you can ' t think how disappointed he will be if you don ' t come to Cleveland .-- I can ' t imagine why you should object to it ."
She is a monstrous lucky girl to get him , upon my honour ; not but that he is much more lucky in getting her , because she is so very handsome and agreeable , that nothing can be good enough for her .
You can ' t think how much I longed to see you !
Nothing can be like it , to be sure !
" Do come now ," said he --" pray come -- you must come -- I declare you shall come -- You can ' t think how you will like them .
How can you be so cross as not to come ?
" I think every one MUST admire it ," replied Elinor , " who ever saw the place ; though it is not to be supposed that any one can estimate its beauties as we do ."
But I can ' t bear to see them dirty and nasty .
But this I can say , that if he ever was a beau before he married , he is one still for there is not the smallest alteration in him ."
Anne ," cried her sister , " you can talk of nothing but beaux ;-- you will make Miss Dashwood believe you think of nothing else ."
" How can you say so , Anne ?"
Can you be ?"
And I do not think Mr . Ferrars can be displeased , when he knows I have trusted you , because I know he has the highest opinion in the world of all your family , and looks upon yourself and the other Miss Dashwoods quite as his own sisters ."
" We can mean no other ," cried Lucy , smiling .
Besides in the present case , I really thought some explanation was due to you after my making such particular inquiries about Edward ' s mother ; and I am so unfortunate , that I have not a creature whose advice I can ask .
You can ' t think how much I go through in my mind from it altogether .
Every thing in such suspense and uncertainty ; and seeing him so seldom -- we can hardly meet above twice a - year .
" Pardon me ," replied Elinor , startled by the question ; " but I can give you no advice under such circumstances .
This hint was enough , Lucy recollected herself instantly and replied , " Indeed you are very much mistaken , Lady Middleton ; I am only waiting to know whether you can make your party without me , or I should have been at my filigree already .
" Marianne can never keep long from that instrument you know , ma ' am ," said Elinor , endeavouring to smooth away the offence ; " and I do not much wonder at it ; for it is the very best toned piano - forte I ever heard ."
" Indeed , I can easily believe that it was a very great relief to you , to acknowledge your situation to me , and be assured that you shall never have reason to repent it .
With almost every other man in the world , it would be an alarming prospect ; but Edward ' s affection and constancy nothing can deprive me of I know ."
I can safely say that he has never gave me one moment ' s alarm on that account from the first ."
" All this ," thought Elinor , " is very pretty ; but it can impose upon neither of us ."
" I can answer for it that Miss Dashwood ' s is not ," said Mrs . Jennings , laughing heartily ; " for he is one of the modestest , prettiest behaved young men I ever saw ; but as for Lucy , she is such a sly little creature , there is no finding out who SHE likes ."
I dare say you have seen enough of Edward to know that he would prefer the church to every other profession ; now my plan is that he should take orders as soon as he can , and then through your interest , which I am sure you would be kind enough to use out of friendship for him , and I hope out of some regard to me , your brother might be persuaded to give him Norland living ; which I understand is a very good one , and the present incumbent not likely to live a great while .
I am sure your mother can spare you very well , and I DO beg you will favour me with your company , for I ' ve quite set my heart upon it .
It will only be sending Betty by the coach , and I hope I can afford THAT .
how do you think I can live poking by myself , I who have been always used till this winter to have Charlotte with me .
You will be under the care of a motherly good sort of woman , of whose kindness to you I can have no doubt .
" My objection is this ; though I think very well of Mrs . Jennings ' s heart , she is not a woman whose society can afford us pleasure , or whose protection will give us consequence ."
However , I got a very good husband , and I don ' t know what the greatest beauty can do more .
In another day or two perhaps ; this extreme mildness can hardly last longer -- nay , perhaps it may freeze tonight !"
I can hardly keep my hands warm even in my muff .
" How can that be ?
By whom can you have heard it mentioned ?"
What can be the meaning of it ?
" How can that be done ?
how can you talk so ?
Because you are so sly about it yourself , you think nobody else has any senses ; but it is no such thing , I can tell you , for it has been known all over town this ever so long .
I am much concerned to find there was anything in my behaviour last night that did not meet your approbation ; and though I am quite at a loss to discover in what point I could be so unfortunate as to offend you , I entreat your forgiveness of what I can assure you to have been perfectly unintentional .
if you knew !-- And can you believe me to be so , while I see you so wretched !"
" Forgive me , forgive me ," throwing her arms round her sister ' s neck ; " I know you feel for me ; I know what a heart you have ; but yet you are -- you must be happy ; Edward loves you -- what , oh what , can do away such happiness as that ?"
You CAN have no grief ."
" I can have no pleasure while I see you in this state ."
Mine is a misery which nothing can do away ."
I have passed a wretched night in endeavouring to excuse a conduct which can scarcely be called less than insulting ; but though I have not yet been able to form any reasonable apology for your behaviour , I am perfectly ready to hear your justification of it .
" I can believe it ," said Elinor ; " but unfortunately he did not feel the same ."
Whatever may have changed him now , ( and nothing but the blackest art employed against me can have done it ), I was once as dear to him as my own soul could wish .
This lock of hair , which now he can so readily give up , was begged of me with the most earnest supplication .
When he told me that it might be many weeks before we met again -- his distress -- can I ever forget his distress ?"
By whom can he have been instigated ?"
I must feel -- I must be wretched -- and they are welcome to enjoy the consciousness of it that can ."
who can require it ?"
Cruel , cruel -- nothing can acquit you .
Elinor , nothing can .
Oh , barbarously insolent !-- Elinor , can he be justified ?"
" And yet this woman -- who knows what her art may have been ?-- how long it may have been premeditated , and how deeply contrived by her !-- Who is she ?-- Who can she be ?-- Whom did I ever hear him talk of as young and attractive among his female acquaintance ?-- Oh !
Can not we be gone to - morrow ?"
Well , said I , all I can say is , that if this be true , he has used a young lady of my acquaintance abominably ill , and I wish with all my soul his wife may plague his heart out .
But that won ' t do now - a - days ; nothing in the way of pleasure can ever be given up by the young men of this age ."
Is there nothing one can get to comfort her ?
I shall persuade her if I can to go early to bed , for I am sure she wants rest ."
" In this affair it can only do harm ; more so perhaps than in many cases of a similar kind , for it has been attended by circumstances which , for the sake of every one concerned in it , make it unfit to become the public conversation .
Delaford is a nice place , I can tell you ; exactly what I call a nice old fashioned place , full of comforts and conveniences ; quite shut in with great garden walls that are covered with the best fruit - trees in the country ; and such a mulberry tree in one corner !
Well , I shall spirit up the Colonel as soon as I can .
If we CAN but put Willoughby out of her head !"
" Ay , if we can do THAT , Ma ' am ," said Elinor , " we shall do very well with or without Colonel Brandon ."
" Who can this be ?"
Your telling it will be the greatest act of friendship that can be shewn Marianne .
On such a subject ," sighing heavily , " can I have little temptation to be diffuse ."
And this , I fear , is all that can be said for the conduct of one , who was at once her uncle and guardian .
But can we wonder that , with such a husband to provoke inconstancy , and without a friend to advise or restrain her ( for my father lived only a few months after their marriage , and I was with my regiment in the East Indies ) she should fall ?
No , he had already done that , which no man who CAN feel for another would do .
But now , after such dishonorable usage , who can tell what were his designs on her .
They proceed from no misconduct , and can bring no disgrace .
" I have been more pained ," said she , " by her endeavors to acquit him than by all the rest ; for it irritates her mind more than the most perfect conviction of his unworthiness can do .
" What a charming thing it is that Mrs . Dashwood can spare you both for so long a time together !"
" Oh , if that ' s all ," cried Miss Steele , " we can just as well go and see HER ."
Their attention to our comfort , their friendliness in every particular , is more than I can express ."
But so it ought to be ; they are people of large fortune , they are related to you , and every civility and accommodation that can serve to make your situation pleasant might be reasonably expected .
But some of those little attentions and encouragements which ladies can so easily give will fix him , in spite of himself .
And there can be no reason why you should not try for him .
Nothing can be kinder than her behaviour ; and she can hardly do all this , without being aware of the expectation it raises ."
I know very little of Dorsetshire ; but , my dear Elinor , I shall be exceedingly glad to know more of it ; and I think I can answer for your having Fanny and myself among the earliest and best pleased of your visitors ."
But now I can carry her a most satisfactory account of both ."
said Lucy , as they walked up the stairs together -- for the Middletons arrived so directly after Mrs . Jennings , that they all followed the servant at the same time --" There is nobody here but you , that can feel for me .-- I declare I can hardly stand .
" What can bring her here so often ?"
" Some people imagine that there can be no accommodations , no space in a cottage ; but this is all a mistake .
' But how can it be done ?'
There is not a room in this cottage that will hold ten couple , and where can the supper be ?'
" I do not see how it can be done ," said she , " without affronting Lady Middleton , for they spend every day with her ; otherwise I should be exceedingly glad to do it .
How can I ask them away from her ?"
We can ask your sisters some other year , you know ; but the Miss Steeles may not be in town any more .
So then it all came out ; and the long and the short of the matter , by all I can learn , seems to be this .
Now , I can think and speak of it with little emotion .
Lucy does not want sense , and that is the foundation on which every thing good may be built .-- And after all , Marianne , after all that is bewitching in the idea of a single and constant attachment , and all that can be said of one ' s happiness depending entirely on any particular person , it is not meant -- it is not fit -- it is not possible that it should be so .-- Edward will marry Lucy ; he will marry a woman superior in person and understanding to half her sex ; and time and habit will teach him to forget that he ever thought another superior to HER ."
" I understand you .-- You do not suppose that I have ever felt much .-- For four months , Marianne , I have had all this hanging on my mind , without being at liberty to speak of it to a single creature ; knowing that it would make you and my mother most unhappy whenever it were explained to you , yet unable to prepare you for it in the least .-- It was told me ,-- it was in a manner forced on me by the very person herself , whose prior engagement ruined all my prospects ; and told me , as I thought , with triumph .-- This person ' s suspicions , therefore , I have had to oppose , by endeavouring to appear indifferent where I have been most deeply interested ;-- and it has not been only once ;-- I have had her hopes and exultation to listen to again and again .-- I have known myself to be divided from Edward for ever , without hearing one circumstance that could make me less desire the connection .-- Nothing has proved him unworthy ; nor has anything declared him indifferent to me .-- I have had to contend against the unkindness of his sister , and the insolence of his mother ; and have suffered the punishment of an attachment , without enjoying its advantages .-- And all this has been going on at a time , when , as you know too well , it has not been my only unhappiness .-- If you can think me capable of ever feeling -- surely you may suppose that I have suffered NOW .
Elinor ," she cried , " you have made me hate myself for ever .-- How barbarous have I been to you !-- you , who have been my only comfort , who have borne with me in all my misery , who have seemed to be only suffering for me !-- Is this my gratitude ?-- Is this the only return I can make you ?-- Because your merit cries out upon myself , I have been trying to do it away ."
can this be possible !"
He left her house yesterday , but where he is gone , or whether he is still in town , I do not know ; for WE of course can make no inquiry ."
The interest of two thousand pounds -- how can a man live on it ?-- and when to that is added the recollection , that he might , but for his own folly , within three months have been in the receipt of two thousand , five hundred a - year ( for Miss Morton has thirty thousand pounds ,) I cannot picture to myself a more wretched condition .
" Can anything be more galling to the spirit of a man ," continued John , " than to see his younger brother in possession of an estate which might have been his own ?
" Well , but Miss Dashwood ," speaking triumphantly , " people may say what they chuse about Mr . Ferrars ' s declaring he would not have Lucy , for it is no such thing I can tell you ; and it is quite a shame for such ill - natured reports to be spread abroad .
one can ' t repeat such kind of things you know )-- she told him directly , she had not the least mind in the world to be off , for she could live with him upon a trifle , and how little so ever he might have , she should be very glad to have it all , you know , or something of the kind .
Edward have got some business at Oxford , he says ; so he must go there for a time ; and after THAT , as soon as he can light upon a Bishop , he will be ordained .
" Wait for his having a living !-- ay , we all know how THAT will end :-- they will wait a twelvemonth , and finding no good comes of it , will set down upon a curacy of fifty pounds a - year , with the interest of his two thousand pounds , and what little matter Mr . Steele and Mr . Pratt can give her .-- Then they will have a child every year !
how poor they will be !-- I must see what I can give them towards furnishing their house .
He is not a young man with whom one can be intimately acquainted in a short time , but I have seen enough of him to wish him well for his own sake , and as a friend of yours , I wish it still more .
" This little rectory CAN do no more than make Mr . Ferrars comfortable as a bachelor ; it cannot enable him to marry .
What I am now doing indeed , seems nothing at all , since it can advance him so little towards what must be his principal , his only object of happiness .
But whether she would do for a lady ' s maid , I am sure I can ' t tell .
" Colonel Brandon give ME a living !-- Can it be possible ?"
" Really ," said Elinor , " I know so little of these kind of forms , that I can hardly even conjecture as to the time , or the preparation necessary ; but I suppose two or three months will complete his ordination ."
my dear , how calmly you talk of it ; and can the Colonel wait two or three months !
" My dear ma ' am ," said Elinor , " what can you be thinking of ?-- Why , Colonel Brandon ' s only object is to be of use to Mr .
" The Colonel is a ninny , my dear ; because he has two thousand a - year himself , he thinks that nobody else can marry on less .
This living of Colonel Brandon ' s -- can it be true ?-- has he really given it to Edward ?-- I heard it yesterday by chance , and was coming to you on purpose to enquire farther about it ."
" But why should such precaution be used ?-- Though it is not to be supposed that Mrs . Ferrars can have the smallest satisfaction in knowing that her son has money enough to live upon ,-- for THAT must be quite out of the question ; yet why , upon her late behaviour , is she supposed to feel at all ?-- She has done with her son , she cast him off for ever , and has made all those over whom she had any influence , cast him off likewise .
Mrs . Ferrars can never forget that Edward is her son ."
" Certainly , there can be no difference ; for Robert will now to all intents and purposes be considered as the eldest son ;-- and as to any thing else , they are both very agreeable young men : I do not know that one is superior to the other ."
-- in the utmost amazement --" well , sir ,-- be quick -- and if you can -- less violent ."
" I mean ,"-- said he , with serious energy --" if I can , to make you hate me one degree less than you do NOW .
To attach myself to your sister , therefore , was not a thing to be thought of ;-- and with a meanness , selfishness , cruelty -- which no indignant , no contemptuous look , even of yours , Miss Dashwood , can ever reprobate too much -- I was acting in this manner , trying to engage her regard , without a thought of returning it .-- But one thing may be said for me : even in that horrid state of selfish vanity , I did not know the extent of the injury I meditated , because I did not THEN know what it was to love .
If you CAN pity me , Miss Dashwood , pity my situation as it was THEN .
To treat her with unkindness , to speak of her slightingly is no atonement to Marianne -- nor can I suppose it a relief to your own conscience ."
" As to that ," said he , " I must rub through the world as well as I can .
She can never be more lost to you than she is now ."
And if that some one should be the very he whom , of all others , I could least bear -- but I will not stay to rob myself of all your compassionate goodwill , by shewing that where I have most injured I can least forgive .
" His regard for her , infinitely surpassing anything that Willoughby ever felt or feigned , as much more warm , as more sincere or constant -- which ever we are to call it -- has subsisted through all the knowledge of dear Marianne ' s unhappy prepossession for that worthless young man !-- and without selfishness -- without encouraging a hope !-- could he have seen her happy with another -- Such a noble mind !-- such openness , such sincerity !-- no one can be deceived in HIM ."
To Mrs . Jennings , to the Middletons , he has been long and intimately known ; they equally love and respect him ; and even my own knowledge of him , though lately acquired , is very considerable ; and so highly do I value and esteem him , that if Marianne can be happy with him , I shall be as ready as yourself to think our connection the greatest blessing to us in the world .
But there are many works well worth reading at the Park ; and there are others of more modern production which I know I can borrow of Colonel Brandon .
" I am thankful to find that I can look with so little pain on the spot !-- shall we ever talk on that subject , Elinor ?"
-- hesitatingly it was said .--" Or will it be wrong ?-- I can talk of it now , I hope , as I ought to do ."
> From you , from my home , I shall never again have the smallest incitement to move ; and if I do mix in other society , it will be only to shew that my spirit is humbled , my heart amended , and that I can practise the civilities , the lesser duties of life , with gentleness and forbearance .
His remembrance can be overcome by no change of circumstances or opinions .
" I wish to assure you both ," said she , " that I see every thing -- as you can desire me to do ."
Some letters had passed between her and her brother , in consequence of Marianne ' s illness ; and in the first of John ' s , there had been this sentence :-- " We know nothing of our unfortunate Edward , and can make no enquiries on so prohibited a subject , but conclude him to be still at Oxford ;" which was all the intelligence of Edward afforded her by the correspondence , for his name was not even mentioned in any of the succeeding letters .
Edward was now fixed at the cottage at least for a week ;-- for whatever other claims might be made on him , it was impossible that less than a week should be given up to the enjoyment of Elinor ' s company , or suffice to say half that was to be said of the past , the present , and the future ;-- for though a very few hours spent in the hard labor of incessant talking will despatch more subjects than can really be in common between any two rational creatures , yet with lovers it is different .
I can safely say I owe you no ill - will , and am sure you will be too generous to do us any ill offices .
repeated he ; " would they have me beg my mother ' s pardon for Robert ' s ingratitude to HER , and breach of honour to ME ?-- I can make no submission -- I am grown neither humble nor penitent by what has passed .-- I am grown very happy ; but that would not interest .-- I know of no submission that IS proper for me to make ."
He had nothing to urge against it , but still resisted the idea of a letter of proper submission ; and therefore , to make it easier to him , as he declared a much greater willingness to make mean concessions by word of mouth than on paper , it was resolved that , instead of writing to Fanny , he should go to London , and personally intreat her good offices in his favour .-- " And if they really DO interest themselves ," said Marianne , in her new character of candour , " in bringing about a reconciliation , I shall think that even John and Fanny are not entirely without merit ."
His property here , his place , his house , every thing is in such respectable and excellent condition !-- and his woods !-- I have not seen such timber any where in Dorsetshire , as there is now standing in Delaford Hanger !-- And though , perhaps , Marianne may not seem exactly the person to attract him -- yet I think it would altogether be advisable for you to have them now frequently staying with you , for as Colonel Brandon seems a great deal at home , nobody can tell what may happen -- for , when people are much thrown together , and see little of anybody else -- and it will always be in your power to set her off to advantage , and so forth ;-- in short , you may as well give her a chance -- You understand me ."
4 : 13 And Cain said unto the LORD , My punishment is greater than I can bear .
9 : 18 And the sons of Noah , that went forth of the ark , were Shem , and Ham , and Japheth : and Ham is the father of Canaan .
9 : 22 And Ham , the father of Canaan , saw the nakedness of his father , and told his two brethren without .
9 : 25 And he said , Cursed be Canaan ; a servant of servants shall he be unto his brethren .
9 : 26 And he said , Blessed be the LORD God of Shem ; and Canaan shall be his servant .
9 : 27 God shall enlarge Japheth , and he shall dwell in the tents of Shem ; and Canaan shall be his servant .
10 : 6 And the sons of Ham ; Cush , and Mizraim , and Phut , and Canaan .
10 : 15 And Canaan begat Sidon his first born , and Heth , 10 : 16 And the Jebusite , and the Amorite , and the Girgasite , 10 : 17 And the Hivite , and the Arkite , and the Sinite , 10 : 18 And the Arvadite , and the Zemarite , and the Hamathite : and afterward were the families of the Canaanites spread abroad .
10 : 19 And the border of the Canaanites was from Sidon , as thou comest to Gerar , unto Gaza ; as thou goest , unto Sodom , and Gomorrah , and Admah , and Zeboim , even unto Lasha .
11 : 31 And Terah took Abram his son , and Lot the son of Haran his son ' s son , and Sarai his daughter in law , his son Abram ' s wife ; and they went forth with them from Ur of the Chaldees , to go into the land of Canaan ; and they came unto Haran , and dwelt there .
12 : 5 And Abram took Sarai his wife , and Lot his brother ' s son , and all their substance that they had gathered , and the souls that they had gotten in Haran ; and they went forth to go into the land of Canaan ; and into the land of Canaan they came .
And the Canaanite was then in the land .
13 : 7 And there was a strife between the herdmen of Abram ' s cattle and the herdmen of Lot ' s cattle : and the Canaanite and the Perizzite dwelled then in the land .
13 : 12 Abram dwelled in the land of Canaan , and Lot dwelled in the cities of the plain , and pitched his tent toward Sodom .
13 : 16 And I will make thy seed as the dust of the earth : so that if a man can number the dust of the earth , then shall thy seed also be numbered .
15 : 18 In the same day the LORD made a covenant with Abram , saying , Unto thy seed have I given this land , from the river of Egypt unto the great river , the river Euphrates : 15 : 19 The Kenites , and the Kenizzites , and the Kadmonites , 15 : 20 And the Hittites , and the Perizzites , and the Rephaims , 15 : 21 And the Amorites , and the Canaanites , and the Girgashites , and the Jebusites .
16 : 3 And Sarai Abram ' s wife took Hagar her maid the Egyptian , after Abram had dwelt ten years in the land of Canaan , and gave her to her husband Abram to be his wife .
17 : 8 And I will give unto thee , and to thy seed after thee , the land wherein thou art a stranger , all the land of Canaan , for an everlasting possession ; and I will be their God .
23 : 2 And Sarah died in Kirjatharba ; the same is Hebron in the land of Canaan : and Abraham came to mourn for Sarah , and to weep for her .
23 : 19 And after this , Abraham buried Sarah his wife in the cave of the field of Machpelah before Mamre : the same is Hebron in the land of Canaan .
24 : 2 And Abraham said unto his eldest servant of his house , that ruled over all that he had , Put , I pray thee , thy hand under my thigh : 24 : 3 And I will make thee swear by the LORD , the God of heaven , and the God of the earth , that thou shalt not take a wife unto my son of the daughters of the Canaanites , among whom I dwell : 24 : 4 But thou shalt go unto my country , and to my kindred , and take a wife unto my son Isaac .
24 : 37 And my master made me swear , saying , Thou shalt not take a wife to my son of the daughters of the Canaanites , in whose land I dwell : 24 : 38 But thou shalt go unto my father ' s house , and to my kindred , and take a wife unto my son .
28 : 1 And Isaac called Jacob , and blessed him , and charged him , and said unto him , Thou shalt not take a wife of the daughters of Canaan .
28 : 6 When Esau saw that Isaac had blessed Jacob , and sent him away to Padanaram , to take him a wife from thence ; and that as he blessed him he gave him a charge , saying , Thou shalt not take a wife of the daughers of Canaan ; 28 : 7 And that Jacob obeyed his father and his mother , and was gone to Padanaram ; 28 : 8 And Esau seeing that the daughters of Canaan pleased not Isaac his father ; 28 : 9 Then went Esau unto Ishmael , and took unto the wives which he had Mahalath the daughter of Ishmael Abraham ' s son , the sister of Nebajoth , to be his wife .
31 : 17 Then Jacob rose up , and set his sons and his wives upon camels ; 31 : 18 And he carried away all his cattle , and all his goods which he had gotten , the cattle of his getting , which he had gotten in Padanaram , for to go to Isaac his father in the land of Canaan .
31 : 43 And Laban answered and said unto Jacob , These daughters are my daughters , and these children are my children , and these cattle are my cattle , and all that thou seest is mine : and what can I do this day unto these my daughters , or unto their children which they have born ?
33 : 18 And Jacob came to Shalem , a city of Shechem , which is in the land of Canaan , when he came from Padanaram ; and pitched his tent before the city .
34 : 30 And Jacob said to Simeon and Levi , Ye have troubled me to make me to stink among the inhabitants of the land , among the Canaanites and the Perizzites : and I being few in number , they shall gather themselves together against me , and slay me ; and I shall be destroyed , I and my house .
35 : 6 So Jacob came to Luz , which is in the land of Canaan , that is , Bethel , he and all the people that were with him .
36 : 2 Esau took his wives of the daughters of Canaan ; Adah the daughter of Elon the Hittite , and Aholibamah the daughter of Anah the daughter of Zibeon the Hivite ; 36 : 3 And Bashemath Ishmael ' s daughter , sister of Nebajoth .
36 : 4 And Adah bare to Esau Eliphaz ; and Bashemath bare Reuel ; 36 : 5 And Aholibamah bare Jeush , and Jaalam , and Korah : these are the sons of Esau , which were born unto him in the land of Canaan .
36 : 6 And Esau took his wives , and his sons , and his daughters , and all the persons of his house , and his cattle , and all his beasts , and all his substance , which he had got in the land of Canaan ; and went into the country from the face of his brother Jacob .
37 : 1 And Jacob dwelt in the land wherein his father was a stranger , in the land of Canaan .
38 : 2 And Judah saw there a daughter of a certain Canaanite , whose name was Shuah ; and he took her , and went in unto her .
39 : 8 But he refused , and said unto his master ' s wife , Behold , my master wotteth not what is with me in the house , and he hath committed all that he hath to my hand ; 39 : 9 There is none greater in this house than I ; neither hath he kept back any thing from me but thee , because thou art his wife : how then can I do this great wickedness , and sin against God ?
41 : 15 And Pharaoh said unto Joseph , I have dreamed a dream , and there is none that can interpret it : and I have heard say of thee , that thou canst understand a dream to interpret it .
41 : 38 And Pharaoh said unto his servants , Can we find such a one as this is , a man in whom the Spirit of God is ?
42 : 5 And the sons of Israel came to buy corn among those that came : for the famine was in the land of Canaan .
And they said , From the land of Canaan to buy food .
42 : 13 And they said , Thy servants are twelve brethren , the sons of one man in the land of Canaan ; and , behold , the youngest is this day with our father , and one is not .
42 : 29 And they came unto Jacob their father unto the land of Canaan , and told him all that befell unto them ; saying , 42 : 30 The man , who is the lord of the land , spake roughly to us , and took us for spies of the country .
42 : 31 And we said unto him , We are true men ; we are no spies : 42 : 32 We be twelve brethren , sons of our father ; one is not , and the youngest is this day with our father in the land of Canaan .
44 : 1 And he commanded the steward of his house , saying , Fill the men ' s sacks with food , as much as they can carry , and put every man ' s money in his sack ' s mouth .
God forbid that thy servants should do according to this thing : 44 : 8 Behold , the money , which we found in our sacks ' mouths , we brought again unto thee out of the land of Canaan : how then should we steal out of thy lord ' s house silver or gold ?
wot ye not that such a man as I can certainly divine ?
45 : 17 And Pharaoh said unto Joseph , Say unto thy brethren , This do ye ; lade your beasts , and go , get you unto the land of Canaan ; 45 : 18 And take your father and your households , and come unto me : and I will give you the good of the land of Egypt , and ye shall eat the fat of the land .
45 : 25 And they went up out of Egypt , and came into the land of Canaan unto Jacob their father , 45 : 26 And told him , saying , Joseph is yet alive , and he is governor over all the land of Egypt .
46 : 6 And they took their cattle , and their goods , which they had gotten in the land of Canaan , and came into Egypt , Jacob , and all his seed with him : 46 : 7 His sons , and his sons ' sons with him , his daughters , and his sons ' daughters , and all his seed brought he with him into Egypt .
46 : 10 And the sons of Simeon ; Jemuel , and Jamin , and Ohad , and Jachin , and Zohar , and Shaul the son of a Canaanitish woman .
46 : 12 And the sons of Judah ; Er , and Onan , and Shelah , and Pharez , and Zarah : but Er and Onan died in the land of Canaan .
46 : 31 And Joseph said unto his brethren , and unto his father ' s house , I will go up , and shew Pharaoh , and say unto him , My brethren , and my father ' s house , which were in the land of Canaan , are come unto me ; 46 : 32 And the men are shepherds , for their trade hath been to feed cattle ; and they have brought their flocks , and their herds , and all that they have .
47 : 1 Then Joseph came and told Pharaoh , and said , My father and my brethren , and their flocks , and their herds , and all that they have , are come out of the land of Canaan ; and , behold , they are in the land of Goshen .
47 : 4 They said morever unto Pharaoh , For to sojourn in the land are we come ; for thy servants have no pasture for their flocks ; for the famine is sore in the land of Canaan : now therefore , we pray thee , let thy servants dwell in the land of Goshen .
47 : 13 And there was no bread in all the land ; for the famine was very sore , so that the land of Egypt and all the land of Canaan fainted by reason of the famine .
47 : 14 And Joseph gathered up all the money that was found in the land of Egypt , and in the land of Canaan , for the corn which they bought : and Joseph brought the money into Pharaoh ' s house .
47 : 15 And when money failed in the land of Egypt , and in the land of Canaan , all the Egyptians came unto Joseph , and said , Give us bread : for why should we die in thy presence ?
48 : 3 And Jacob said unto Joseph , God Almighty appeared unto me at Luz in the land of Canaan , and blessed me , 48 : 4 And said unto me , Behold , I will make thee fruitful , and multiply thee , and I will make of thee a multitude of people ; and will give this land to thy seed after thee for an everlasting possession .
48 : 7 And as for me , when I came from Padan , Rachel died by me in the land of Canaan in the way , when yet there was but a little way to come unto Ephrath : and I buried her there in the way of Ephrath ; the same is Bethlehem .
49 : 29 And he charged them , and said unto them , I am to be gathered unto my people : bury me with my fathers in the cave that is in the field of Ephron the Hittite , 49 : 30 In the cave that is in the field of Machpelah , which is before Mamre , in the land of Canaan , which Abraham bought with the field of Ephron the Hittite for a possession of a buryingplace .
50 : 4 And when the days of his mourning were past , Joseph spake unto the house of Pharaoh , saying , If now I have found grace in your eyes , speak , I pray you , in the ears of Pharaoh , saying , 50 : 5 My father made me swear , saying , Lo , I die : in my grave which I have digged for me in the land of Canaan , there shalt thou bury me .
50 : 11 And when the inhabitants of the land , the Canaanites , saw the mourning in the floor of Atad , they said , This is a grievous mourning to the Egyptians : wherefore the name of it was called Abelmizraim , which is beyond Jordan .
50 : 12 And his sons did unto him according as he commanded them : 50 : 13 For his sons carried him into the land of Canaan , and buried him in the cave of the field of Machpelah , which Abraham bought with the field for a possession of a buryingplace of Ephron the Hittite , before Mamre .
3 : 7 And the LORD said , I have surely seen the affliction of my people which are in Egypt , and have heard their cry by reason of their taskmasters ; for I know their sorrows ; 3 : 8 And I am come down to deliver them out of the hand of the Egyptians , and to bring them up out of that land unto a good land and a large , unto a land flowing with milk and honey ; unto the place of the Canaanites , and the Hittites , and the Amorites , and the Perizzites , and the Hivites , and the Jebusites .
3 : 16 Go , and gather the elders of Israel together , and say unto them , The LORD God of your fathers , the God of Abraham , of Isaac , and of Jacob , appeared unto me , saying , I have surely visited you , and seen that which is done to you in Egypt : 3 : 17 And I have said , I will bring you up out of the affliction of Egypt unto the land of the Canaanites , and the Hittites , and the Amorites , and the Perizzites , and the Hivites , and the Jebusites , unto a land flowing with milk and honey .
I know that he can speak well .
5 : 11 Go ye , get you straw where ye can find it : yet not ought of your work shall be diminished .
6 : 4 And I have also established my covenant with them , to give them the land of Canaan , the land of their pilgrimage , wherein they were strangers .
6 : 15 And the sons of Simeon ; Jemuel , and Jamin , and Ohad , and Jachin , and Zohar , and Shaul the son of a Canaanitish woman : these are the families of Simeon .
13 : 5 And it shall be when the LORD shall bring thee into the land of the Canaanites , and the Hittites , and the Amorites , and the Hivites , and the Jebusites , which he sware unto thy fathers to give thee , a land flowing with milk and honey , that thou shalt keep this service in this month .
13 : 11 And it shall be when the LORD shall bring thee into the land of the Canaanites , as he sware unto thee and to thy fathers , and shall give it thee , 13 : 12 That thou shalt set apart unto the LORD all that openeth the matrix , and every firstling that cometh of a beast which thou hast ; the males shall be the LORD ' s .
15 : 15 Then the dukes of Edom shall be amazed ; the mighty men of Moab , trembling shall take hold upon them ; all the inhabitants of Canaan shall melt away .
16 : 35 And the children of Israel did eat manna forty years , until they came to a land inhabited ; they did eat manna , until they came unto the borders of the land of Canaan .
23 : 23 For mine Angel shall go before thee , and bring thee in unto the Amorites , and the Hittites , and the Perizzites , and the Canaanites , the Hivites , and the Jebusites : and I will cut them off .
23 : 28 And I will send hornets before thee , which shall drive out the Hivite , the Canaanite , and the Hittite , from before thee .
33 : 1 And the LORD said unto Moses , Depart , and go up hence , thou and the people which thou hast brought up out of the land of Egypt , unto the land which I sware unto Abraham , to Isaac , and to Jacob , saying , Unto thy seed will I give it : 33 : 2 And I will send an angel before thee ; and I will drive out the Canaanite , the Amorite , and the Hittite , and the Perizzite , the Hivite , and the Jebusite : 33 : 3 Unto a land flowing with milk and honey : for I will not go up in the midst of thee ; for thou art a stiffnecked people : lest I consume thee in the way .
34 : 11 Observe thou that which I command thee this day : behold , I drive out before thee the Amorite , and the Canaanite , and the Hittite , and the Perizzite , and the Hivite , and the Jebusite .
14 : 30 And he shall offer the one of the turtledoves , or of the young pigeons , such as he can get ; 14 : 31 Even such as he is able to get , the one for a sin offering , and the other for a burnt offering , with the meat offering : and the priest shall make an atonement for him that is to be cleansed before the LORD .
14 : 33 And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron , saying , 14 : 34 When ye be come into the land of Canaan , which I give to you for a possession , and I put the plague of leprosy in a house of the land of your possession ; 14 : 35 And he that owneth the house shall come and tell the priest , saying , It seemeth to me there is as it were a plague in the house : 14 : 36 Then the priest shall command that they empty the house , before the priest go into it to see the plague , that all that is in the house be not made unclean : and afterward the priest shall go in to see the house : 14 : 37 And he shall look on the plague , and , behold , if the plague be in the walls of the house with hollow strakes , greenish or reddish , which in sight are lower than the wall ; 14 : 38 Then the priest shall go out of the house to the door of the house , and shut up the house seven days : 14 : 39 And the priest shall come again the seventh day , and shall look : and , behold , if the plague be spread in the walls of the house ; 14 : 40 Then the priest shall command that they take away the stones in which the plague is , and they shall cast them into an unclean place without the city : 14 : 41 And he shall cause the house to be scraped within round about , and they shall pour out the dust that they scrape off without the city into an unclean place : 14 : 42 And they shall take other stones , and put them in the place of those stones ; and he shall take other morter , and shall plaister the house .
18 : 3 After the doings of the land of Egypt , wherein ye dwelt , shall ye not do : and after the doings of the land of Canaan , whither I bring you , shall ye not do : neither shall ye walk in their ordinances .
25 : 38 I am the LORD your God , which brought you forth out of the land of Egypt , to give you the land of Canaan , and to be your God .
13 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 13 : 2 Send thou men , that they may search the land of Canaan , which I give unto the children of Israel : of every tribe of their fathers shall ye send a man , every one a ruler among them .
13 : 17 And Moses sent them to spy out the land of Canaan , and said unto them , Get you up this way southward , and go up into the mountain : 13 : 18 And see the land , what it is , and the people that dwelleth therein , whether they be strong or weak , few or many ; 13 : 19 And what the land is that they dwell in , whether it be good or bad ; and what cities they be that they dwell in , whether in tents , or in strong holds ; 13 : 20 And what the land is , whether it be fat or lean , whether there be wood therein , or not .
13 : 29 The Amalekites dwell in the land of the south : and the Hittites , and the Jebusites , and the Amorites , dwell in the mountains : and the Canaanites dwell by the sea , and by the coast of Jordan .
14 : 25 ( Now the Amalekites and the Canaanites dwelt in the valley .)
14 : 43 For the Amalekites and the Canaanites are there before you , and ye shall fall by the sword : because ye are turned away from the LORD , therefore the LORD will not be with you .
14 : 45 Then the Amalekites came down , and the Canaanites which dwelt in that hill , and smote them , and discomfited them , even unto Hormah .
21 : 1 And when king Arad the Canaanite , which dwelt in the south , heard tell that Israel came by the way of the spies ; then he fought against Israel , and took some of them prisoners .
21 : 3 And the LORD hearkened to the voice of Israel , and delivered up the Canaanites ; and they utterly destroyed them and their cities : and he called the name of the place Hormah .
23 : 10 Who can count the dust of Jacob , and the number of the fourth part of Israel ?
26 : 19 The sons of Judah were Er and Onan : and Er and Onan died in the land of Canaan .
32 : 28 So concerning them Moses commanded Eleazar the priest , and Joshua the son of Nun , and the chief fathers of the tribes of the children of Israel : 32 : 29 And Moses said unto them , If the children of Gad and the children of Reuben will pass with you over Jordan , every man armed to battle , before the LORD , and the land shall be subdued before you ; then ye shall give them the land of Gilead for a possession : 32 : 30 But if they will not pass over with you armed , they shall have possessions among you in the land of Canaan .
32 : 32 We will pass over armed before the LORD into the land of Canaan , that the possession of our inheritance on this side Jordan may be ours .
33 : 40 And king Arad the Canaanite , which dwelt in the south in the land of Canaan , heard of the coming of the children of Israel .
33 : 50 And the LORD spake unto Moses in the plains of Moab by Jordan near Jericho , saying , 33 : 51 Speak unto the children of Israel , and say unto them , When ye are passed over Jordan into the land of Canaan ; 33 : 52 Then ye shall drive out all the inhabitants of the land from before you , and destroy all their pictures , and destroy all their molten images , and quite pluck down all their high places : 33 : 53 And ye shall dispossess the inhabitants of the land , and dwell therein : for I have given you the land to possess it .
34 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 34 : 2 Command the children of Israel , and say unto them , When ye come into the land of Canaan ; ( this is the land that shall fall unto you for an inheritance , even the land of Canaan with the coasts thereof :) 34 : 3 Then your south quarter shall be from the wilderness of Zin along by the coast of Edom , and your south border shall be the outmost coast of the salt sea eastward : 34 : 4 And your border shall turn from the south to the ascent of Akrabbim , and pass on to Zin : and the going forth thereof shall be from the south to Kadeshbarnea , and shall go on to Hazaraddar , and pass on to Azmon : 34 : 5 And the border shall fetch a compass from Azmon unto the river of Egypt , and the goings out of it shall be at the sea .
34 : 29 These are they whom the LORD commanded to divide the inheritance unto the children of Israel in the land of Canaan .
35 : 9 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 35 : 10 Speak unto the children of Israel , and say unto them , When ye be come over Jordan into the land of Canaan ; 35 : 11 Then ye shall appoint you cities to be cities of refuge for you ; that the slayer may flee thither , which killeth any person at unawares .
35 : 14 Ye shall give three cities on this side Jordan , and three cities shall ye give in the land of Canaan , which shall be cities of refuge .
1 : 3 And it came to pass in the fortieth year , in the eleventh month , on the first day of the month , that Moses spake unto the children of Israel , according unto all that the LORD had given him in commandment unto them ; 1 : 4 After he had slain Sihon the king of the Amorites , which dwelt in Heshbon , and Og the king of Bashan , which dwelt at Astaroth in Edrei : 1 : 5 On this side Jordan , in the land of Moab , began Moses to declare this law , saying , 1 : 6 The LORD our God spake unto us in Horeb , saying , Ye have dwelt long enough in this mount : 1 : 7 Turn you , and take your journey , and go to the mount of the Amorites , and unto all the places nigh thereunto , in the plain , in the hills , and in the vale , and in the south , and by the sea side , to the land of the Canaanites , and unto Lebanon , unto the great river , the river Euphrates .
1 : 12 How can I myself alone bear your cumbrance , and your burden , and your strife ?
3 : 23 And I besought the LORD at that time , saying , 3 : 24 O Lord GOD , thou hast begun to shew thy servant thy greatness , and thy mighty hand : for what God is there in heaven or in earth , that can do according to thy works , and according to thy might ?
7 : 1 When the LORD thy God shall bring thee into the land whither thou goest to possess it , and hath cast out many nations before thee , the Hittites , and the Girgashites , and the Amorites , and the Canaanites , and the Perizzites , and the Hivites , and the Jebusites , seven nations greater and mightier than thou ; 7 : 2 And when the LORD thy God shall deliver them before thee ; thou shalt smite them , and utterly destroy them ; thou shalt make no covenant with them , nor shew mercy unto them : 7 : 3 Neither shalt thou make marriages with them ; thy daughter thou shalt not give unto his son , nor his daughter shalt thou take unto thy son .
7 : 17 If thou shalt say in thine heart , These nations are more than I ; how can I dispossess them ?
9 : 1 Hear , O Israel : Thou art to pass over Jordan this day , to go in to possess nations greater and mightier than thyself , cities great and fenced up to heaven , 9 : 2 A people great and tall , the children of the Anakims , whom thou knowest , and of whom thou hast heard say , Who can stand before the children of Anak !
11 : 30 Are they not on the other side Jordan , by the way where the sun goeth down , in the land of the Canaanites , which dwell in the champaign over against Gilgal , beside the plains of Moreh ?
20 : 16 But of the cities of these people , which the LORD thy God doth give thee for an inheritance , thou shalt save alive nothing that breatheth : 20 : 17 But thou shalt utterly destroy them ; namely , the Hittites , and the Amorites , the Canaanites , and the Perizzites , the Hivites , and the Jebusites ; as the LORD thy God hath commanded thee : 20 : 18 That they teach you not to do after all their abominations , which they have done unto their gods ; so should ye sin against the LORD your God .
31 : 2 And he said unto them , I am an hundred and twenty years old this day ; I can no more go out and come in : also the LORD hath said unto me , Thou shalt not go over this Jordan .
32 : 39 See now that I , even I , am he , and there is no god with me : I kill , and I make alive ; I wound , and I heal : neither is there any that can deliver out of my hand .
32 : 48 And the LORD spake unto Moses that selfsame day , saying , 32 : 49 Get thee up into this mountain Abarim , unto mount Nebo , which is in the land of Moab , that is over against Jericho ; and behold the land of Canaan , which I give unto the children of Israel for a possession : 32 : 50 And die in the mount whither thou goest up , and be gathered unto thy people ; as Aaron thy brother died in mount Hor , and was gathered unto his people : 32 : 51 Because ye trespassed against me among the children of Israel at the waters of MeribahKadesh , in the wilderness of Zin ; because ye sanctified me not in the midst of the children of Israel .
3 : 10 And Joshua said , Hereby ye shall know that the living God is among you , and that he will without fail drive out from before you the Canaanites , and the Hittites , and the Hivites , and the Perizzites , and the Girgashites , and the Amorites , and the Jebusites .
5 : 1 And it came to pass , when all the kings of the Amorites , which were on the side of Jordan westward , and all the kings of the Canaanites , which were by the sea , heard that the LORD had dried up the waters of Jordan from before the children of Israel , until we were passed over , that their heart melted , neither was there spirit in them any more , because of the children of Israel .
5 : 12 And the manna ceased on the morrow after they had eaten of the old corn of the land ; neither had the children of Israel manna any more ; but they did eat of the fruit of the land of Canaan that year .
7 : 9 For the Canaanites and all the inhabitants of the land shall hear of it , and shall environ us round , and cut off our name from the earth : and what wilt thou do unto thy great name ?
9 : 1 And it came to pass , when all the kings which were on this side Jordan , in the hills , and in the valleys , and in all the coasts of the great sea over against Lebanon , the Hittite , and the Amorite , the Canaanite , the Perizzite , the Hivite , and the Jebusite , heard thereof ; 9 : 2 That they gathered themselves together , to fight with Joshua and with Israel , with one accord .
11 : 1 And it came to pass , when Jabin king of Hazor had heard those things , that he sent to Jobab king of Madon , and to the king of Shimron , and to the king of Achshaph , 11 : 2 And to the kings that were on the north of the mountains , and of the plains south of Chinneroth , and in the valley , and in the borders of Dor on the west , 11 : 3 And to the Canaanite on the east and on the west , and to the Amorite , and the Hittite , and the Perizzite , and the Jebusite in the mountains , and to the Hivite under Hermon in the land of Mizpeh .
12 : 7 And these are the kings of the country which Joshua and the children of Israel smote on this side Jordan on the west , from Baalgad in the valley of Lebanon even unto the mount Halak , that goeth up to Seir ; which Joshua gave unto the tribes of Israel for a possession according to their divisions ; 12 : 8 In the mountains , and in the valleys , and in the plains , and in the springs , and in the wilderness , and in the south country ; the Hittites , the Amorites , and the Canaanites , the Perizzites , the Hivites , and the Jebusites : 12 : 9 The king of Jericho , one ; the king of Ai , which is beside Bethel , one ; 12 : 10 The king of Jerusalem , one ; the king of Hebron , one ; 12 : 11 The king of Jarmuth , one ; the king of Lachish , one ; 12 : 12 The king of Eglon , one ; the king of Gezer , one ; 12 : 13 The king of Debir , one ; the king of Geder , one ; 12 : 14 The king of Hormah , one ; the king of Arad , one ; 12 : 15 The king of Libnah , one ; the king of Adullam , one ; 12 : 16 The king of Makkedah , one ; the king of Bethel , one ; 12 : 17 The king of Tappuah , one ; the king of Hepher , one ; 12 : 18 The king of Aphek , one ; the king of Lasharon , one ; 12 : 19 The king of Madon , one ; the king of Hazor , one ; 12 : 20 The king of Shimronmeron , one ; the king of Achshaph , one ; 12 : 21 The king of Taanach , one ; the king of Megiddo , one ; 12 : 22 The king of Kedesh , one ; the king of Jokneam of Carmel , one ; 12 : 23 The king of Dor in the coast of Dor , one ; the king of the nations of Gilgal , one ; 12 : 24 The king of Tirzah , one : all the kings thirty and one .
13 : 2 This is the land that yet remaineth : all the borders of the Philistines , and all Geshuri , 13 : 3 From Sihor , which is before Egypt , even unto the borders of Ekron northward , which is counted to the Canaanite : five lords of the Philistines ; the Gazathites , and the Ashdothites , the Eshkalonites , the Gittites , and the Ekronites ; also the Avites : 13 : 4 From the south , all the land of the Canaanites , and Mearah that is beside the Sidonians unto Aphek , to the borders of the Amorites : 13 : 5 And the land of the Giblites , and all Lebanon , toward the sunrising , from Baalgad under mount Hermon unto the entering into Hamath .
14 : 1 And these are the countries which the children of Israel inherited in the land of Canaan , which Eleazar the priest , and Joshua the son of Nun , and the heads of the fathers of the tribes of the children of Israel , distributed for inheritance to them .
16 : 10 And they drave not out the Canaanites that dwelt in Gezer : but the Canaanites dwell among the Ephraimites unto this day , and serve under tribute .
17 : 12 Yet the children of Manasseh could not drive out the inhabitants of those cities ; but the Canaanites would dwell in that land .
17 : 13 Yet it came to pass , when the children of Israel were waxen strong , that they put the Canaanites to tribute , but did not utterly drive them out .
17 : 16 And the children of Joseph said , The hill is not enough for us : and all the Canaanites that dwell in the land of the valley have chariots of iron , both they who are of Bethshean and her towns , and they who are of the valley of Jezreel .
17 : 17 And Joshua spake unto the house of Joseph , even to Ephraim and to Manasseh , saying , Thou art a great people , and hast great power : thou shalt not have one lot only : 17 : 18 But the mountain shall be thine ; for it is a wood , and thou shalt cut it down : and the outgoings of it shall be thine : for thou shalt drive out the Canaanites , though they have iron chariots , and though they be strong .
21 : 1 Then came near the heads of the fathers of the Levites unto Eleazar the priest , and unto Joshua the son of Nun , and unto the heads of the fathers of the tribes of the children of Israel ; 21 : 2 And they spake unto them at Shiloh in the land of Canaan , saying , The LORD commanded by the hand of Moses to give us cities to dwell in , with the suburbs thereof for our cattle .
22 : 9 And the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the half tribe of Manasseh returned , and departed from the children of Israel out of Shiloh , which is in the land of Canaan , to go unto the country of Gilead , to the land of their possession , whereof they were possessed , according to the word of the LORD by the hand of Moses .
22 : 10 And when they came unto the borders of Jordan , that are in the land of Canaan , the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the half tribe of Manasseh built there an altar by Jordan , a great altar to see to .
22 : 11 And the children of Israel heard say , Behold , the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the half tribe of Manasseh have built an altar over against the land of Canaan , in the borders of Jordan , at the passage of the children of Israel .
22 : 32 And Phinehas the son of Eleazar the priest , and the princes , returned from the children of Reuben , and from the children of Gad , out of the land of Gilead , unto the land of Canaan , to the children of Israel , and brought them word again .
24 : 3 And I took your father Abraham from the other side of the flood , and led him throughout all the land of Canaan , and multiplied his seed , and gave him Isaac .
24 : 11 And you went over Jordan , and came unto Jericho : and the men of Jericho fought against you , the Amorites , and the Perizzites , and the Canaanites , and the Hittites , and the Girgashites , the Hivites , and the Jebusites ; and I delivered them into your hand .
1 : 1 Now after the death of Joshua it came to pass , that the children of Israel asked the LORD , saying , Who shall go up for us against the Canaanites first , to fight against them ?
1 : 3 And Judah said unto Simeon his brother , Come up with me into my lot , that we may fight against the Canaanites ; and I likewise will go with thee into thy lot .
1 : 4 And Judah went up ; and the LORD delivered the Canaanites and the Perizzites into their hand : and they slew of them in Bezek ten thousand men .
1 : 5 And they found Adonibezek in Bezek : and they fought against him , and they slew the Canaanites and the Perizzites .
1 : 9 And afterward the children of Judah went down to fight against the Canaanites , that dwelt in the mountain , and in the south , and in the valley .
1 : 10 And Judah went against the Canaanites that dwelt in Hebron : ( now the name of Hebron before was Kirjatharba :) and they slew Sheshai , and Ahiman , and Talmai .
1 : 17 And Judah went with Simeon his brother , and they slew the Canaanites that inhabited Zephath , and utterly destroyed it .
1 : 27 Neither did Manasseh drive out the inhabitants of Bethshean and her towns , nor Taanach and her towns , nor the inhabitants of Dor and her towns , nor the inhabitants of Ibleam and her towns , nor the inhabitants of Megiddo and her towns : but the Canaanites would dwell in that land .
1 : 28 And it came to pass , when Israel was strong , that they put the Canaanites to tribute , and did not utterly drive them out .
1 : 29 Neither did Ephraim drive out the Canaanites that dwelt in Gezer ; but the Canaanites dwelt in Gezer among them .
1 : 30 Neither did Zebulun drive out the inhabitants of Kitron , nor the inhabitants of Nahalol ; but the Canaanites dwelt among them , and became tributaries .
1 : 31 Neither did Asher drive out the inhabitants of Accho , nor the inhabitants of Zidon , nor of Ahlab , nor of Achzib , nor of Helbah , nor of Aphik , nor of Rehob : 1 : 32 But the Asherites dwelt among the Canaanites , the inhabitants of the land : for they did not drive them out .
1 : 33 Neither did Naphtali drive out the inhabitants of Bethshemesh , nor the inhabitants of Bethanath ; but he dwelt among the Canaanites , the inhabitants of the land : nevertheless the inhabitants of Bethshemesh and of Bethanath became tributaries unto them .
3 : 1 Now these are the nations which the LORD left , to prove Israel by them , even as many of Israel as had not known all the wars of Canaan ; 3 : 2 Only that the generations of the children of Israel might know , to teach them war , at the least such as before knew nothing thereof ; 3 : 3 Namely , five lords of the Philistines , and all the Canaanites , and the Sidonians , and the Hivites that dwelt in mount Lebanon , from mount Baalhermon unto the entering in of Hamath .
3 : 5 And the children of Israel dwelt among the Canaanites , Hittites , and Amorites , and Perizzites , and Hivites , and Jebusites : 3 : 6 And they took their daughters to be their wives , and gave their daughters to their sons , and served their gods .
4 : 2 And the LORD sold them into the hand of Jabin king of Canaan , that reigned in Hazor ; the captain of whose host was Sisera , which dwelt in Harosheth of the Gentiles .
4 : 23 So God subdued on that day Jabin the king of Canaan before the children of Israel .
4 : 24 And the hand of the children of Israel prospered , and prevailed against Jabin the king of Canaan , until they had destroyed Jabin king of Canaan .
5 : 19 The kings came and fought , then fought the kings of Canaan in Taanach by the waters of Megiddo ; they took no gain of money .
14 : 12 And Samson said unto them , I will now put forth a riddle unto you : if ye can certainly declare it me within the seven days of the feast , and find it out , then I will give you thirty sheets and thirty change of garments : 14 : 13 But if ye cannot declare it me , then shall ye give me thirty sheets and thirty change of garments .
21 : 12 And they found among the inhabitants of Jabeshgilead four hundred young virgins , that had known no man by lying with any male : and they brought them unto the camp to Shiloh , which is in the land of Canaan .
9 : 6 And he said unto him , Behold now , there is in this city a man of God , and he is an honourable man ; all that he saith cometh surely to pass : now let us go thither ; peradventure he can shew us our way that we should go .
16 : 2 And Samuel said , How can I go ?
16 : 17 And Saul said unto his servants , Provide me now a man that can play well , and bring him to me .
18 : 8 And Saul was very wroth , and the saying displeased him ; and he said , They have ascribed unto David ten thousands , and to me they have ascribed but thousands : and what can he have more but the kingdom ?
26 : 9 And David said to Abishai , Destroy him not : for who can stretch forth his hand against the LORD ' s anointed , and be guiltless ?
28 : 2 And David said to Achish , Surely thou shalt know what thy servant can do .
7 : 20 And what can David say more unto thee ?
12 : 22 And he said , While the child was yet alive , I fasted and wept : for I said , Who can tell whether GOD will be gracious to me , that the child may live ?
can I bring him back again ?
And the woman answered and said , As thy soul liveth , my lord the king , none can turn to the right hand or to the left from ought that my lord the king hath spoken : for thy servant Joab , he bade me , and he put all these words in the mouth of thine handmaid : 14 : 20 To fetch about this form of speech hath thy servant Joab done this thing : and my lord is wise , according to the wisdom of an angel of God , to know all things that are in the earth .
15 : 36 Behold , they have there with them their two sons , Ahimaaz Zadok ' s son , and Jonathan Abiathar ' s son ; and by them ye shall send unto me every thing that ye can hear .
19 : 35 I am this day fourscore years old : and can I discern between good and evil ?
can thy servant taste what I eat or what I drink ?
can I hear any more the voice of singing men and singing women ?
24 : 5 And they passed over Jordan , and pitched in Aroer , on the right side of the city that lieth in the midst of the river of Gad , and toward Jazer : 24 : 6 Then they came to Gilead , and to the land of Tahtimhodshi ; and they came to Danjaan , and about to Zidon , 24 : 7 And came to the strong hold of Tyre , and to all the cities of the Hivites , and of the Canaanites : and they went out to the south of Judah , even to Beersheba .
5 : 6 Now therefore command thou that they hew me cedar trees out of Lebanon ; and my servants shall be with thy servants : and unto thee will I give hire for thy servants according to all that thou shalt appoint : for thou knowest that there is not among us any that can skill to hew timber like unto the Sidonians .
9 : 16 For Pharaoh king of Egypt had gone up , and taken Gezer , and burnt it with fire , and slain the Canaanites that dwelt in the city , and given it for a present unto his daughter , Solomon ' s wife .
1 : 8 The sons of Ham ; Cush , and Mizraim , Put , and Canaan .
1 : 13 And Canaan begat Zidon his firstborn , and Heth , 1 : 14 The Jebusite also , and the Amorite , and the Girgashite , 1 : 15 And the Hivite , and the Arkite , and the Sinite , 1 : 16 And the Arvadite , and the Zemarite , and the Hamathite .
2 : 3 The sons of Judah ; Er , and Onan , and Shelah : which three were born unto him of the daughter of Shua the Canaanitess .
16 : 15 Be ye mindful always of his covenant ; the word which he commanded to a thousand generations ; 16 : 16 Even of the covenant which he made with Abraham , and of his oath unto Isaac ; 16 : 17 And hath confirmed the same to Jacob for a law , and to Israel for an everlasting covenant , 16 : 18 Saying , Unto thee will I give the land of Canaan , the lot of your inheritance ; 16 : 19 When ye were but few , even a few , and strangers in it .
17 : 18 What can David speak more to thee for the honour of thy servant ?
1 : 10 Give me now wisdom and knowledge , that I may go out and come in before this people : for who can judge this thy people , that is so great ?
2 : 7 Send me now therefore a man cunning to work in gold , and in silver , and in brass , and in iron , and in purple , and crimson , and blue , and that can skill to grave with the cunning men that are with me in Judah and in Jerusalem , whom David my father did provide .
2 : 8 Send me also cedar trees , fir trees , and algum trees , out of Lebanon : for I know that thy servants can skill to cut timber in Lebanon ; and , behold , my servants shall be with thy servants , 2 : 9 Even to prepare me timber in abundance : for the house which I am about to build shall be wonderful great .
9 : 1 Now when these things were done , the princes came to me , saying , The people of Israel , and the priests , and the Levites , have not separated themselves from the people of the lands , doing according to their abominations , even of the Canaanites , the Hittites , the Perizzites , the Jebusites , the Ammonites , the Moabites , the Egyptians , and the Amorites .
9 : 7 Thou art the LORD the God , who didst choose Abram , and broughtest him forth out of Ur of the Chaldees , and gavest him the name of Abraham ; 9 : 8 And foundest his heart faithful before thee , and madest a covenant with him to give the land of the Canaanites , the Hittites , the Amorites , and the Perizzites , and the Jebusites , and the Girgashites , to give it , I say , to his seed , and hast performed thy words ; for thou art righteous : 9 : 9 And didst see the affliction of our fathers in Egypt , and heardest their cry by the Red sea ; 9 : 10 And shewedst signs and wonders upon Pharaoh , and on all his servants , and on all the people of his land : for thou knewest that they dealt proudly against them .
9 : 24 So the children went in and possessed the land , and thou subduedst before them the inhabitants of the land , the Canaanites , and gavest them into their hands , with their kings , and the people of the land , that they might do with them as they would .
So Esther arose , and stood before the king , 8 : 5 And said , If it please the king , and if I have favour in his sight , and the thing seem right before the king , and I be pleasing in his eyes , let it be written to reverse the letters devised by Haman the son of Hammedatha the Agagite , which he wrote to destroy the Jews which are in all the king ' s provinces : 8 : 6 For how can I endure to see the evil that shall come unto my people ?
or how can I endure to see the destruction of my kindred ?
3 : 20 Wherefore is light given to him that is in misery , and life unto the bitter in soul ; 3 : 21 Which long for death , but it cometh not ; and dig for it more than for hid treasures ; 3 : 22 Which rejoice exceedingly , and are glad , when they can find the grave ?
but who can withhold himself from speaking ?
6 : 6 Can that which is unsavoury be eaten without salt ?
8 : 11 Can the rush grow up without mire ?
can the flag grow without water ?
9 : 12 Behold , he taketh away , who can hinder him ?
10 : 7 Thou knowest that I am not wicked ; and there is none that can deliver out of thine hand .
11 : 10 If he cut off , and shut up , or gather together , then who can hinder him ?
12 : 14 Behold , he breaketh down , and it cannot be built again : he shutteth up a man , and there can be no opening .
14 : 4 Who can bring a clean thing out of an unclean ?
or with speeches wherewith he can do no good ?
22 : 1 Then Eliphaz the Temanite answered and said , 22 : 2 Can a man be profitable unto God , as he that is wise may be profitable unto himself ?
can he judge through the dark cloud ?
22 : 16 Which were cut down out of time , whose foundation was overflown with a flood : 22 : 17 Which said unto God , Depart from us : and what can the Almighty do for them ?
23 : 13 But he is in one mind , and who can turn him ?
25 : 4 How then can man be justified with God ?
or how can he be clean that is born of a woman ?
but the thunder of his power who can understand ?
34 : 29 When he giveth quietness , who then can make trouble ?
and when he hideth his face , who then can behold him ?
or who can say , Thou hast wrought iniquity ?
36 : 26 Behold , God is great , and we know him not , neither can the number of his years be searched out .
36 : 29 Also can any understand the spreadings of the clouds , or the noise of his tabernacle ?
38 : 37 Who can number the clouds in wisdom ?
or who can stay the bottles of heaven , 38 : 38 When the dust groweth into hardness , and the clods cleave fast together ?
40 : 14 Then will I also confess unto thee that thine own right hand can save thee .
40 : 19 He is the chief of the ways of God : he that made him can make his sword to approach unto him .
40 : 23 Behold , he drinketh up a river , and hasteth not : he trusteth that he can draw up Jordan into his mouth .
41 : 13 Who can discover the face of his garment ?
or who can come to him with his double bridle ?
41 : 14 Who can open the doors of his face ?
41 : 16 One is so near to another , that no air can come between them .
42 : 1 Then Job answered the LORD , and said , 42 : 2 I know that thou canst do every thing , and that no thought can be withholden from thee .
11 : 3 If the foundations be destroyed , what can the righteous do ?
19 : 12 Who can understand his errors ?
22 : 29 All they that be fat upon earth shall eat and worship : all they that go down to the dust shall bow before him : and none can keep alive his own soul .
40 : 5 Many , O LORD my God , are thy wonderful works which thou hast done , and thy thoughts which are to us - ward : they cannot be reckoned up in order unto thee : if I would declare and speak of them , they are more than can be numbered .
49 : 7 None of them can by any means redeem his brother , nor give to God a ransom for him :
56 : 4 In God I will praise his word , in God I have put my trust ; I will not fear what flesh can do unto me .
56 : 11 In God have I put my trust : I will not be afraid what man can do unto me .
58 : 9 Before your pots can feel the thorns , he shall take them away as with a whirlwind , both living , and in his wrath .
78 : 19 Yea , they spake against God ; they said , Can God furnish a table in the wilderness ?
78 : 20 Behold , he smote the rock , that the waters gushed out , and the streams overflowed ; can he give bread also ?
can he provide flesh for his people ?
89 : 6 For who in the heaven can be compared unto the LORD ?
who among the sons of the mighty can be likened unto the LORD ?
105 : 11 Saying , Unto thee will I give the land of Canaan , the lot of your inheritance :
106 : 2 Who can utter the mighty acts of the LORD ?
who can shew forth all his praise ?
106 : 38 And shed innocent blood , even the blood of their sons and of their daughters , whom they sacrificed unto the idols of Canaan : and the land was polluted with blood .
118 : 6 The LORD is on my side ; I will not fear : what can man do unto me ?
135 : 11 Sihon king of the Amorites , and Og king of Bashan , and all the kingdoms of Canaan :
147 : 17 He casteth forth his ice like morsels : who can stand before his cold ?
6 : 27 Can a man take fire in his bosom , and his clothes not be burned ?
6 : 28 Can one go upon hot coals , and his feet not be burned ?
18 : 14 The spirit of a man will sustain his infirmity ; but a wounded spirit who can bear ?
20 : 6 Most men will proclaim every one his own goodness : but a faithful man who can find ?
20 : 9 Who can say , I have made my heart clean , I am pure from my sin ?
20 : 24 Man ' s goings are of the LORD ; how can a man then understand his own way ?
26 : 16 The sluggard is wiser in his own conceit than seven men that can render a reason .
31 : 10 Who can find a virtuous woman ?
2 : 12 And I turned myself to behold wisdom , and madness , and folly : for what can the man do that cometh after the king ?
2 : 25 For who can eat , or who else can hasten hereunto , more than I ?
3 : 11 He hath made every thing beautiful in his time : also he hath set the world in their heart , so that no man can find out the work that God maketh from the beginning to the end .
3 : 14 I know that , whatsoever God doeth , it shall be for ever : nothing can be put to it , nor any thing taken from it : and God doeth it , that men should fear before him .
4 : 11 Again , if two lie together , then they have heat : but how can one be warm alone ?
for who can tell a man what shall be after him under the sun ?
7 : 13 Consider the work of God : for who can make that straight , which he hath made crooked ?
7 : 24 That which is far off , and exceeding deep , who can find it out ?
8 : 7 For he knoweth not that which shall be : for who can tell him when it shall be ?
10 : 14 A fool also is full of words : a man cannot tell what shall be ; and what shall be after him , who can tell him ?
8 : 7 Many waters cannot quench love , neither can the floods drown it : if a man would give all the substance of his house for love , it would utterly be contemned .
19 : 18 In that day shall five cities in the land of Egypt speak the language of Canaan , and swear to the LORD of hosts ; one shall be called , The city of destruction .
28 : 20 For the bed is shorter than that a man can stretch himself on it : and the covering narrower than that he can wrap himself in it .
38 : 18 For the grave cannot praise thee , death can not celebrate thee : they that go down into the pit cannot hope for thy truth .
43 : 9 Let all the nations be gathered together , and let the people be assembled : who among them can declare this , and shew us former things ?
43 : 13 Yea , before the day was I am he ; and there is none that can deliver out of my hand : I will work , and who shall let it ?
46 : 7 They bear him upon the shoulder , they carry him , and set him in his place , and he standeth ; from his place shall he not remove : yea , one shall cry unto him , yet can he not answer , nor save him out of his trouble .
49 : 15 Can a woman forget her sucking child , that she should not have compassion on the son of her womb ?
56 : 11 Yea , they are greedy dogs which can never have enough , and they are shepherds that cannot understand : they all look to their own way , every one for his gain , from his quarter .
2 : 13 For my people have committed two evils ; they have forsaken me the fountain of living waters , and hewed them out cisterns , broken cisterns , that can hold no water .
see thy way in the valley , know what thou hast done : thou art a swift dromedary traversing her ways ; 2 : 24 A wild ass used to the wilderness , that snuffeth up the wind at her pleasure ; in her occasion who can turn her away ?
let them arise , if they can save thee in the time of thy trouble : for according to the number of thy cities are thy gods , O Judah .
2 : 32 Can a maid forget her ornaments , or a bride her attire ?
4 : 4 Circumcise yourselves to the LORD , and take away the foreskins of your heart , ye men of Judah and inhabitants of Jerusalem : lest my fury come forth like fire , and burn that none can quench it , because of the evil of your doings .
5 : 1 Run ye to and fro through the streets of Jerusalem , and see now , and know , and seek in the broad places thereof , if ye can find a man , if there be any that executeth judgment , that seeketh the truth ; and I will pardon it .
saith the LORD : will ye not tremble at my presence , which have placed the sand for the bound of the sea by a perpetual decree , that it cannot pass it : and though the waves thereof toss themselves , yet can they not prevail ; though they roar , yet can they not pass over it ?
9 : 10 For the mountains will I take up a weeping and wailing , and for the habitations of the wilderness a lamentation , because they are burned up , so that none can pass through them ; neither can men hear the voice of the cattle ; both the fowl of the heavens and the beast are fled ; they are gone .
13 : 23 Can the Ethiopian change his skin , or the leopard his spots ?
14 : 22 Are there any among the vanities of the Gentiles that can cause rain ?
or can the heavens give showers ?
17 : 9 The heart is deceitful above all things , and desperately wicked : who can know it ?
21 : 11 And touching the house of the king of Judah , say , Hear ye the word of the LORD ; 21 : 12 O house of David , thus saith the LORD ; Execute judgment in the morning , and deliver him that is spoiled out of the hand of the oppressor , lest my fury go out like fire , and burn that none can quench it , because of the evil of your doings .
23 : 24 Can any hide himself in secret places that I shall not see him ?
31 : 37 Thus saith the LORD ; If heaven above can be measured , and the foundations of the earth searched out beneath , I will also cast off all the seed of Israel for all that they have done , saith the LORD .
33 : 19 And the word of the LORD came unto Jeremiah , saying , 33 : 20 Thus saith the LORD ; If ye can break my covenant of the day , and my covenant of the night , and that there should not be day and night in their season ; 33 : 21 Then may also my covenant be broken with David my servant , that he should not have a son to reign upon his throne ; and with the Levites the priests , my ministers .
38 : 5 Then Zedekiah the king said , Behold , he is in your hand : for the king is not he that can do any thing against you .
47 : 7 How can it be quiet , seeing the LORD hath given it a charge against Ashkelon , and against the sea shore ?
for thy breach is great like the sea : who can heal thee ?
16 : 1 Again the word of the LORD came unto me , saying , 16 : 2 Son of man , cause Jerusalem to know her abominations , 16 : 3 And say , Thus saith the Lord GOD unto Jerusalem ; Thy birth and thy nativity is of the land of Canaan ; thy father was an Amorite , and thy mother an Hittite .
16 : 29 Thou hast moreover multiplied thy fornication in the land of Canaan unto Chaldea ; and yet thou wast not satisfied therewith .
22 : 14 Can thine heart endure , or can thine hands be strong , in the days that I shall deal with thee ?
27 : 23 Haran , and Canneh , and Eden , the merchants of Sheba , Asshur , and Chilmad , were thy merchants .
28 : 1 The word of the LORD came again unto me , saying , 28 : 2 Son of man , say unto the prince of Tyrus , Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Because thine heart is lifted up , and thou hast said , I am a God , I sit in the seat of God , in the midst of the seas ; yet thou art a man , and not God , though thou set thine heart as the heart of God : 28 : 3 Behold , thou art wiser than Daniel ; there is no secret that they can hide from thee : 28 : 4 With thy wisdom and with thine understanding thou hast gotten thee riches , and hast gotten gold and silver into thy treasures : 28 : 5 By thy great wisdom and by thy traffick hast thou increased thy riches , and thine heart is lifted up because of thy riches : 28 : 6 Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD ; Because thou hast set thine heart as the heart of God ; 28 : 7 Behold , therefore I will bring strangers upon thee , the terrible of the nations : and they shall draw their swords against the beauty of thy wisdom , and they shall defile thy brightness .
33 : 32 And , lo , thou art unto them as a very lovely song of one that hath a pleasant voice , and can play well on an instrument : for they hear thy words , but they do them not .
37 : 3 And he said unto me , Son of man , can these bones live ?
2 : 9 But if ye will not make known unto me the dream , there is but one decree for you : for ye have prepared lying and corrupt words to speak before me , till the time be changed : therefore tell me the dream , and I shall know that ye can shew me the interpretation thereof .
2 : 10 The Chaldeans answered before the king , and said , There is not a man upon the earth that can shew the king ' s matter : therefore there is no king , lord , nor ruler , that asked such things at any magician , or astrologer , or Chaldean .
2 : 11 And it is a rare thing that the king requireth , and there is none other that can shew it before the king , except the gods , whose dwelling is not with flesh .
3 : 29 Therefore I make a decree , That every people , nation , and language , which speak any thing amiss against the God of Shadrach , Meshach , and Abednego , shall be cut in pieces , and their houses shall be made a dunghill : because there is no other God that can deliver after this sort .
4 : 34 And at the end of the days I Nebuchadnezzar lifted up mine eyes unto heaven , and mine understanding returned unto me , and I blessed the most High , and I praised and honoured him that liveth for ever , whose dominion is an everlasting dominion , and his kingdom is from generation to generation : 4 : 35 And all the inhabitants of the earth are reputed as nothing : and he doeth according to his will in the army of heaven , and among the inhabitants of the earth : and none can stay his hand , or say unto him , What doest thou ?
10 : 17 For how can the servant of this my lord talk with this my lord ?
1 : 4 That which the palmerworm hath left hath the locust eaten ; and that which the locust hath left hath the cankerworm eaten ; and that which the cankerworm hath left hath the caterpiller eaten .
2 : 10 The earth shall quake before them ; the heavens shall tremble : the sun and the moon shall be dark , and the stars shall withdraw their shining : 2 : 11 And the LORD shall utter his voice before his army : for his camp is very great : for he is strong that executeth his word : for the day of the LORD is great and very terrible ; and who can abide it ?
2 : 25 And I will restore to you the years that the locust hath eaten , the cankerworm , and the caterpiller , and the palmerworm , my great army which I sent among you .
3 : 3 Can two walk together , except they be agreed ?
3 : 5 Can a bird fall in a snare upon the earth , where no gin is for him ?
the Lord GOD hath spoken , who can but prophesy ?
1 : 20 And the captivity of this host of the children of Israel shall possess that of the Canaanites , even unto Zarephath ; and the captivity of Jerusalem , which is in Sepharad , shall possess the cities of the south .
3 : 9 Who can tell if God will turn and repent , and turn away from his fierce anger , that we perish not ?
none evil can come upon us .
5 : 8 And the remnant of Jacob shall be among the Gentiles in the midst of many people as a lion among the beasts of the forest , as a young lion among the flocks of sheep : who , if he go through , both treadeth down , and teareth in pieces , and none can deliver .
1 : 6 Who can stand before his indignation ?
and who can abide in the fierceness of his anger ?
3 : 15 There shall the fire devour thee ; the sword shall cut thee off , it shall eat thee up like the cankerworm : make thyself many as the cankerworm , make thyself many as the locusts .
3 : 16 Thou hast multiplied thy merchants above the stars of heaven : the cankerworm spoileth , and fleeth away .
the word of the LORD is against you ; O Canaan , the land of the Philistines , I will even destroy thee , that there shall be no inhabitant .
14 : 21 Yea , every pot in Jerusalem and in Judah shall be holiness unto the LORD of hosts : and all they that sacrifice shall come and take of them , and seethe therein : and in that day there shall be no more the Canaanite in the house of the LORD of hosts .
6 : 24 No man can serve two masters : for either he will hate the one , and love the other ; or else he will hold to the one , and despise the other .
6 : 27 Which of you by taking thought can add one cubit unto his stature ?
7 : 18 A good tree cannot bring forth evil fruit , neither can a corrupt tree bring forth good fruit .
9 : 15 And Jesus said unto them , Can the children of the bridechamber mourn , as long as the bridegroom is with them ?
10 : 2 Now the names of the twelve apostles are these ; The first , Simon , who is called Peter , and Andrew his brother ; James the son of Zebedee , and John his brother ; 10 : 3 Philip , and Bartholomew ; Thomas , and Matthew the publican ; James the son of Alphaeus , and Lebbaeus , whose surname was Thaddaeus ; 10 : 4 Simon the Canaanite , and Judas Iscariot , who also betrayed him .
12 : 29 Or else how can one enter into a strong man ' s house , and spoil his goods , except he first bind the strong man ?
12 : 34 O generation of vipers , how can ye , being evil , speak good things ?
15 : 22 And , behold , a woman of Canaan came out of the same coasts , and cried unto him , saying , Have mercy on me , O Lord , thou son of David ; my daughter is grievously vexed with a devil .
O ye hypocrites , ye can discern the face of the sky ; but can ye not discern the signs of the times ?
19 : 25 When his disciples heard it , they were exceedingly amazed , saying , Who then can be saved ?
23 : 33 Ye serpents , ye generation of vipers , how can ye escape the damnation of hell ?
27 : 65 Pilate said unto them , Ye have a watch : go your way , make it as sure as ye can .
who can forgive sins but God only ?
2 : 19 And Jesus said unto them , Can the children of the bridechamber fast , while the bridegroom is with them ?
3 : 14 And he ordained twelve , that they should be with him , and that he might send them forth to preach , 3 : 15 And to have power to heal sicknesses , and to cast out devils : 3 : 16 And Simon he surnamed Peter ; 3 : 17 And James the son of Zebedee , and John the brother of James ; and he surnamed them Boanerges , which is , The sons of thunder : 3 : 18 And Andrew , and Philip , and Bartholomew , and Matthew , and Thomas , and James the son of Alphaeus , and Thaddaeus , and Simon the Canaanite , 3 : 19 And Judas Iscariot , which also betrayed him : and they went into an house .
3 : 23 And he called them unto him , and said unto them in parables , How can Satan cast out Satan ?
3 : 27 No man can enter into a strong man ' s house , and spoil his goods , except he will first bind the strong man ; and then he will spoil his house .
7 : 14 And when he had called all the people unto him , he said unto them , Hearken unto me every one of you , and understand : 7 : 15 There is nothing from without a man , that entering into him can defile him : but the things which come out of him , those are they that defile the man .
8 : 4 And his disciples answered him , From whence can a man satisfy these men with bread here in the wilderness ?
9 : 3 And his raiment became shining , exceeding white as snow ; so as no fuller on earth can white them .
9 : 29 And he said unto them , This kind can come forth by nothing , but by prayer and fasting .
9 : 39 But Jesus said , Forbid him not : for there is no man which shall do a miracle in my name , that can lightly speak evil of me .
10 : 26 And they were astonished out of measure , saying among themselves , Who then can be saved ?
10 : 38 But Jesus said unto them , Ye know not what ye ask : can ye drink of the cup that I drink of ?
10 : 39 And they said unto him , We can .
Who can forgive sins , but God alone ?
5 : 34 And he said unto them , Can ye make the children of the bridechamber fast , while the bridegroom is with them ?
6 : 39 And he spake a parable unto them , Can the blind lead the blind ?
12 : 4 And I say unto you my friends , Be not afraid of them that kill the body , and after that have no more that they can do .
12 : 25 And which of you with taking thought can add to his stature one cubit ?
12 : 56 Ye hypocrites , ye can discern the face of the sky and of the earth ; but how is it that ye do not discern this time ?
16 : 13 No servant can serve two masters : for either he will hate the one , and love the other ; or else he will hold to the one , and despise the other .
16 : 26 And beside all this , between us and you there is a great gulf fixed : so that they which would pass from hence to you cannot ; neither can they pass to us , that would come from thence .
18 : 26 And they that heard it said , Who then can be saved ?
20 : 34 And Jesus answering said unto them , The children of this world marry , and are given in marriage : 20 : 35 But they which shall be accounted worthy to obtain that world , and the resurrection from the dead , neither marry , nor are given in marriage : 20 : 36 Neither can they die any more : for they are equal unto the angels ; and are the children of God , being the children of the resurrection .
1 : 46 And Nathanael said unto him , Can there any good thing come out of Nazareth ?
2 : 1 And the third day there was a marriage in Cana of Galilee ; and the mother of Jesus was there : 2 : 2 And both Jesus was called , and his disciples , to the marriage .
2 : 11 This beginning of miracles did Jesus in Cana of Galilee , and manifested forth his glory ; and his disciples believed on him .
3 : 1 There was a man of the Pharisees , named Nicodemus , a ruler of the Jews : 3 : 2 The same came to Jesus by night , and said unto him , Rabbi , we know that thou art a teacher come from God : for no man can do these miracles that thou doest , except God be with him .
3 : 4 Nicodemus saith unto him , How can a man be born when he is old ?
can he enter the second time into his mother ' s womb , and be born ?
3 : 9 Nicodemus answered and said unto him , How can these things be ?
3 : 27 John answered and said , A man can receive nothing , except it be given him from heaven .
4 : 46 So Jesus came again into Cana of Galilee , where he made the water wine .
5 : 19 Then answered Jesus and said unto them , Verily , verily , I say unto you , The Son can do nothing of himself , but what he seeth the Father do : for what things soever he doeth , these also doeth the Son likewise .
5 : 30 I can of mine own self do nothing : as I hear , I judge : and my judgment is just ; because I seek not mine own will , but the will of the Father which hath sent me .
5 : 44 How can ye believe , which receive honour one of another , and seek not the honour that cometh from God only ?
6 : 44 No man can come to me , except the Father which hath sent me draw him : and I will raise him up at the last day .
6 : 52 The Jews therefore strove among themselves , saying , How can this man give us his flesh to eat ?
6 : 60 Many therefore of his disciples , when they had heard this , said , This is an hard saying ; who can hear it ?
6 : 65 And he said , Therefore said I unto you , that no man can come unto me , except it were given unto him of my Father .
9 : 4 I must work the works of him that sent me , while it is day : the night cometh , when no man can work .
Others said , How can a man that is a sinner do such miracles ?
Can a devil open the eyes of the blind ?
14 : 5 Thomas saith unto him , Lord , we know not whither thou goest ; and how can we know the way ?
As the branch cannot bear fruit of itself , except it abide in the vine ; no more can ye , except ye abide in me .
15 : 5 I am the vine , ye are the branches : He that abideth in me , and I in him , the same bringeth forth much fruit : for without me ye can do nothing .
21 : 2 There were together Simon Peter , and Thomas called Didymus , and Nathanael of Cana in Galilee , and the sons of Zebedee , and two other of his disciples .
8 : 31 And he said , How can I , except some man should guide me ?
Then answered Peter , 10 : 47 Can any man forbid water , that these should not be baptized , which have received the Holy Ghost as well as we ?
24 : 12 And they neither found me in the temple disputing with any man , neither raising up the people , neither in the synagogues , nor in the city : 24 : 13 Neither can they prove the things whereof they now accuse me .
8 : 7 Because the carnal mind is enmity against God : for it is not subject to the law of God , neither indeed can be .
If God be for us , who can be against us ?
2 : 14 But the natural man receiveth not the things of the Spirit of God : for they are foolishness unto him : neither can he know them , because they are spiritually discerned .
3 : 11 For other foundation can no man lay than that is laid , which is Jesus Christ .
12 : 3 Wherefore I give you to understand , that no man speaking by the Spirit of God calleth Jesus accursed : and that no man can say that Jesus is the Lord , but by the Holy Ghost .
13 : 8 For we can do nothing against the truth , but for the truth .
4 : 13 I can do all things through Christ which strengtheneth me .
3 : 9 For what thanks can we render to God again for you , for all the joy wherewith we joy for your sakes before our God ; 3 : 10 Night and day praying exceedingly that we might see your face , and might perfect that which is lacking in your faith ?
6 : 7 For we brought nothing into this world , and it is certain we can carry nothing out .
6 : 13 I give thee charge in the sight of God , who quickeneth all things , and before Christ Jesus , who before Pontius Pilate witnessed a good confession ; 6 : 14 That thou keep this commandment without spot , unrebukable , until the appearing of our Lord Jesus Christ : 6 : 15 Which in his times he shall shew , who is the blessed and only Potentate , the King of kings , and Lord of lords ; 6 : 16 Who only hath immortality , dwelling in the light which no man can approach unto ; whom no man hath seen , nor can see : to whom be honour and power everlasting .
2 : 17 And their word will eat as doth a canker : of whom is Hymenaeus and Philetus ; 2 : 18 Who concerning the truth have erred , saying that the resurrection is past already ; and overthrow the faith of some .
5 : 1 For every high priest taken from among men is ordained for men in things pertaining to God , that he may offer both gifts and sacrifices for sins : 5 : 2 Who can have compassion on the ignorant , and on them that are out of the way ; for that he himself also is compassed with infirmity .
10 : 1 For the law having a shadow of good things to come , and not the very image of the things , can never with those sacrifices which they offered year by year continually make the comers thereunto perfect .
10 : 11 And every priest standeth daily ministering and offering oftentimes the same sacrifices , which can never take away sins : 10 : 12 But this man , after he had offered one sacrifice for sins for ever , sat down on the right hand of God ; 10 : 13 From henceforth expecting till his enemies be made his footstool .
can faith save him ?
3 : 7 For every kind of beasts , and of birds , and of serpents , and of things in the sea , is tamed , and hath been tamed of mankind : 3 : 8 But the tongue can no man tame ; it is an unruly evil , full of deadly poison .
3 : 12 Can the fig tree , my brethren , bear olive berries ?
so can no fountain both yield salt water and fresh .
5 : 3 Your gold and silver is cankered ; and the rust of them shall be a witness against you , and shall eat your flesh as it were fire .
4 : 20 If a man say , I love God , and hateth his brother , he is a liar : for he that loveth not his brother whom he hath seen , how can he love God whom he hath not seen ?
3 : 7 And to the angel of the church in Philadelphia write ; These things saith he that is holy , he that is true , he that hath the key of David , he that openeth , and no man shutteth ; and shutteth , and no man openeth ; 3 : 8 I know thy works : behold , I have set before thee an open door , and no man can shut it : for thou hast a little strength , and hast kept my word , and hast not denied my name .
9 : 20 And the rest of the men which were not killed by these plagues yet repented not of the works of their hands , that they should not worship devils , and idols of gold , and silver , and brass , and stone , and of wood : which neither can see , nor hear , nor walk : 9 : 21 Neither repented they of their murders , nor of their sorceries , nor of their fornication , nor of their thefts .
Till the little ones , weary , No more can be merry : The sun does descend , And our sports have an end .
I ' ll shade him from the heat till he can bear To lean in joy upon our Father ' s knee ; And then I ' ll stand and stroke his silver hair , And be like him , and he will then love me .
Sweet babe , in thy face Holy image I can trace ; Sweet babe , once like thee Thy Maker lay , and wept for me :
" And now beside thee , bleating lamb , I can lie down and sleep , Or think on Him who bore thy name , Graze after thee , and weep .
Can I see another ' s woe , And not be in sorrow too ?
Can I see another ' s grief , And not seek for kind relief ?
Can I see a falling tear , And not feel my sorrow ' s share ?
Can a father see his child Weep , nor be with sorrow filled ?
Can a mother sit and hear An infant groan , an infant fear ?
never can it be !
Never , never can it be !
And can He who smiles on all Hear the wren with sorrows small , Hear the small bird ' s grief and care , Hear the woes that infants bear --
never can it be !
Never , never can it be !
Can delight , Chained in night , The virgins of youth and morning bear ?
Can it be a song of joy ?
Where can Lyca sleep ?
How can Lyca sleep If her mother weep ?
What can it mean ?
Besides , I can tell where I am used well ; The poor parsons with wind like a blown bladder swell .
" And , father , how can I love you Or any of my brothers more ?
Ah then at times I drooping sit , And spend many an anxious hour ; Nor in my book can I take delight , Nor sit in learning ' s bower , Worn through with the dreary shower .
How can the bird that is born for joy Sit in a cage and sing ?
How can a child , when fears annoy , But droop his tender wing , And forget his youthful spring ?
Or wilt thou go ask the Mole : Can Wisdom be put in a silver rod ?
I see thee like an infant wrapped in the Lillys leaf ; Ah weep not little voice , thou can ' st not speak , but thou can ' st weep : Is this a Worm ?
And says ; Thou mother of my children , I have loved thee And I have given thee a crown that none can take away .
" No , you can ' t come in ," the little Tulip said .
" No , you can ' t come in ," said the little Tulip .
" N -- no ," said the little Tulip , " you can ' t come in ."
As she said the words a wonderful light glowed from her heart , the sound of thunder rolled through the sky , and a love greater than words can tell filled the Cloud ; down , down , close to the earth she swept , and gave up her life in a blessed , healing shower of rain .
as fast as you can !
" You can ' t catch me , I ' m the Gingerbread Man !"
" And I can run away from you , I can !"
as fast as you can !
" You can ' t catch me , I ' m the Gingerbread Man !"
" And I can run away from you , I can !"
as fast as you can !
" You can ' t catch me , I ' m the Gingerbread Man !"
" And I can run away from you , I can !"
as fast as you can !
" You can ' t catch me , I ' m the Gingerbread Man !"
" And I can run away from you , I can !"
as fast as you can !
" You can ' t catch me , I ' m the Gingerbread Man !"
But the little Gingerbread Boy shouted across to him , " You can ' t catch me !"
" And I can run away from you , I can !
as fast as you can !
" You can ' t catch me , I ' m the Gingerbread Man !"
little Gingerbread Boy , my shoulder is sinking ; jump on my nose , and I can hold you out of water ."
The little Country Mouse was shaking all over when they got safely away , but the little City Mouse said , " That is nothing ; she will soon go away and then we can go back ."
I want to roll through the town , so that the people can see me !"
" You are the biggest thing on the land , Brother Elephant ," said the Whale , " and I am the biggest thing in the sea ; if we join together we can rule all the animals in the world , and have our way about everything ."
And I can ' t pull her out .
When you hear that , pull ; pull as hard as you can , for my cow is very heavy ."
" Little Half - Chick ," said the Wind , " you are just in time to help me ; if you will brush aside these twigs and leaves , I can get my breath ; help me , quickly !"
Every day they dry and wither more and more ; by and by they will be so weak they can scarcely cling to my branches , and the north wind will tear them all away , and nobody will remember them any more .
I hold them as high as I can for the little boy , who comes dancing out .
There she perched , and she said to the old Fox , down below , " You may as well go home , for you can ' t get me ."
" Can ' t I , though !"
" When I open the bag you hold the cover off the kettle and I ' ll shake the bag so that the Hen will fall in , and then you pop the cover on , before she can jump out ."
But you can guess .
" Here is a chance to test our strength ," said the Wind ; " let us see which of us is strong enough to make that traveller take off his cloak ; the one who can do that shall be acknowledged the more powerful ."
" When I don ' t see any little crabs on the shore , or sticking up out of the water , I usually see them blowing bubbles from under the water ; the little bubbles go _puff , puff , puff_ , and then they go _pop , pop , pop_ , and they show me where the little juicy crabs are , so I can put my paw in and catch them .
_That ' s_ easy enough ; I ' ll just blow some little crab - bubbles , and then he will put his paw in where I can get it ."
" Thank you , again , Mr Alligator ; very sweet of you to show me where you are ; I can ' t stay to thank you as I should like : good - bye !"
It was the story of _Pilgrim ' s Progress_ ; if you have never heard it , you must be sure to read it as soon as you can read well enough to understand the old - fashioned words .
How can I learn to rule myself , To be the child I should , Honest and brave , nor ever tire Of trying to be good ?
How can I keep a sunny soul To shine along life ' s way ?
How can I tune my little heart To sweetly sing all day ?
And can you think how happy the baby ' s mother was ?
The shoemaker and his wife looked at each other , and said , " How can we thank the little elves who have made us happy and prosperous ?"
It is as long as it can be , And yet she doesn ' t care .
interrupted the little Jackal ; " I never can see through it , if you go on like that , with a long story .
Then I can understand in a jiffy .
" Can ' t you see that the door shut me in ?"
" I know I am very slow ; I can never understand things well unless I see just how they were ; if you could show me now exactly how that door works I am sure I could understand .
" It is on the other side of the river ," said the little Jackal ; " but we can manage it nicely , if you will take me on your back and swim over ."
That evening the palace was all trimmed with the most beautiful flowers you can imagine , and rows and rows of little silver bells , that tinkled when the wind blew in , and hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of wax candles , that shone like tiny stars .
The people in the court liked her even better than the old Nightingale , because they could all whistle her tunes ,-- which you can ' t do with real nightingales .
Then the Emperor cried , " You little gold nightingale , can you not sing something for me ?
It made Margery dance , just to read the names ,-- nasturtium , giant helianthus , canariensis , calendula , Canterbury bells : more names than I can tell you ; and other packages , bigger , that said , " Sweet Peas ," " French beans ," " Carrots ," " Wallflowers ," and such things !
" You know , dear , the ground has to be made ready first ; it takes a little time ,-- it may be several days before you can plant ."
" If you watch me sow one row , I think you can do the next ," said her father .
The two front corners had canariensis in them .
Canariensis is a pretty creeper with golden blossoms , very dainty and bright .
All these lovely flowers used to grow in our grandmothers ' gardens , and if you don ' t know what they look like , I hope you can find out next summer .
" Can we have made a mistake ?"
" Do you suppose we can have planted _all_ radishes ?"
" How can we take you with us ?"
" We have thought of a way which will be possible ," they said , " if only you can manage to keep still long enough .
There is no power on earth or in heaven which can put me down from my seat !"
When they had all finished , he turned to the prince and said , " Your courtiers , prince , find a good many flaws in the statue of the horse ; will you permit me to keep it a few days more , to do what I can with it ?"
I can make him the richest , the most beautiful , or the most powerful prince in the world ; choose ."
I can give him good advice , reprove him when he does wrong , and punish him if he will not punish himself ; I can and will be his best friend , but I cannot make him good unless he wills it ."
When the people of New Orleans knew that Margaret was dead , they said , " She was a mother to the motherless ; she was a friend to those who had no friends ; she had wisdom greater than schools can teach ; we will not let her memory go from us ."
" Make a place for me now ," said the white horse , " by which I can come up out of the hole here , whenever I am hungry ."
" Would you make a place for me where I can hide ?"
There he lay groaning for many minutes , for it was not a soft place , I can assure you .
" What can I give to the Child ?"
" But there , what _can_ you expect from a low , grovelling beetle ?
" Oh , my precious , precious friend , if you will , you can save my life !"
Buster learned a long time ago that a fisherman must be patient unless , like Little Joe Otter , he is just as much at home in the water as the fish themselves , and can swim fast enough to catch them by chasing them .
Now Buster Bear may be big and clumsy looking , but there isn ' t anything that can move much quicker than one of those big paws of his when he wants it to .
" Can you tell me the difference between the fish that you haven ' t caught and the foolish green flies that I haven ' t caught ?"
" I believe ," said Little Joe as he wiped tears of laughter from his eyes , " that Grandfather Frog is right , and that the best thing I can do is to make friends with Buster Bear .
Billy sometimes catches more fish than he can eat , but then he usually hides them .
But there is only one thing that can make the hair on the head of Farmer Brown ' s boy rise , and as it isn ' t anger , of course it must be fear .
I don ' t believe anybody can be smarter than Buster Bear ."
" We can tell better how great it is when we hear what it is ," replied Grandfather Frog testily .
Now I ' ve got a plan by which we can see for ourselves if he really is afraid of Buster Bear ."
If you meet me at the Big Hickory - tree at sun - up to - morrow morning , and get everybody else to come that you can , perhaps I will tell you ."
It is a very simple plan , and if you will all hide where you can watch , you will be able to see for yourselves if Little Joe Otter is right .
Big as he is , he can walk without making the teeniest , weeniest sound .
He ran just as Peter Rabbit runs when he has got to reach the dear Old Briar - patch before Reddy Fox can catch him , which , you know , is as fast as he can run .
Of course Blacky the Crow and Sammy Jay , who , because they can fly , have nothing to fear from Buster , and who always delight in making other people uncomfortable , never let a chance go by to tell Buster and everybody else within hearing what they thought of him .
You see , he knows that Shadow can go wherever he can go .
That is the way that a habit which isn ' t bad in itself can become bad when it is carried too far .
I can eat all I want and get back to the Green Forest before there is any danger that Farmer Brown ' s boy or any one else I ' m afraid of will see me .
" If I whistle ," thought he , " everybody will know just where I am , and will keep out of sight , and I never can get acquainted with folks if they keep out of sight ."
Now if there is any one thing that Buster Bear had rather have above another , it is all the berries he can eat , unless it be honey .
Nothing can quite equal honey in Buster ' s mind .
When things go wrong in spite of you To smile ' s the best thing you can do -- To smile and say , " I ' m mighty glad They are no worse ; they ' re not so bad !"
I can pick berries some other day ."
' Well , I ' ll eat it ,' said Alice , ' and if it makes me grow larger , I can reach the key ; and if it makes me grow smaller , I can creep under the door ; so either way I ' ll get into the garden , and I don ' t care which happens !'
I shall be a great deal too far off to trouble myself about you : you must manage the best way you can ;-- but I must be kind to them ,' thought Alice , ' or perhaps they won ' t walk the way I want to go !
I almost think I can remember feeling a little different .
' I ' m sure I ' m not Ada ,' she said , ' for her hair goes in such long ringlets , and mine doesn ' t go in ringlets at all ; and I ' m sure I can ' t be Mabel , for I know all sorts of things , and she , oh !
' How CAN I have done that ?'
Her first idea was that she had somehow fallen into the sea , ' and in that case I can go back by railway ,' she said to herself .
Everything is so out - of - the - way down here , that I should think very likely it can talk : at any rate , there ' s no harm in trying .'
And it ' ll fetch things when you throw them , and it ' ll sit up and beg for its dinner , and all sorts of things -- I can ' t remember half of them -- and it belongs to a farmer , you know , and he says it ' s so useful , it ' s worth a hundred pounds !
And she ' s such a capital one for catching mice you can ' t think !
Where CAN I have dropped them , I wonder ?'
But I ' d better take him his fan and gloves -- that is , if I can find them .'
She hastily put down the bottle , saying to herself ' That ' s quite enough -- I hope I shan ' t grow any more -- As it is , I can ' t get out at the door -- I do wish I hadn ' t drunk quite so much !'
Still she went on growing , and , as a last resource , she put one arm out of the window , and one foot up the chimney , and said to herself ' Now I can do no more , whatever happens .
I do wonder what CAN have happened to me !
' How can you learn lessons in here ?
I wouldn ' t be in Bill ' s place for a good deal : this fireplace is narrow , to be sure ; but I THINK I can kick a little !'
' If I eat one of these cakes ,' she thought , ' it ' s sure to make SOME change in my size ; and as it can ' t possibly make me larger , it must make me smaller , I suppose .'
' I can ' t explain MYSELF , I ' m afraid , sir ' said Alice , ' because I ' m not myself , you see .'
' I ' m afraid I can ' t put it more clearly ,' Alice replied very politely , ' for I can ' t understand it myself to begin with ; and being so many different sizes in a day is very confusing .'
' I ' m afraid I am , sir ,' said Alice ; ' I can ' t remember things as I used -- and I don ' t keep the same size for ten minutes together !'
' Can ' t remember WHAT things ?'
Do you think I can listen all day to such stuff ?
' What CAN all that green stuff be ?'
And oh , my poor hands , how is it I can ' t see you ?'
' I can see you ' re trying to invent something !'
' I don ' t believe it ,' said the Pigeon ; ' but if they do , why then they ' re a kind of serpent , that ' s all I can say .'
' But perhaps he can ' t help it ,' she said to herself ; ' his eyes are so VERY nearly at the top of his head .
' They all can ,' said the Duchess ; ' and most of ' em do .'
' I speak severely to my boy , I beat him when he sneezes ; For he can thoroughly enjoy The pepper when he pleases !'
' Oh , you can ' t help that ,' said the Cat : ' we ' re all mad here .
' I ' m glad they ' ve begun asking riddles .-- I believe I can guess that ,' she added aloud .
' Do you mean that you think you can find out the answer to it ?'
' I ' ve had nothing yet ,' Alice replied in an offended tone , ' so I can ' t take more .'
' You mean you can ' t take LESS ,' said the Hatter : ' it ' s very easy to take MORE than nothing .'
and the Dormouse sulkily remarked , ' If you can ' t be civil , you ' d better finish the story for yourself .'
' You can draw water out of a water - well ,' said the Hatter ; ' so I should think you could draw treacle out of a treacle - well -- eh , stupid ?'
' Can you play croquet ?'
' I don ' t think they play at all fairly ,' Alice began , in rather a complaining tone , ' and they all quarrel so dreadfully one can ' t hear oneself speak -- and they don ' t seem to have any rules in particular ; at least , if there are , nobody attends to them -- and you ' ve no idea how confusing it is all the things being alive ; for instance , there ' s the arch I ' ve got to go through next walking about at the other end of the ground -- and I should have croqueted the Queen ' s hedgehog just now , only it ran away when it saw mine coming !'
' You can ' t think how glad I am to see you again , you dear old thing !'
I can ' t tell you just now what the moral of that is , but I shall remember it in a bit .'
' Everything ' s got a moral , if only you can find it .'
' I think I should understand that better ,' Alice said very politely , ' if I had it written down : but I can ' t quite follow it as you say it .'
Alice thought to herself , ' I don ' t see how he can EVEN finish , if he doesn ' t begin .'
' Well , I can ' t show it you myself ,' the Mock Turtle said : ' I ' m too stiff .
' You may not have lived much under the sea --' (' I haven ' t ,' said Alice )--' and perhaps you were never even introduced to a lobster --' ( Alice began to say ' I once tasted --' but checked herself hastily , and said ' No , never ') '-- so you can have no idea what a delightful thing a Lobster Quadrille is !'
'-- as far out to sea as you can --'
' We can do without lobsters , you know .
" You can really have no notion how delightful it will be When they take us up and throw us , with the lobsters , out to sea !"
' I can tell you more than that , if you like ,' said the Gryphon .
' It ' s all about as curious as it can be ,' said the Gryphon .
' She can ' t explain it ,' said the Gryphon hastily .
' They can ' t have anything to put down yet , before the trial ' s begun .'
' I can hardly breathe .'
' I can ' t help it ,' said Alice very meekly : ' I ' m growing .'
' That I can ' t remember ,' said the Hatter .
' I can ' t go no lower ,' said the Hatter : ' I ' m on the floor , as it is .'
' Please your Majesty ,' said the Knave , ' I didn ' t write it , and they can ' t prove I did : there ' s no name signed at the end .'
' If any one of them can explain it ,' said Alice , ( she had grown so large in the last few minutes that she wasn ' t a bit afraid of interrupting him ,) ' I ' ll give him sixpence .
-- SAID I COULD NOT SWIM --" you can ' t swim , can you ?'
' Nothing can be clearer than THAT .
The imbecility of your traditions can be quite finally exhibited to anybody with mere ordinary knowledge of the world , the same kind of knowledge which teaches us not to sit in draughts or not to encourage friendliness in impecunious people .
" What can it be ?
" I was telling you just now , Michael , that I can prove the best part of the rationalist case and the Christian humbug from any symbol you liked to give me , from any instance I came across .
" Can you be anything else when you plaster your own house with that God - defying filth ?
" I tell you once and for all ," cried Mr . Cumberland Vane , rapping his knuckles angrily on the table , " I tell you , once and for all , my man , that I will not have you turning on any religious rant or cant here .
" Might I suggest ," he said , " That I , your worship , can settle to some extent this absurd matter myself .
" Why , you moonstruck scarecrow of superstition , do you think your dirty saints are the only people who can die ?
Words have passed between Mr . Turnbull and myself on a grave and invaluable matter , which can only be atoned for by fighting .
You can ' t be angry with bad men .
" Under those conditions ," continued Turnbull , his voice coming through the hole with a slight note of trepidation very unusual with him , " I have a suggestion to make , if that can be called a suggestion , which has probably occurred to you as readily as to me .
Hence the complete picture they give of life is of necessity fallacious ; they can only represent what is unusual .
There fell upon both of them , but upon Turnbull more than the other , because he know more what the scene signified , that quite indescribable sense as of a sublime and passionate and heart - moving futility , which is never evoked by deserts or dead men or men neglected and barbarous , which can only be invoked by the sight of the enormous genius of man applied to anything other than the best .
" And still we ask if God or man Can loosen thee Lazarus ; Bid thee rise up republican , And save thyself and all of us .
But no disciple ' s tongue can say If thou can ' st take our sins away ."
And yet you ask me to trust my temperament , my own temperament , which can be turned upside down by two bottles of claret or an attack of the jaundice .
" There is a part of me which is divine ," he answered , " a part that can be trusted , but there are also affections which are entirely animal and idle ."
" Can you keep this up ?"
We must put it off if we can ."
" Who the devil can that be ?"
" Don ' t you be afraid ," he added , " he can still see us ."
" Do you know ," he said , " I think he can see us better this way .
Here you can fall back on that naked and awful arbitration which is the only thing that balances the stars -- a still , continuous violence .
" I can see it from here .
I can see the whitewashed walls of some cottages and a kind of corner of the church .
It is not merely that I do not believe that nature can guide us .
I mean that nobody can discover what the original nature of things would have been if things had not interfered with it .
If the natural does not exist the supernatural obviously can ' t ."
" One can ' t talk of this kind of thing under a ceiling at all .
I can understand your disbelieving in it , but why disbelieve in a part of it ?
You cannot prove that God is better than a man ; nor can you prove that a man is better than a horse .
He had met many typical modern figures under circumstances which were sharply symbolic ; and , moreover , he had absorbed the main modern atmosphere from the mere presence and chance phrases of Turnbull , as such atmospheres can always be absorbed from the presence and the phrases of any man of great mental vitality .
But there is one thing Free - thought can never be by any possibility -- Free - thought can never be progressive .
It can never be progressive because it will accept nothing from the past ; it begins every time again from the beginning ; and it goes every time in a different direction .
Who can discuss whether Emerson was a better optimist than Schopenhauer was pessimist ?
They may be progressing uphill and down ; they may be growing steadily better or steadily worse ; but they have steadily increased in certain definable matters ; they have steadily advanced in a certain definable direction ; they are the only two things , it seems , that ever _can_ progress .
" With this enormous difference ," said Turnbull , " that however elaborate be the calculations of physical science , their net result can be tested .
Still I can see the electric light .
The Church is the only thing on earth that can perpetuate a type of virtue and make it something more than a fashion .
But can you stand still here in this meadow and _be_ an English gentleman of Elizabeth ?
The human race has always admired the Catholic virtues , however little it can practise them ; and oddly enough it has admired most those of them that the modern world most sharply disputes .
Your quarrel can only be , your quarrel really only is , that Catholicism has _achieved_ an ideal of virginity ; that it is no longer a mere piece of floating poetry .
Every man feels the need of some element of purity in sex ; perhaps they can only typify purity as the absence of sex .
You will laugh if I suggest that we may have made in Fleet Street an atmosphere in which a man can be so passionate as Sir Lancelot and as pure as Sir Galahad .
" I can drive the car ," said the young woman in the fur cap with stony practicability .
" What can they mean ?"
" It won ' t do , you know ," she said ; " you can ' t find out the truth in that way .
" The time ' s gone by for all that ," she went on ; " you can ' t find out the real thing like that -- if there is really anything to find ----" and she sighed rather drearily ; for , like many of the women of our wealthy class , she was old and broken in thought , though young and clean enough in her emotions .
" You can leave me here ," she said , quite casually , as if they had met five minutes before .
" Now I come to think of it , I can ' t imagine ."
Then , after a pause , as she stared with a rising colour at the glittering sea , she said : " It can ' t be described , and yet I am trying to describe it .
Somehow one can never really manage to be an atheist ."
But the honour of this earth has just this about it , that it can make a man ' s heart like iron .
he cried ; " I can ' t help it -- fair fighting is more even than promises .
Among the implements of their first outfit the brandy alone had remained to him , and he gave it to his freezing companion in quantities which greatly alarmed that temperate Londoner ; but MacIan came from the cold seas and mists where a man can drink a tumbler of raw whisky in a boat without it making him wink .
He had a genius ( if one can even use so wild a word in connexion with so tame a person ) a genius for saying the conventional thing on every conceivable subject ; or rather what we in England would call the conventional thing .
Convention implies cant or affectation , and he had not the faintest smell of either .
She left upon ordinary people the impression -- the somewhat irritating impression -- produced by such a person ; it can only be described as the sense of strong water being perpetually poured into some abyss .
" I would do anything but that for you ," he said ; " but no man can be called less than a man ."
But when people dine with my father and say that fighting a duel is mere murder -- of course I can see that is not just .
I can ' t stand this !"
" There will be another mass in a matter of eight hours ," said Madeleine , with a sort of business eagerness and energy , " and you can do it then before the fighting .
" What can it all mean ?"
" Oh , I will say anything that can madden you !"
Can ' t drink beer myself .
" If you want to hurry you should take a yacht , and if "-- he said , with a burst of rationality , like one leaping to a further point in logic --" if you want a yacht -- you can have mine ."
" Left side of harbour -- called _Gibson Girl_ -- can ' t think why , old fellow , I never lent it you before ."
Evan ' s mind went through a crisis of instantaneous casuistry , in which it may be that he decided wrongly ; but about how he decided his biographer can profess no doubt .
The presence of the god or fairy can only be deduced from the fact that they never definitely ran into anything , either a boat , a rock , a quicksand , or a man - of - war .
" What can it be ?"
" I didn ' t know there were any Atlantic islands so far beyond the Scillies -- Good Lord , it can ' t be Madeira , yet ?"
They did not even explore the island ; for MacIan was partly concerned in prayer and Turnbull entirely concerned with tobacco ; and both these forms of inspiration can be enjoyed by the secluded and even the sedentary .
" Lord love a duck ," said he , " can it be Jamaica ?"
Then he said : " The best place we can go to is to bed .
If we can get some sleep in this wood , now everyone has cleared out of it , it will be worth a handicap of two hundred yards tomorrow ."
They had all the advantages that invisibility and silence can add to speed .
As it thinned yet farther they saw that it was only flowers ; but flowers in such insolent mass and magnificence as can seldom be seen out of the tropics .
" Can I do anything for you ?"
" You can extend to us your pardon ," he said , for he also came of a whole race of gentlemen -- of gentlemen without shirts to their backs .
" We are fighting about God ; there can be nothing so important as that ."
" I can settle the whole matter .
" Yes , you and I are both seconds -- and these two gentlemen can obviously fight in front of us .
He looked across at MacIan and said : " Oh , I can ' t stand this !"
" Can ' t stand what ?"
replied Turnbull ; " one can ' t use uncivil expressions even to a -- deity .
Turnbull ' s eyes did not move , but he realized that the man in the panama hat had lost all his ease of a landed proprietor and had withdrawn to a distance of thirty yards , where he stood glaring with all the contraction of fear and hatred that can stiffen a cat .
A god can be humble , a devil can only be humbled ."
He put his arm in mine and whispered in my ear , as if it were the apocalypse : ' Never trust a God that you can ' t improve on .'"
" What can he have meant ?"
" Obviously one should not trust any God that one can improve on ."
Even in a lunatic asylum there can ' t be anybody who , having thought about the matter , thinks that a triangle has not got three sides .
" But what can it matter ?"
" He can ' t keep us in the asylum .
" If you really want to put anything before me , I can give you a few moments in my consulting - room ."
" I can understand that you were startled ."
" Can we let ourselves out , then ?"
MacIan took one stride to the table , leant across it , and said : " We can ' t stop here , we ' re not mad people !"
" But you _can ' t_ think us mad ," thundered MacIan .
" But you can ' t shut a man up on your mere impressions without documents or certificates or anything ?"
" No man by will or wit ," answered Turnbull , " can get out of this garden ; and yet we got into it merely by jumping over a garden wall .
" I suppose you can take me to the war ," he said , and the silent silver figure only bowed its head again .
To say that it rose to the stars is no mere metaphor , for the sky had cleared to that occasional and astonishing transparency in which one can see plainly both stars and moon .
They can be orderly , but they cannot be equal ."
But when the stranger silently indicated the rope that led to the machine , he found himself pausing and saying : " I can ' t leave MacIan behind in this den ."
There is only one pleasure the angels can possibly have in flying , and that is , that they do not know whether they are on their head or their heels ."
" Dr . Hertz has convinced everybody ," said Turnbull ' s cicerone in a smooth voice , " that nothing can really be done with the real slums .
Can you , as a free - thinker , find any fault in that ?"
" You can see the head of the asylum if you particularly want to ."
A strong gun can conquer a strong elephant , but a wounded elephant can easily conquer a broken gun .
Thus the Prussian monarchy in the eighteenth century , or now , can make a strong army merely by making the men afraid .
Even now I ' ve got it out I can ' t discover what it was for .
" But where can the door of it be ?"
The lines of his face were so deep and complex that one could see five or ten different faces besides the real one , as one can see them in an elaborate wall - paper .
" Squares very good ; I have a nice long holiday , and can count them .
" Can ' t we do anything for you ?"
Can I help you ?"
" No , I don ' t think you can , sir ," said Turnbull with rough pathos ; " I am glad you are contented at least ."
They can be let out of their cell today , because today the whole world has become their cell .
" Well , I don ' t see that it can do any harm to tell you know ," he said .
" This can ' t go on ," he said , positively .
But to see things -- to see them walking solid in the sun -- things that can ' t be there -- real mystics never do that , Turnbull ."
" I saw her walk behind those blessed trees against that holy sky of gold as plain as I can see her whenever I shut my eyes .
" Oh , you can see my certificate if you like ," she replied with some hauteur .
" You can see it on my certificate of lunacy ."
" Oh , I can see you can ' t have it on you at the moment ," said Mr . Wilkinson with much intellectual magnanimity .
Turnbull stamped his foot on the gravel path , and called out : " Oh , I can ' t stand this .
I want to know what all this can possibly mean ."
What can it mean -- meeting all these old people again ?
" I can ' t see it ," said Evan ; " it is too large and plain ."
Then after a silence he said : " I can ' t see it -- and yet I will try to describe it .
cried Turnbull to himself , " if _he_ is in the asylum , there can ' t be anyone outside ."
" Oh , who can have done it ?
How can it have happened ?"
Then advancing to the fringe of the fire he called out on chance to the invisible singer : " Can you come out ?
Those of you who want to download any eBook before announcement can get to them as follows , and just download by date .
International donations are accepted , but we don ' t know ANYTHING about how to make them tax - deductible , or even if they CAN be made deductible , and don ' t have the staff to handle it even if there are ways .
You can get up to date donation information online at :
If you can ' t reach Project Gutenberg , you can always email directly to :
If you do not , you can receive a refund of the money ( if any ) you paid for this eBook by sending a request within 30 days of receiving it to the person you got it from .
can copy and distribute it in the United States without permission and without paying copyright royalties .
If you discover a Defect in this eBook within 90 days of receiving it , you can receive a refund of the money ( if any ) you paid for it by sending an explanatory note within that time to the person you received it from .
Project Gutenberg is dedicated to increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be freely distributed in machine readable form .
Now , what can be more important than that ?"
He pays his rent to the tick ; he is practically a teetotaller ; he is tirelessly kind with the younger children , and can keep them amused for a day on end ; and , last and most urgent of all , he has made himself equally popular with the eldest daughter , who is ready to go to church with him tomorrow ."
" James has been murdered , for all I can make out ," answered the girl , still breathing hard from her rush .
I did not do it because Mr Todhunter can set himself free from them at any minute he chooses ."
" Say it again , please ," he said in a simple , bothered manner ; " do you mean that Todhunter can tie himself up all alone and untie himself all alone ?"
" Can ' t you see it in the man ' s face ?
cried Father Brown : " can ' t you see he ' s laughing ?"
repeated the doctor , with a start ; " but what on earth can he be laughing at ?"
" But a hatter ," protested Hood , " can get money out of his stock of new hats .
But you daren ' t say -- you can ' t say -- that he ' s cleverer than I , or bolder than I , or even more energetic .
" It can never be utterly stamped out ," Muscari answered ; " because armed revolt is a recreation natural to southerners .
he asked ; and then , remembering a vague fear of his own , " or can you be thinking of Muscari ?"
" One can only be kind when it comes ."
" It is our secret ," answered he , " the secret of the volcano ; that is also the secret of the revolution -- that a thing can be violent and yet fruitful ."
he muttered ; " it can ' t be hers !
Mortals climb up and they fall down ; but it is only gods and goddesses who can fall upwards ."
Ezza , if you will oblige me by shooting the coachman first , we can cut our way out yet .
I am only a bundle of masks , and you can ' t fight a duel with that ."
" Then go over there and offer yourself ," said the priest : " offer her everything you can ; offer her heaven and earth if you ' ve got them .
Oh , they can be silent eloquently -- the politicians !
" It ' s exactly like Hirsch ' s writing , and nobody can point out any mistake in it .
After that we really can ' t support Dubosc if his revelation is a mare ' s nest ."
It ' s manifestly absurd to say that Hirsch can have made a mistake about a paper that nobody knew of but himself ; or can have tried to help a foreign thief by telling him to fumble in the wrong drawer .
" I can ' t conceive ," said Brown ; " I don ' t understand this Hirsch affair at all .
That the direction about the drawer , the colour of ink , the colour of envelope , should none of them be right by accident , that can ' t be a coincidence .
" The only thing I can think of .... Well , I never understood that Dreyfus case .
I can always grasp moral evidence easier than the other sorts .
I can ' t describe these things ; I know what I mean ."
I ' ve told you the only theory I can think of that could satisfy anybody .
" If all you can suggest is that notion of a message conveyed by contraries , I call it uncommonly clever , but ... well , what would you call it ?"
" But what can this mean ?"
" He can ' t be afraid of that little Hirsch !
" I don ' t think he can get away yet ," replied the Duke ; " he ' s packing to go a long journey ..."
One has a moustache and no beard , so you can ' t see his mouth ; the other has a beard and no moustache , so you can ' t see his chin .
The Captain ' s hand hesitated and dropped ; and the other added with the same icy candour : " If I find I haven ' t the nerve to do it with that dagger I can do it in a month with drink ."
" Looks a cannibal sort of chap , don ' t he ?"
" We had better all be going ," said Seymour heavily ; " we have done all we can to help ."
" Will you understand my motives ," asked Father Brown quietly , " if I say you have done all you can to hurt ?"
As far as my words on oath can go , you might either of you have done it .
In those extraordinary circumstances the Press was paralysed into probity and accuracy ; and the rest of this somewhat singular business can practically be recorded from reports of Bruno ' s trial .
" And can you tell us why ," he asked , " you should know your own figure in a looking - glass , when two such distinguished men don ' t ?"
" Blood flows , fast or slow , in dead folk or living , for so many more million reasons than we can ever know .
Equally elegant and more miscellaneous and large - hearted in social outlook was Last - Trick ' s show the year previous , the popular Cannibal Crush Lunch , at which the confections handed round were sarcastically moulded in the forms of human arms and legs , and during which more than one of our gayest mental gymnasts was heard offering to eat his partner .
" Well , the literary style is somewhat improved ," admitted the priest cheerfully , " but still I don ' t see what I can do for you .
Now , in my opinion , that machine can ' t lie ."
" No machine can lie ," said Father Brown ; " nor can it tell the truth ."
" Criminals also can be as cool as cucumbers ," said Brown with a smile .
He turned to me and began to say in a low voice : ` Oh , I can ' t stick this any more .
I don ' t think they can kill Drugger Davis on that old vague story of the poison ; and as for the convict who killed the warder , I suppose it ' s obvious that you haven ' t got him .
Can ' t you see the whole character is different , in good and evil ?
" But you can ' t be so mad as to say ," said Greywood Usher , very white , " that Lord Falconroy was Drugger Davis ."
He went down there "-- and he jerked his thumb over his shoulder in one of his undistinguished gestures -- " and can ' t have passed three lamp - posts yet .
As for my friend , he ' ll be back soon ; and he certainly can ' t find out anything by stumping down a road like this ....
" But I think you could tell me more about that than I can tell you ."
I could never describe my father to you ; the nearest I can say is that he was very like a Roman coin himself .
I ' m not like my brother Arthur ; I can ' t help enjoying enjoyment .
I think a man as clever as you can guess the sort of thing that would begin to relieve the monotony for an unruly girl of seventeen placed in such a position .
But I am so rattled with more dreadful things that I can hardly read my own feeling ; and don ' t know whether I despise it now as a flirtation or bear it as a broken heart .
Perhaps you can fancy the wild , foolish thoughts with which my head went round ; I felt as if I had had a gift from the fairies .
" I can ' t tell you the sense of monstrosity and miracle I had when he thus silently burst the barrier between land and water .
I can ' t talk to you now .'
" I went up the steep street to my own house with my head in a whirl ; it had not begun to clear when I came to the doorstep , on which I found a milk - can -- and the man with the twisted nose .
The milk - can told me the servants were all out ; for , of course , Arthur , browsing about in his brown dressing - gown in a brown study , would not hear or answer a bell .
He stood quite still , with his face towards me ; and I can ' t tell you how horrid he looked among the tulips and all those tall , gaudy , almost hothouse - looking flowers .
But I still question , with bursting brains , how it can have happened .
or how can anyone but Philip and myself know I gave him a tiny coin in the middle of the sea ?"
But I can ' t see how he can come into the thing by any process of thought , unless ..."
But I can ' t see how on earth he could know that Hawker had got it , unless Hawker signalled to him or his representative across the shore ."
" this Hawker hears his love insulted , but doesn ' t strike till he ' s got to the soft sand - hills , where he can be victor in a mere sham - fight .
" What can you mean ?"
" Well ," observed Brown confidently , " don ' t you think it ' s the best thing she can do to stop outside -- with you to look after her ?
By the end of the week I think I can get you the truth about it .-- Yours ever , FRANCIS FINN .
" I am glad of that ," he said , " for now I can take the whole estate .
because it would mean the crack of doom for me , and if you take it I shall take off my wig .... Why , you pitiful plucked fowl , anyone can see your bare head .
" I can quite understand that it ' s nicer to cover them with hair than with brass plates or leather flaps .
I suppose I can be prosecuted for assault , but I am very glad I did it .
Then the silence was snapped by the librarian exclaiming : " What can it mean ?
DEAR FINN ,-- You must be mad ; we can ' t touch this .
And how can he write about Normans if the man ' s only a solicitor ?
No one can calculate the turns of mood in convalescence : but Father Brown ' s depression must have had a great deal to do with his mere unfamiliarity with the sea .
The story goes that the lady of Sir Peter Pendragon built it in this place and to this height , because from the top you can just see the corner where vessels turn into the river mouth ; and she wished to be the first to see her husband ' s ship , as he sailed home from the Spanish Main ."
But it is perfectly true that this tower has been burnt down two or three times ; and the family can ' t be called lucky , for more than two , I think , of the Admiral ' s near kin have perished by shipwreck ; and one at least , to my own knowledge , on practically the same spot where Sir Peter threw the Spaniard overboard ."
" No ," it said ; " I ' ve really got to cut down this fence somehow ; it ' s spoiling all the plants , and no one else here can do it .
So would you if your only pleasure was in cruising about to find some new Cannibal Islands , and you had to stick on this muddy little rockery in a sort of rustic pond .
The Admiral lifted the hairless arches over his eyes and exclaimed : " Well , I don ' t know where you got it , but the truth is I can ' t stand the fellow , though I ' ve no excuse for discharging a family servant .
" In that case ," he said , " there can ' t be any objection to my sleeping in your delightful summer - house ."
They followed him , laughing and half remonstrating ; but he replied with the utmost solemnity , explaining to them , in a maddening little sermon , that one can always find some small occupation that is helpful to others .
" But you can ' t mean --"
" I suppose it can ' t spread to the house ."
Flambeau turned electrified eyes upon his friend , but Fanshaw only said rather absently : " Well , nobody can be killed , anyhow ."
" You can do no more , I fear ," said Brown in a voice cold with pain .
" Can ' t you put it simply in words of one syllable ?"
I have no staff at present , but I can get you anything simple myself ."
" My waiters are all Italians , you see , and I thought it only fair they should see their countryman beat the black , if he really can do it .
" I ' m afraid we can ' t wait to trouble your hospitality seriously ," said Father Brown .
As has been said , the hotel - keeper can be proved to have told the precise truth .
" Well ," said Flambeau , " I never murdered anyone , even in my criminal days , but I can almost sympathize with anyone doing it in such a dreary place .
I can fancy a morbid man feeling he must kill his rival in the solitude and irony of such a scene .
" I think we know all that this can tell us , but you shall look at it to see if I ' m right .
That negro who has just swaggered out is one of the most dangerous men on earth , for he has the brains of a European , with the instincts of a cannibal .
He doesn ' t know I know it , nor , for the matter of that , that I can ' t prove it ."
The more a man feels lonely the less he can be sure he is alone .
It ' s Sunday , and we can ' t send for vinegar and all that in the town ; and you Indian gentlemen can ' t enjoy what you call a dinner without a lot of hot things .
I don ' t believe you men can manage alone ."
" Oh yes , we can , my dear ," said the Major , looking at her very amiably .
" Putnam is an old soldier , and has been in Mexico and Australia , and the Cannibal Islands for all I know ."
" I hope it was not in the Cannibal Islands ," said Brown , " that he learnt the art of cookery ."
" He can ' t have been at the dustbin ," he muttered .
I can ' t eat it , but I ' ll mix it like an angel !
And as for vinegar , can any soldiers forget that solitary soldier , who , when the sun was darkened --"
And there is only one kind of club that can be thrown out of a window , turn in mid - air and come back to the window next to it : the Australian boomerang .
" I don ' t think it can go on without a smash ," said the young man with red hair , getting up and shaking himself .
" Yes ," answered Dalroy ; " but even a man of grand intellectual powers can ' t be such a blighted fool as all that .
For we human beings are used to inappropriate things ; we are accustomed to the clatter of the incongruous ; it is a tune to which we can go to sleep .
Anybody can be wicked -- as wicked as he chooses .
We can direct our moral wills ; but we can ' t generally change our instinctive tastes and ways of doing things .
" There were finger - prints on that sword ; finger - prints can be detected quite a time after they are made if they ' re on some polished surface like glass or steel .
" Why , what can you mean ?"
" Look here -- I say -- can I make your husband hear if I go to the house ?"
" I can ' t analyse myself well ," went on Boulnois ; " but sitting in that chair with that story I was as happy as a schoolboy on a half - holiday .
It was security , eternity -- I can ' t convey it ... the cigars were within reach ... the matches were within reach ... the Thumb had four more appearances to ... it was not only a peace , but a plenitude .
" Died ," repeated Flambeau , " and that ' s about as much as we can say .
It was carried out , with extraordinary thoroughness and severity , by very well - organized officials over a small and familiar area , and , so far as human strength and science can be absolutely certain of anything , Prince Otto was absolutely certain that nobody could introduce so much as a toy pistol into Heiligwaldenstein ."
" Human science can never be quite certain of things like that ," said Father Brown , still looking at the red budding of the branches over his head , " if only because of the difficulty about definition and connotation .
And the fact is we can ' t .
All the same , however romantic you are , you can ' t imagine a big bullet into a man ' s jaw or brain without using a gun or pistol .
He tried again and again , and it was impossible ; the men who had knotted that gag knew the difference between what a man can do with his hands in front of him and what he can do with his hands behind his head .
But we can know , I fancy , that this Hedwig was a heroine , and deserved to marry a man who became something of a hero .
Between us , by the peace of God , such truth can now be told ; Yea , there is strength in striking root and good in growing old .
He put the old cant of the lawlessness of art and the art of lawlessness with a certain impudent freshness which gave at least a momentary pleasure .
" If what you say of clerks is true , they can only be as prosaic as your poetry .
Both being sick and being rebellious may be the wholesome thing on certain desperate occasions ; but I ' m hanged if I can see why they are poetical .
There is only one way by which that insult can be erased , and that way I choose .
" The pate de foie gras is not good here , but I can recommend the game ."
But the champagne can really be trusted .
" Well , if I am not drunk , I am mad ," replied Syme with perfect calm ; " but I trust I can behave like a gentleman in either condition .
Now no human words can give you any notion of why I brought you here .
What can I find more respectable than bishops and majors ?'
" I feel that I can confide anything to you , as you have promised to tell nobody .
" I can ' t tell the police you are an anarchist .
You can ' t tell the anarchists I ' m a policeman .
I can only watch you , knowing what you are ; you can only watch me , knowing what I am .
If no comrade suggests a name , I can only tell myself that that dear dynamiter , who is gone from us , has carried into the unknowable abysses the last secret of his virtue and his innocence ."
But only the eye of a friendship as deep and delicate as mine can perceive the deep foundation of solid meekness which lies at the base of him , too deep even for himself to see .
" I am not a madman ," reiterated Gregory , with a frightful sincerity which for a moment staggered the room , " but I give you a counsel which you can call mad if you like .
No , I will not call it a counsel , for I can give you no reason for it .
But what we think right is so damned different that there can be nothing between us in the way of concession .
The more his mother preached a more than Puritan abstinence the more did his father expand into a more than pagan latitude ; and by the time the former had come to enforcing vegetarianism , the latter had pretty well reached the point of defending cannibalism .
How can you talk of their leading one army or hurling one bolt .
They are under no illusions ; they are too intellectual to think that man upon this earth can ever be quite free of original sin and the struggle .
" How can I join you ?"
Or rather , I should not say see him , nobody ever sees him ; but you can talk to him if you like ."
It was not the ordinary darkness , in which forms can be faintly traced ; it was like going suddenly stone - blind .
" Of course , the Secretary of the branch told you everything that can be told .
But the one thing that can never be told is the last notion of the President , for his notions grow like a tropical forest .
The effect of this figure was not terrible like that of the President , but it had every diablerie that can come from the utterly grotesque .
" You hide as much as anybody ; but you can ' t do it , you see , you ' re such an ass !
" You can ' t get hold of it yet , Gogol ," he said in a fatherly way .
" It can ' t be !"
" There can ' t --"
I can ' t say .
" Can that old corpse be following me ?"
One comfort is , with a little brisk walking I can put a man like that as far away as Timbuctoo .
He made a wild gesture as if to knock the old man ' s hat off , called out something like " Catch me if you can ," and went racing away across the white , open Circus .
In an evolutionary sense , sir , the ape fades so gradually into the policeman , that I myself can never detect the shade .
I am in the British police force ; but as you tell me you are not in the British police force , I can only say that I met you in a dynamiters ' club .
" I can ' t take my face off here ," replied Professor de Worms .
You remember the old tale of the English clergyman who gave the last rites to the brigand of Sicily , and how on his death - bed the great robber said , ' I can give you no money , but I can give you advice for a lifetime : your thumb on the blade , and strike upwards .'
" As a matter of fact he lives some way off , on the other side of the river , but we can tell from here whether he has gone to bed ."
" Yes ," said de Worms , " behind that particular window which you can ' t see .
" You can find good English inns left by accident everywhere , like fossils ," explained the Professor .
" Well ," said Syme , " I can understand your putting on his dirty old beard for a night ' s practical joke , but I don ' t understand your never taking it off again ."
Inside I am really bursting with boyish merriment ; but I acted the paralytic Professor so well , that now I can ' t leave off .
So that when I am among friends , and have no need at all to disguise myself , I still can ' t help speaking slow and wrinkling my forehead -- just as if it were my forehead .
I can be quite happy , you understand , but only in a paralytic sort of way .
" Can you play the piano ?"
What the deuce else can you do ?
" Confound you , can ' t you answer ?"
" Please do not think me excessively abrupt ; but I advise you to alter those plans , or if it is too late for that , to follow your agent with all the support you can get for him .
Comrade Syme and I have had an experience which it would take more time to recount than we can afford , if we are to act on it .
So unless you or I can get on his track --"
" I ' m awfully glad you chaps have come so early ," he said , with a sort of schoolboy flippancy , " for we can all start for France together .
I tell you , you can say what you like , that fellow sold himself to the devil ; he can be in six places at once ."
I ' m no hand at casuistry , but I can ' t break my word to a modern pessimist .
Well , I can ' t turn on a man like that , and hunt him down .
" Yes ," assented the Professor , " you ' re quite right ; and we must hurry up , for I can see the Grey Nose standing out from France ."
But we are worse off than that , first because they can appeal to their organization and we cannot appeal to ours , and second because --"
The only thing I can see to do is actually to take advantage of the very things that are in the Marquis ' s favour .
" But how can the Marquis have insulted your aunt just now ?"
He can ' t refuse to meet you on such a small point of time and place .
He will choose a field somewhere near a wayside station , where he can pick up the train .
But I can fence well too , and I think I can keep him in play , at any rate , until the train is lost .
" To a man of the well - known skill and valour of Monsieur de St . Eustache ," said the Professor solemnly , " it must be a matter of indifference which method is adopted , and our principal has strong reasons for demanding the longer encounter , reasons the delicacy of which prevent me from being explicit , but for the just and honourable nature of which I can --"
The first was the old fear that any miracle might happen , the second the more hopeless modern fear that no miracle can ever happen .
I can do the one thing which Satan himself cannot do -- I can die ," and as the word went through his head , he heard a faint and far - off hoot , which would soon be the roar of the Paris train .
But one can hardly call one ' s nose a weapon ."
You can have no conception of how important it is to me .
" If anyone has any use for my left eyebrow ," he said , " he can have it .
" You are making a mistake ; but it can ' t be explained just now .
" My name is pretty well known to the police , and I can see well enough that you belong to them .
How hard they hunt us you can gather from the fact that we are driven to such disguises as those for which I apologise , and to such pranks as this one by which you suffer . "
I have fought for France , and it is hard if I can ' t fight for civilization ."
What can it mean ?"
Can you think of anything more like Sunday than this , that he should put all his powerful enemies on the Supreme Council , and then take care that it was not supreme ?
He had found the thing which the modern people call Impressionism , which is another name for that final scepticism which can find no floor to the universe .
" What can you mean by all this ?"
" They can ' t be running the real world in that way .
The rich man hasn ' t ; he can go away to New Guinea in a yacht .
Aristocrats were always anarchists , as you can see from the barons ' wars ."
" Millionaires I can understand ," said Syme thoughtfully , " they are nearly all mad .
We came here because this is the only place within twenty miles in which we can get horses ."
" Where can they have got the horses ?"
asked Syme , as he mechanically urged his steed to a canter .
" I was speaking with strict accuracy when I said that the ' Soleil d ' Or ' was the only place where one can get horses within twenty miles ."
" I am sorry to cut short a cultured discussion ," said the Colonel , " but can you lend me your motor - car now , in two minutes ?"
" I can ' t understand why it has grown so dark ," said the Professor at last in a low voice .
" There is only one set of lights that make me more cheerful ," he said , " and they are those lights of the police station which I can see beyond the town .
" No , I can ' t believe it .
" They have two rows of armed men across the road already ; I can see them from here .
I can only wallow in the exquisite comfort of my own exactitude ."
217 Peabody Buildings , and that I shall soon wake up with a jump ; or , if that ' s not it , I think that I am sitting in a small cushioned cell in Hanwell , and that the doctor can ' t make much of my case .
" You can believe in a sanity which is not merely your sanity .
" I tell you it can ' t be !"
We can ' t get there , for they hold the way .
" Even if the police do come now ," said the Professor mournfully , " they can do nothing with this mob ."
I can ' t trust my own bodily machinery .
You can make nothing .
You can only destroy .
" I can ' t make head or tail of old Sunday ' s little game any more than you can ," he said .
" Well ," said the Secretary , " I suppose we can find out soon , for tomorrow we have our next general meeting .
As far as I can make out , you want me to tell you what I am , and what you are , and what this table is , and what this Council is , and what this world is for all I know .
" He can ' t go astray now .
" What place can this be ?"
" Can it be the old devil ' s house ?
I can ' t wish old Sunday ' s balloon to burst because --"
How can I explain what my queer sympathy was ?
" And somehow ," concluded Bull , " that ' s why I can ' t help liking old Sunday .
how can I tell you ?
We can ' t think of a wicked man who is honestly and sincerely dreamy , because we daren ' t think of a wicked man alone with himself .
Each man of you finds Sunday quite different , yet each man of you can only find one thing to compare him to -- the universe itself .
He was clad in a fine but old - fashioned suit with knee - breeches ; its colour was that shade between blue , violet and grey which can be seen in certain shadows of the woodland .
" What can it all mean ?"
Oh , I can forgive God His anger , though it destroyed nations ; but I cannot forgive Him His peace ."
" I thought I hated everything more than common men can hate anything ; but I find that I do not hate everything so much as I hate you ! "
No agonies can be too great to buy the right to say to this accuser , ' We also have suffered .'
I can answer for every one of the great guards of Law whom he has accused .
Only in the blackness before it entirely destroyed his brain he seemed to hear a distant voice saying a commonplace text that he had heard somewhere , " Can ye drink of the cup that I drink of ?"
Though poor I have lived honest , and I have brought you up to be the same , Mary ; and I am sure the little ones will take after you ; for you ' ll be good to them -- as good to them as you can ."
She was tired of speaking , for she was very weak ; but she took their little hands , as they laid them on the bed and joining them all together , she said , " Bless you , dears ; bless you ; love and help one another all you can .
" Sure ," says one of the neighbours , " we can do no less than give a helping hand to the poor orphans , that are so ready to help themselves ."
My hands must be washed before I can do anything ."
" There she is , yonder , lying under the great corner stone ; you can just see her leg .
this is come to us just in right time -- now you can pay for the slated house .
" It can ' t be taken from us ," cried Edmund , " poor orphans though we are , and he a rich gentleman , as he calls himself .
Let him say and do what he will , he can ' t hurt our good name ."
He ' s grown quite young again , I think , and then he ' s so fat he can hardly wag ."
" But can ' t I look where you looked ?"
" Yes ," said the man , " you can ; I ' ve just dropped , amongst this heap of rubbish , a fine piece of crystal that I got to - day ."
" I don ' t know -- because I can ' t find anybody to play with me to - day .
" No , I can ' t ; I ' m busy ."
Come along , my lad ; we can but try ."
" I ' ve no story , ma ' am , to tell , but as how mammy says he must go to the fair Monday fortnight , to be sold , if she can ' t get the two guineas for her rent ; and I should be main sorry to part with him , for I love him , and he loves me ; so I ' ll work for him , I will , all I can .
" There , he shall have that into the bargain for his honesty -- honesty is the best policy -- there ' s a lucky penny for you , that I ' ve kept ever since I can remember ."
" Ah , no , I can ' t run , indeed ," said he , hanging back heavily ; " you know I can play all day long if I like it , so I don ' t mind play as you do , who have only one hour for it ."
" No , I tell you I can ' t ; I ' m as tired as if I had been working all day long as hard as a horse ."
" That ' s very odd ," said Lawrence , and yawned , for want of some better answer ; then taking out a handful of halfpence ,--" See what I got from father today , because I asked him just at the right time , when he had drunk a glass or two ; then I can get anything I want out of him -- see !
" I can guess ; I know what I ' d do with it if it was mine .
No , no ," catching hold of him , " I believe you can ' t move ; but I ' ll make you ."
" Oh ," said the lady recollecting herself , " I can ' t blame you , for there is no mat ."
" I am very sorry to hear that ," said the lady ; " I wish we could find somebody who would do them , if he can ' t .
Nothing TRULY GREAT can be accomplished without toil and time .
" Spend your time no more in weeding in my garden , you can employ yourself much better ; you shall have the reward of your ingenuity as well as of your industry .
Make as many more such mats as you can , and I will take care and dispose of them for you ."
" Not now ," said the lady , laughing ; " but I will come to Ashton to - morrow evening ; perhaps your mother can find me a few strawberries ."
Besides , what signifies talking , you can ' t go to the cock - fight , or the fair either , if you don ' t ; and I tell ye we don ' t mean to steal it ; we ' ll pay it by Monday night ."
" I am feeling for the half - crown , but I can ' t find it ."
said she , turning round to the old woman , " my Betty serves you , and she ' s a tight and stirring lassy , ma ' am , I can assure --"
" Why , that ' s true ; as I was coming along all alone , for the rest came round , and I came a short cut across yon field -- no , you can ' t see it , madam , where you stand -- but if you were here --"
said he to himself , " it must be -- yet surely it can ' t be Lawrence !"
said Jem , springing forwards when Lawrence ' s hands were going to be tied , " let him go -- won ' t you ?-- can ' t you let him go ?"
" Certainly ; whenever your mistress can spare you , I shall be very glad to see you ; and remember , if ever you get into any difficulty , don ' t be afraid to come to me .
" I ' m sure I hope so too ," observed Mrs . Pomfret ; " but I can ' t say ; for my part , I ' ve no great notion of those low people .
But then , ma ' am , edication can ' t change the NATUR that ' s in one , they say ; and one ' s that born naturally bad and low , they say , all the edication in the world won ' t do no good ; and , for my part , ma ' am , I know you knows best ; but I should be afraid to let any of those Villaintropic folks get into my house ; for nobody can tell the natur of them aforehand .
Let them both have a fair trial , and at the end of the month I can decide which I like best , and which we had better keep ."
All this Franklin bore with fortitude ; nor did he envy Felix the dainties which he ate , sometimes close beside him : " For ," said he to himself , " I have a clear conscience , and that is more than Felix can have .
I ' m sure it ' s what I can ' t pretend to , unless you do me the justice to forbid him my places ."
" Nothing you can give me will do ," answered Franklin , steadily , " so it is useless to say any more about it -- I hope I shall not be questioned ."
" To be sure , ma ' am , what I say IS , that , without the spirit of prophecy , one can nowadays account for what has passed .
" To be sure , ma ' am -- how can I help believing him ?
I never found him out in the least symptom of a lie since ever he came into the house ; so one can ' t help believing in him , like him or not ."
answered Franklin , starting ; " I ' m sorry , but I can ' t do that , for I ' ve promised my mistress never to let it out of my own hands ."
" You can ' t ?"
cried Corkscrew , changing his tone ; " then , sir , I can ' t take you to the play ."
What harm can it do , to lend Mr . Corkscrew the key for five minutes ?
" No , but I can ' t oblige him in this ; for , as I told you before , my mistress trusted me .
" But we ' ll have the key from him in spite of all his obstinacy ," said Felix ; " and let him make his story good as he can afterwards .
Why , sir , they can ' t be gone to the play .
" Nothing can be done without Susan !
is he so nice that he can eat none but guinea - hen ' s eggs ?"
We can do nothing without YOU , dear Susan ," cried Rose , running to meet her , at the moment she saw her .
said Susan , " don ' t wait for me ; I can ' t come to you , but ," added she , pointing to the tuft of double cowslips in the garden , " gather those for poor little Mary ; I promised them to her , and tell her the violets are under a hedge just opposite the turnstile , on the right as we go to church .
never mind me ; I can ' t come -- I can ' t stay , for my father wants me ."
He has found what he calls a flaw in my lease ; and the lease , he tells me , is not worth a farthing , and that he can turn us all out of our farm to - morrow if he pleases ; and sure enough he will please , for I have thwarted him this day , and he swears he ' ll be revenged of me .
" Thank you ," said Susan , " my mother is ill ; I can ' t leave her , you know ."
It is a pity you can ' t come with us ," said all the children ; and little Mary ran after Susan to the cottage door .
How can I be grateful enough to such a mother as this ?"
" Little I can ' t so well call her now , since she ' s grown tall and slender to look at ; and glad I am she is grown up likely to look at ; for handsome is that handsome does ; she thinks no more of her being handsome than I do myself ; yet she has as proper a respect for herself , ma ' am , as you have ; and I always see her neat , and with her mother , ma ' am , or fit people , as a girl should be .
" You have really said enough to excite my curiosity ," said her mistress ; " pray send for her immediately ; we can see her before we go out to walk ."
She had , it is true , been very busy ; but orderly people can be busy and neat at the same time .
Can ' t you stop gathering those things for a minute , and chat a bit with us , Susan ?"
" I can ' t stay , indeed , Miss Barbara ; for my mother ' s broth is just wanted , and I ' m in a hurry ."
What need have you to trouble her for news about the Abbey folks , when your own papa has been there all the morning , and is just come in , and can tell you everything ?"
I pledge my credit upon it , sir , it can ' t stand a single term in law or equity ."
" Why , then , that can be done away in a moment .
" What can that be , sir ?"
" It can ' t be helped ," said Susan , with a sigh .
" It can ' t be helped -- how do you know that ?"
" You CAN help it , Susan ."
said Susan ; " but what can that do ?"
" What good can any lamb do ?
" Attorney Case told me so ; he can get him a week ' s longer leave of absence , and he has promised he will ."
" How can ye be so careless , child ?
All of them , I think , seem to be wrong , if I can read ," said her father , rather angrily , and he pointed out to her sundry strange mistakes .
" I am blind ," said the old man , " and cannot see your faces ; but I know you all asunder by your voices , and I can guess pretty well at all your humours and characters by your voices ."
" Can you so , indeed ?"
Can you tell us what sort of person she is ?"
" That I can , I think , without being a conjurer ," said the old man , lifting the boy up on his knee ; " YOUR sister Susan is good - natured ."
" Though I am blind ," said the harper , " I can hear , you know , and I heard from your sister herself all that I told you of her , that she was good - tempered and good - natured and fond of you ."
Well , play us a tune , if you can play ever a good one -- play me -- let ' s see , what shall he play , Bob ?"
you can see the copper through it quite plain .
" I ' ll lead him , I can lead him ," said he ; and John ran on before them , to gather king - cups in the meadow .
" There is the high road straight before you ," said Susan to the lad , who was carrying his master ' s harp ; " you can ' t miss it .
" Honestly and handsomely , that I ' m sure of beforehand ," said her proud mother ; " but how I can ' t make out , except by the baking .
The least she can do for you is to take you in her carriage , WHICH costs nothing , but is just a common civility , to a ball ."
I can see , you know , something of the fashions to - morrow at the Abbey .
They can never enjoy the present moment .
The housekeeper came close up to the dressing table , and continued , " I never like to speak till I ' m sure , ma ' am , and I ' m not quite sure , to say certain , in this case , ma ' am , but still I think it right to tell you , which can ' t wrong anybody , what came across my mind about this same guinea - hen , ma ' am ; and you can inquire into it , and do as you please afterwards , ma ' am .
" If we were to accept a lamb from a rich neighbour on my estate ," said he , " I am afraid we should mortify many of our poor tenants , who can have little to offer , though , perhaps , they may bear us thorough good - will notwithstanding ."
Pray , Betty , don ' t forget that Mrs . Strathspey can ' t breakfast without honey .
" But , surely ," said Bab , " we can contrive to get some honey in the neighbourhood ."
Step over to her in the morning with MY COMPLIMENTS , and see what you can do .
" Can ' t you ?"
Can ' t you do something for me ?
Pray , how am I to be fit to be seen at breakfast by Mrs . Strathspey ; and I suppose I can ' t go to the ball either to - morrow , after all !"
" No , that you can ' t expect to do , indeed ," said Betty , the comforter .
" Is there anything in our house can be of service to her ?"
This is scandalous behaviour , and what , I assure you , I can ' t countenance ."
said Farmer Price ; " here ' s the penny then , but who can it be from , I wonder ?
Who can think of writing to me , in this world ?"
" However , I can show you , Sir Arthur , just for my own satisfaction and yours , a few lines of a memorandum on a slip of paper , which was given me by your relation , the gentleman who lived here before , and let me my farm .
" So great a lawyer , Mr . Case , as you are ," replied Sir Arthur , " must know , that a man cannot give up that to which he has no legal title ; and in this case it is impossible that , with the best intentions to oblige me in the world , you can give up this bit of land to me , because it is mine already , as I can convince you effectually by a map of the adjoining land , which I have fortunately safe amongst my papers .
" You are a scholar ; you write a good hand ; you can keep accounts , cannot you ?"
" No , sir ," said Price , " I can ' t say I did THAT ; for she mostly taught it herself , but I taught her a little arithmetic , as far as I knew , on our winter nights , when I had nothing better to do ."
I shall tell them that it is your good conduct which has obtained it for them ; and if you have anything to ask , any little favour for any of your companions , which we can grant , now ask , Susan .
" Yes ," said Susan , " and the next time he comes , I can give him one of my guinea - hen ' s eggs , and I shall show my lamb , Daisy ."
" I ' ll ask my mother to ask Sir Arthur to try and find out which way that good old man went after the ball ; and if he ' s above ground , we ' ll have him back by Susan ' s birthday , and he shall sit here -- just exactly here by this , our bush , and he shall play -- I mean , if he pleases -- that same tune for us , and I shall learn it -- I mean , if I can -- in a minute ."
As to the rest , we can have the windows mended ; and do you keep all the sixpences you earn for yourself ."
I shall begin to teach him to - morrow morning ; and then , father , you know people often pay a great deal for sending messengers ; and no boy can run , no horse can gallop , so fast as a bird can fly ; therefore the bird must be the best messenger , and I should be paid the best price .
" If we can ' t have it by fair means , we will by foul ," said Cox ; and a few days afterwards the pigeon was gone .
Nothing can be more shortsighted than cunning .
" And can Bell eat more upon her birthday than upon any other day ?"
I can easily believe that she is happy whilst she is eating a mince pie , or whilst she is playing ; but how does everybody ' s drinking her health at dinner make her happy ?"
" Well then , mamma , the day after to - morrow I can show you the drawer .
I can ' t stay ."
" Can ' t you ?"
and I can ' t , nor mother neither , buy another ; and I can ' t do anything else for my bread ."
" Then you can buy another with that ," said Laura , dropping the half - guinea into her hand ; and she shut the window before the child could find words to thank her , but not before she saw a look of joy and gratitude , which gave Laura more pleasure probably than all the praise which could have been bestowed upon her generosity .
And will you , or can you , or should you , always give , merely because others EXPECT , or because somebody else gives ?"
But , for instance , to make a present of a thing that you know can be of no use to a person you neither love nor esteem , because it is her birthday , and because everybody gives her something , and because she expects something , and because your godmother says she likes that people should be generous , seems to me , my dear Rosamond , to be , since I must say it , rather more like folly than generosity ."
If you have sense enough to see your own mistakes , and can afterwards avoid them , you will never be a fool ."
But then I say I won ' t wear it without the lace -- I can ' t wear it without the lace , and I won ' t ."
repeated Bell , impatiently ; " I can ' t wait till then ; I must see it this minute ."
But you can ' t get any if she would , for this was made on purpose for me on my birthday , and nobody can get a bit more anywhere , if they would give the world for it ."
cried Bell ; for she had already learned , either from her maid or her mother , the mean pride which values things not for being really pretty or useful , but for being such as nobody else can procure .
" Nobody can get any like it , I say ," repeated Bell ; " nobody in all London can make it but one person , and that person will never make a bit for anybody but me , I am sure .
Exclamations of sorrow were heard in various tones ; and " Who can have done this ?"
" Nor Miss Bell , neither , ma ' am ,-- I can answer for her ; for she never knew of its being there , because I never so much as mentioned it to her , that there was such a thing in the house , because I knew Miss Rosamond wanted to surprise her with the secret ; so I never mentioned a sentence of it -- did I , Miss Bell ?"
It is not only by giving away money that we can show generosity ; it is by giving up to others anything that we like ourselves : and therefore ," added he , smiling , " it is really generous of you to give your sister the thing you like best of all others ."
If it is an impossibility , I ' ve no more to say ; only , for the soul of me , I can ' t see the great unpossibility , wife .
Why , they came only in a chaise and pair , to be sure ; I can ' t deny that .
So , Mr . Newington , if you don ' t think proper to go up and inform the ladies above , that the Dolphin rooms are not for them , I must SPEAK myself , though ' tis a thing I never do when I can help it .
My dear , you can speak a power better than I can ; so take it all upon yourself , if you please ; for , old - fashioned as I and my tankard here be , I can ' t make a speech that borders on the uncivil order , to a lady like , for the life and lungs of me .
Civilities and rarities are out o ' season for them that can ' t pay for them in this world ; and very proper .
* Salt , the cant name given by the Eton lads to the money collected at Montem .
Between you and me , my best hunter has been ruinationed ; and I can ' t afford to be mum .
Where ' s the little account ?-- I have money sent me for my Montem dress , and I can squeeze that much out of it .
I give you notice , I ' m going back to Eton as fast as I can gallop ; and who knows what plain speaking may do with the Eton lads ?
Mr . Bursal , can you inform me why Joe , my groom , does not make his appearance ?
Yes , that I can , child ; because he is with his ' orses , where he ought to be .
Well , well , he can afford it ; and I do love to see my children make a figure for their money .
what can it be ?--( going ).
And it must be allowed that nothing in nature can have a better effect than Mr . Drake ' s flesh - colour and blue , with this Spanish hat , ma ' m , you see .
Why , if quality will travel the road this way , incognito , how can they expect to be known and treated as quality ?
Scrubs , I don ' t , nor can ' t , nor won ' t call them that pay their debts honestly .
Scrubs , I don ' t , nor won ' t , nor can ' t , call them that behave as handsome as young Mr . Talbot did here to me this morning about the hunter .
But isn ' t it a pity she can ' t stay for the Montem , poor old lady !
That ' s all I can say and you ' d make my wife very happy ; for she ' s a good woman , to say nothing of myself .
I can ' t , for the soul of me , bring myself to say that Bursal ' s not purse - proud , and you can .
It is all I can do to forgive this .
be easy , can ' t ye ?-- there ' s no unmasking at all in the case .
Talbot says blunt things ; but I don ' t think he ' s what you can call clever -- hey , Wheeler ?
Well , if all depends upon me , I ' ll see what I can do for you .
How young gentlemen , now , can bring themselves for to tell such lies , is to me , now , a matter of amazement , like , that I can ' t noways get over .
Well , don ' t then , for I can ' t believe it ; and you put me out .
At the " Windmill ," at Salt Hill , young lady ; and ill or well , you can ' t be better .
Is there ever a seat one can set on in that _H_arbour yonder ?
What can we do without you ?
You can do very well without me .
You can do very well without me .
In a huff ?-- Ay , now , there it is !-- Well , when a man ' s MAD , to be sure , he ' s mad -- and that ' s all that can be said about it .
But what can have become of Talbot ?
Wherever you come , Rory O ' Ryan , no one else can be heard .
When they have almost all passed , Lord John says , But where can Mr . Talbot be all this time ?
Oons , sir , when a man ' s put out , he can ' t go on with his story .
He can wait , and I cannot -- wind and tide wait for no man .
He could not believe that anyone could be so malicious as to injure him on purpose --" And even if they did all this on purpose to vex me ," said he to himself , " the best thing I can do , is , not to let it vex me .
you can get a bit of whip cord twice as long as that for twopence ; and who cares for twopence !
I ' ll tell you what , I can use the string that goes round my hat !"
" Come ," said he , " it can ' t be helped ; but give me the string because THAT may still be of use for something else ."
" Pick it up , then , and bring it to me , quick , can ' t you , child ," cried Hal , " for Lady Di ' s sons are waiting for me ?"
How can anyone in the world know so much about the matter as I , who have dined with Lady Diana Sweepstakes but yesterday , and heard all about it from beginning to end ?
All that can be done , my dear boys , in these difficult cases , is to judge for yourselves , which opinions , and which people , are the most reasonable ."
Hal next offered some of his cakes to his uncle and cousin ; but they thanked him , and refused to eat any , because , they said , they were not hungry ; so he ate and ate as he walked along , till at last he stopped , and said , " This bun tastes so bad after the queen cakes , I can ' t bear it !"
" I can show you when we go home , Ben ," said his uncle , " an entertaining paper upon such shadows .
" I don ' t mind so much for myself , sir ," said the lad ; " but I can ' t work so well now , as I used to do before my accident , for my old mother , who has had a STROKE of the palsy ; and I ' ve a many little brothers and sisters not well able yet to get their own livelihood , though they be as willing as willing can be ."
" No ," said Hal , " nor can it be explained : if you don ' t understand it , that ' s not my fault .
I was just wishing I had a pair of gloves to keep my fingers warm to - day , for I never can shoot well when my hands are benumbed .
" You can ' t march , man , without your arms ?"
" We can leave the children to walk , you know ," said she to the gentleman who helped her to mount her horse .
said she , " why can ' t he keep his hat upon his head ?"
I shall lose my turn to shoot ; oh , give me the coat ; I don ' t mind how it is , if I can but get it on ."
" My hands are benumbed ; I can scarcely feel ," said he , rubbing them , and blowing upon the ends of his fingers .
" Come , we can ' t wait whilst you rub your fingers , man -- shoot away ."
He little knew how easily acquaintance who call themselves friends can change when their interest comes in the slightest degree in competition with their friendship .
You can ' t see him , so go about your business , I say .
Perhaps he can wait a little while .
You can ' t see my master this hour ; but miss will let you stay here .
I wonder what can make him sigh so !
If he can ' t wait , let him go about his business .
Why , it has but just struck twelve ; if he can ' t wait , he can go about his business , can ' t he ?
Oh , sir , he can wait .
Ay , if Dr . Sparerib could cure one of the gout , then , indeed , I should think something of him ; but , as to my leaving off my bottle of port , it ' s nonsense ; it ' s all nonsense ; I can ' t do it ; I can ' t , and won ' t , for all the Dr . Spareribs in Christendom ; that ' s poz !
Ah , now , I ' m glad he can speak ; now tell papa ; and you need not be afraid to speak to him , for he is very good - natured .
What can you understand , I want to know , of the law ?
Old M . Please , your worship , with submission , I CAN say nothing but what I said before .
I ' ve heard nothing yet that I can understand .
Where children see only a part they cannot judge of the whole ; and from the superficial view which they can have in short visits and desultory conversation , they can form only a false estimate of the objects of human happiness , a false notion of the nature of society , and false opinions of characters .
Her mother had taught Sophy that it was best to let herself alone , and not to distort either her person or her mind in acquiring grimace , which nothing but the fashion of the moment can support , and which is always detected and despised by people of real good sense and politeness .
People must think children are very silly , or else they can never have reflected upon the nature of belief in their own minds , if they imagine that children will believe the words that are said to them , by way of moral , when the countenance , manner , and every concomitant circumstance tell them a different tale .
" Well , Sophy , leave off drawing for an instant ," said Frederick , " and tell us what answer can we send ?"
" Can !-- we can send what answer we please ."
" You have made such confusion ," replied Sophy , " between ' couldn ' t ' and ' wouldn ' t ' and ' shouldn ' t ,' that I can ' t understand you ; surely they are all different things ."
Besides , she understood the ' Rule of Three ,' which was no conjuring trick , better than you did , though she is a woman ; and she can reason , too , mamma says ."
how can you tell that , brother ?"
Oh , brother , she can do anything ; and she could make the best plum - pudding in the whole world , I ' m sure , in a minute , if it were necessary ."
" Come , Mr . Frederick ," said she after tea , " you promised to make me laugh ; and nobody can make me laugh so well as yourself ."
I don ' t see anything here I can eat , ma ' am .
I can ' t cut it , I say ; it ' s as hard as a deal board .
It ' s a very hard case , Mrs . Carbuncle , that I can never have a bit of anything that I can eat at my own table , Mrs . Carbuncle , since I was married , ma ' am , I that am the easiest man in the whole world to please about my dinner .
Such a wife as she makes ," continued Mrs . Theresa , lifting up her hands and eyes to heaven , " and so much as she has gone through , the brute ought to be ashamed of himself if he does not leave her something extraordinary in his will ; for turn it which way she will , she can never keep a carriage , or live like anybody else , on her jointure , after all , she tells me , poor soul !
Sir Charles will come into a fine fortune himself next year , if he can keep clear of gambling , which I hear is his foible , poor young man !
" No , Marianne , I can do no more .
said Mrs . Theresa ; " what can make you sigh so bitterly ?
but one can ' t be surprised at meeting with extraordinary characters amongst that race of people , actors by profession , you know ; for they are brought up from the egg to make their fortune , or at least their bread by their oddities .
" Stay ," said Mrs . Tattle , whose curiosity was excited ; " what can the Edens want with chimney - sweepers at this time o ' night , I wonder ?
" Upon my word , ma ' am ," said the servant , " I can ' t say ; but I ' ll step down below and inquire .
" Now ," continued Mrs . Theresa , turning to Frederick , as soon as the servant had left the room , " now , Mr . Frederick Montague , I have a favour - - such a favour -- to ask of you ; it ' s a favour which only you can grant ; you have such talents , and would do the thing so admirably ; and my Lady Battersby would quite adore you for it .
Between friends , can there be any harm in showing one ' s talents ?
But then his voice and way , and altogether , if one could get them to the life , they ' d be better than anything on the stage ; better even than anything I ' ve seen to - night ; and I think you ' d make a capital Quaker for my Lady Battersby ; but then the thing is , one can never get to hear the old quiz talk .
" I think he is in the right not to go up , though he can do it so easily , to see that gentleman ; I mean on purpose to mimic and laugh at him afterwards .
" Lud , child , you are turned simpleton all of a sudden ; how can your brother disturb her more than the real chimney - sweeper ?"
Can nobody think of anything that will stop blood in a minute ?
Can nobody think of anything that will stop blood in a minute ?
Come , Mr . Frederick , this way , into my room , and I ' ll give you a towel and some clean water , and you can get rid of this masquerade dress .
And now can you forgive me , sir ?"
I can ' t make out this one word ."
I have done my best to please you ; but if anybody else can please you better , I shall be glad of it .
We can alter it .
" I said I could bear to see all this , and I can ," said he ; " now it is all over ."
They hope to WIN , when they cannot EARN ; and as they can never be convinced by those who speak sense , it is no wonder they are always persuaded by those who talk nonsense .
cried he ; " but I can ' t stay to talk about it now .
cried Archer , " that ' s the way we are always to be governed by a man in a wig , who says he has good reasons , and can ' t tell them .
Archer was always sure that " THE RIGHT " was what his party chose to do ; that is , what he chose to do himself ; and such is the influence of numbers upon each other , in conquering the feelings of shame and in confusing the powers of reasoning , that in a few minutes " the right " was forgotten , and each said to himself , " To be sure , Archer is a very clever boy , and he can ' t be mistaken "; or , " to be sure , Townsend thinks so , and he would not do anything to get us into a scrape "; or , " to be sure , everybody will agree to this but myself , and I can ' t stand out alone , to be pointed at as a Greybeard and a slave .
Everybody thinks it is right , and everybody can ' t be wrong ."
" I know , I know ," said Fisher , " and what she said about your friends being lucky -- that went a great way with many ," added he , with a sagacious nod of his head ; " I can tell you THAT -- more than you think .
" Oh ," thought he to himself ; " Archer ' s so careless about money , he will never think of asking me for the half - crown again ; and now he ' ll want no candles for the THEATRE ; or , at anyrate , it will be some time first ; and maybe , Aunt Barbara may be got to give me that much at Christmas ; then , if the worst comes to the worst , one can pay Archer .
" Look ye here -- touch these - - put your hand to them -- pull , push , kick -- put a little spirit into it , man -- kick like an Archer , if you can ; away with ye .
We can ' t unbar the shutters ."
Nothing can be more melancholy than forced merriment .
And Townsend , why , he has puns in plenty ; but , when there ' s any work to be done , he ' s the worst fellow to be near one in the world -- he can do nothing but laugh at his own puns .
If these be not good reasons , none better can be assigned for Archer ' s conduct .
I only begged you to keep it till supper - time , when perhaps you ' ll want it more , and Townsend , who can ' t bear the slightest thing that crosses his own whims , and who thinks there ' s nothing in this world to be minded but his own diversion , calls me a TYRANT .
The first thing I ask you to do for your own good , and when , if you had common sense , you must know I can want nothing but your good , you rebel against me .
Can such a thing as YOU have a party ?"
" One party is just as good as another ; it is only a question which can get the upper hand ; and we had your hands tied just now ."
and SUCH a manager , who can do nothing for one ?"
We ' ll let it down , my lad , in a trice ; bar me out who can !"
I can never understand Townsend ' s PUNS .
Besides , anybody can make puns ; and one doesn ' t want wit , either , at all times ; for instance , when one is going to settle about dinner , or business of consequence .
Why , now we can hold out as long as you please .
Let us see ," said he , dividing the provisions upon the table ; " we can hold out to - day , and all to - morrow , and part of next day , maybe .
I have felt the want of a friend , and I am determined to make one if I can ."
" But how will he find out WHAT IS honourable , unless he can reason ?"
How can I ?"
Seats for the young competitors were raised one above another , in a semicircle , some yards distant from the table , and the judges ' chairs , under canopies of lilacs and laburnums , forming another semicircle , closed the amphitheatre .
I can buy her another mandarin when the old peddler comes to the door , if that ' s all .
I CAN do no more , CAN I ?"
" I ' m sure I can do no more than buy her another , CAN I !"
" How can you compare Louisa to me !"
Perhaps to tell things just as they were , she was not quite so much inclined to kiss Cecilia as she would have been before the fall of her mandarin ; but this was the utmost extent of her malice , if it can be called malice .
can ' t you answer , then ?
that ' s a cant word which you learnt of my friend Leonora , as you call her ; but she is not my friend now ."
I can determine whether or no you apply to what I give you to learn ; whether you attend to what I desire you to do , and avoid what I desire you not to do .
You are good - natured , Cecilia ; for you are desirous to oblige and serve your companions -- to gain them praise , and save them from blame -- to give them pleasure , and relieve them from pain ; but Leonora is good - tempered , for she can bear with their foibles , and acknowledge her own .
In short , her temper is perfectly good ; for it can bear and forbear ."
" It may ," replied Mrs . Villars ; " but it is not wishes alone which can improve us in anything .
" But , my dear , how can Leonora tell whether your heart be good or bad ?
" Then the best definition ," said Mrs . Villars , " which you can give me of a bad heart is , that it is some constant propensity to hurt others , and to do wrong for the sake of doing wrong ."
But how can you , Cecilia , who feel such a strong sense of shame , and such an eager desire to improve , imagine that you have a bad heart ?"
Show me that you have as much perseverance as you have candour , and I shall not despair of your becoming everything that I could wish ."
For it is habit which confers ease ; and without ease , even in moral actions , there can be no grace .
exclaimed Cecilia ; " don ' t you perceive that if any of you win it , you have nothing to do but to put the clips a little further from the edge , but if we get it , we can ' t make it larger ?"
Leonora was her equal ; they were her inferiors , and submission is much easier to a vain mind , where it appears to be voluntary , than when it is the necessary tribute to justice or candour .
All small objects and small errors she had been taught to disregard as trifles ; and her impatient disposition was perpetually leading her into more material faults ; yet her candour in confessing these , she had been suffered to believe , was sufficient reparation and atonement .
Without determining which species of love is the most flattering to others , we can easily decide which is the most agreeable feeling to our minds .
said she ; " then I can ' t have it .
I can ' t unscrew it ; will you try ?"
" Yes , but ," said she , stopping herself , " how can I confess it ?
Oh , I never can !
" How can she be so happy !"
And how pleasing Cecilia can be when she wishes to please !-- how candid she is !-- how much she can improve herself !
" Yes , if I could I would choose both of you ," said Louisa , " but you know I can only choose which I like the best ."
" Yes , I can prove to you ," said Mrs . Villars , " that Leonora has forgiven you .
If anybody else had told me so , I could not have believed them , because I remember the box so well ; but I can ' t help believing Leonora .'
" Children of two or three years old , who can scarcely crawl along upon the ground , in company with boys of five or six , are employed in this pretty trade .
" He always tells me that the buyer has need of a hundred eyes , and if one can blind the whole hundred , so much the better .
" The whole truth of the matter is , Francisco , that you envy my good luck , and can ' t bear to hear this money jingle in my hand .
When I am found out for what I am , or when the worst comes to the worst , I can drive a stupid ass , with his panniers filled with rubbish , as well as you do now , HONEST FRANCISCO ."
What can I want more ?"
can ' t you ?"
said Piedro , in a supplicating tone ; " CAN ' T you have thoughts of it ?
" Can ' t you ?"
Can this Piedro be a friend of yours ?"
" I wished to have been his friend ; but I see I can ' t ," said Francisco .
Thank you for its being once more in my careless hands , and tell me , I beg , whenever I can do you any service .
By - the - by , I can make up for you a fruit stall .
" That I ' ll explain to you with pleasure , as far as I know them myself ; but when I ' m at fault , my father , who is cleverer than I am , and understands trigonometry , can help us out ."
" I ' ll go this minute into the wood - market , and see if I can find your faggot .
" We can go to it ," said Francisco , " and I hope we shall recover your basketful ."
" You must come with me to Carlo ' s , and see how I spend my evenings ; then complain of me , if you can ."
None can be ignorant that near Naples is the celebrated volcanic mountain of Vesuvius ;-- that , from time to time , there happen violent eruptions from this mountain ; that is to say , flames and immense clouds of smoke issue from different openings , mouths , or CRATERS , as they are called , but more especially from the summit of the mountain , which is distinguished by the name of THE crater .
If you will give him some knowledge of your art , I will , as far as money can recompense you for your loss of time , pay whatever you may think reasonable for his instruction ."
One day , Signor Camillo came behind Francisco , as he was drawing with much intentness , and tapping him upon the shoulder , he said to him : " Put up your pencils and follow me , I can depend upon your integrity ; I have pledged myself for it .
" I have no need to steal hats ; I can afford to buy better than you ' ll have upon your head .
" If they are friends , they can wait ," said Piedro .
" You need not be ashamed of being seen in my company now , I can tell you ; for I am , as I always told you I should be , the richest man of the two ."
We shall live , whilst we can afford it , like great folks , you will see ; and I shall enjoy the envy that will be felt by some of my old friends , the little Neapolitan merchants , who will change their note when they see my change of fortune .
The old gardener , Francisco ' s father , was one of those who endeavoured to THINK THE BEST ; and all that he said upon the subject was , that he would not exchange Francisco the Honest for Piedro the Lucky ; that one can ' t judge of the day till one sees the evening as well as the morning .
He found the truth of the proverb , " that credit lost is like a Venice glass broken -- it can ' t be mended again ."
" The Count de Flora has promised him a liberal portion of all the fine furniture , plate and jewels that can be saved from his villa at Torre del Greco .
" A great while ago ; no wonder you have forgotten me ," said the man ; " but I can recall the night to your recollection .
Nay , hear me , I confess that I purloined that diamond cross ; but I can do the count a great service , upon condition that he pardons me .
" Yes , son , and a charming one it is , and a handsome piece of land near it -- all at a safe distance , too , from Mount Vesuvius ; and can you guess how I came by it ?-- it was given to me for having a good son ."
" And for that very reason you should not ask him , because , you know he can ' t refuse you anything ."
I had better go back , and just tell them that I ' m very sorry I can ' t get their shuttlecock ; do come back with me ."
" No ," said Hardy , " I can ' t go back ; and you ' d better not ."
I can ' t get through the hedge ," cried Loveit , in a lamentable tone , whilst the dog growled hideously , and sprang forward to the extremity of his chain .
" I can ' t get out !
" I can ' t come now ," said Loveit , drawing away his arm .
If you hope for MY pardon , I can tell you it ' s not to be had without asking for ."
" You don ' t think he ' s such a fool , when he can get himself off ," said Tarlton .
" Ay , sir ," interrupted Mr . William Power , " get that out of him if you can -- ask him ."
" Not because you ask it ," said Mr . Trueman to the guilty penitents , " though I should be glad to oblige you -- it wouldn ' t be just ; but there ," pointing to Hardy , " there is one who has merited a reward ; the highest I can give him is that of pardoning his companions ."
" Yes ," said the old woman ; " I will try what you can do ; but I must go up the hill along with you for the first two or three times , for fear you should get yourselves hurt ."
I told you then that I could not afford to buy such things for you ; but now that you can earn halfpence for yourselves , children , it is fair should taste a ripe plum and bit of gingerbread for once and a way in your lives ."
Stand you hereabouts , half - way up the hill , and the moment you see any carriage coming along the road , run as fast as you can and call me ."
" No , no ," said Paul , " you need not ask any woman , or anybody but me ; I can tell you all about it , as well as anybody in the whole world ."
" Why , not so well as my grandmother , perhaps , but , Anne , I can tell you that you must not talk yourself , Anne , but you must listen to me quietly , or else you won ' t understand what I am going to tell you , for I can assure you that I don ' t think I quite understood it myself , Anne , the first time my grandmother told it to me , though I stood stock still listening my best ."
I know where blankets can be got .
Those who threw it you gave it you by mistake , I warrant ; and what I would have you do is , to go to Dunstable , and try if you can , at either of the inns find out the person who gave it to you .
All you can do is to go and inquire for the gentleman who was reading in the chaise ."
Here ' s the postillion can tell you so .
He is going to bed ; he is tired and can ' t see you himself .
" But I can be certain whether the guinea you returned be mine or no ," said the gentleman .
" We like to have something to do always , if we could , sir ," said Paul ; " but we are forced to be idle sometimes , because grandmother has not always things for us to do that we CAN do well ."
" Immense as whales , the motion of whose vast bodies can in a peaceful calm trouble the ocean til it boil ."
Some say the whale can ' t open his mouth , but that is a fable .
They frequently climb up the masts to see whether they can see a whale , for the first discoverer has a ducat for his pains .
" Myself have agreed to try whether I can master and kill this Sperma - ceti whale , for I could never hear of any of that sort that was killed by any man , such is his fierceness and swiftness ."
Whenever I find myself growing grim about the mouth ; whenever it is a damp , drizzly November in my soul ; whenever I find myself involuntarily pausing before coffin warehouses , and bringing up the rear of every funeral I meet ; and especially whenever my hypos get such an upper hand of me , that it requires a strong moral principle to prevent me from deliberately stepping into the street , and methodically knocking people ' s hats off -- then , I account it high time to get to sea as soon as I can .
They must get just as nigh the water as they possibly can without falling in .
It is quite as much as I can do to take care of myself , without taking care of ships , barques , brigs , schooners , and what not .
The urbane activity with which a man receives money is really marvellous , considering that we so earnestly believe money to be the root of all earthly ills , and that on no account can a monied man enter heaven .
But wherefore it was that after having repeatedly smelt the sea as a merchant sailor , I should now take it into my head to go on a whaling voyage ; this the invisible police officer of the Fates , who has the constant surveillance of me , and secretly dogs me , and influences me in some unaccountable way -- he can better answer than any one else .
Though I cannot tell why it was exactly that those stage managers , the Fates , put me down for this shabby part of a whaling voyage , when others were set down for magnificent parts in high tragedies , and short and easy parts in genteel comedies , and jolly parts in farces -- though I cannot tell why this was exactly ; yet , now that I recall all the circumstances , I think I can see a little into the springs and motives which being cunningly presented to me under various disguises , induced me to set about performing the part I did , besides cajoling me into the delusion that it was a choice resulting from my own unbiased freewill and discriminating judgment .
Can he warm his blue hands by holding them up to the grand northern lights ?
You shuddered as you gazed , and wondered what monstrous cannibal and savage could ever have gone a death - harvesting with such a hacking , horrifying implement .
" Just as you please ; I ' m sorry I cant spare ye a tablecloth for a mattress , and it ' s a plaguy rough board here "-- feeling of the knots and notches .
But to - night he went out a peddling , you see , and I don ' t see what on airth keeps him so late , unless , may be , he can ' t sell his head ."
" Can ' t sell his head ?-- What sort of a bamboozingly story is this you are telling me ?"
" Sartain , and that ' s the very reason he can ' t sell it , I guess ."
I come to your house and want a bed ; you tell me you can only give me half a one ; that the other half belongs to a certain harpooneer .
This account cleared up the otherwise unaccountable mystery , and showed that the landlord , after all , had had no idea of fooling me -- but at the same time what could I think of a harpooneer who stayed out of a Saturday night clean into the holy Sabbath , engaged in such a cannibal business as selling the heads of dead idolators ?
I can compare it to nothing but a large door mat , ornamented at the edges with little tinkling tags something like the stained porcupine quills round an Indian moccasin .
I remembered a story of a white man -- a whaleman too -- who , falling among the cannibals , had been tattooed by them .
It ' s only his outside ; a man can be honest in any sort of skin .
The next moment the light was extinguished , and this wild cannibal , tomahawk between his teeth , sprang into bed with me .
again growled the cannibal , while his horrid flourishings of the tomahawk scattered the hot tobacco ashes about me till I thought my linen would get on fire .
" Stop your grinning ," shouted I , " and why didn ' t you tell me that that infernal harpooneer was a cannibal ?"
For all his tattooings he was on the whole a clean , comely looking cannibal .
Better sleep with a sober cannibal than a drunken Christian .
A pretty pickle , truly , thought I ; abed here in a strange house in the broad day , with a cannibal and a tomahawk !
In these last - mentioned haunts you see only sailors ; but in New Bedford , actual cannibals stand chatting at street corners ; savages outright ; many of whom yet carry on their bones unholy flesh .
But think not that this famous town has only harpooneers , cannibals , and bumpkins to show her visitors .
It is a land of oil , true enough : but not like Canaan ; a land , also , of corn and wine .
Can Herr Alexander perform a feat like that ?
And in August , high in air , the beautiful and bountiful horse - chestnuts , candelabra - wise , proffer the passer - by their tapering upright cones of congregated blossoms .
SACRED TO THE MEMORY OF ROBERT LONG , WILLIS ELLERY , NATHAN COLEMAN , WALTER CANNY , SETH MACY , AND SAMUEL GLEIG , Forming one of the boats ' crews OF THE SHIP ELIZA Who were towed out of sight by a Whale , On the Off - shore Ground in the PACIFIC , December 31st , 1839 .
ye whose dead lie buried beneath the green grass ; who standing among flowers can say -- here , HERE lies my beloved ; ye know not the desolation that broods in bosoms like these .
Can it be , then , that by that act of physical isolation , he signifies his spiritual withdrawal for the time , from all outward worldly ties and connexions ?
" I saw the opening maw of hell , With endless pains and sorrows there ; Which none but they that feel can tell -- Oh , I was plunging to despair .
What a noble thing is that canticle in the fish ' s belly !
Strong intuitions of the man assure the mariners he can be no innocent .
In this world , shipmates , sin that pays its way can travel freely , and without a passport ; whereas Virtue , if a pauper , is stopped at all frontiers .
Delight is to him , whom all the waves of the billows of the seas of the boisterous mob can never shake from this sure Keel of the Ages .
And eternal delight and deliciousness will be his , who coming to lay him down , can say with his final breath -- O Father !-- chiefly known to me by Thy rod -- mortal or immortal , here I die .
Queequeg was George Washington cannibalistically developed .
Do you suppose now , Ishmael , that the magnanimous God of heaven and earth -- pagans and all included -- can possibly be jealous of an insignificant bit of black wood ?
Because no man can ever feel his own identity aright except his eyes be closed ; as if darkness were indeed the proper element of our essences , though light be more congenial to our clayey part .
There was excellent blood in his veins -- royal stuff ; though sadly vitiated , I fear , by the cannibal propensity he nourished in his untutored youth .
As we were going along the people stared ; not at Queequeg so much -- for they were used to seeing cannibals like him in their streets ,-- but at seeing him and me upon such confidential terms .
" Look you ," roared the Captain , " I ' ll kill - e YOU , you cannibal , if you try any more of your tricks aboard here ; so mind your eye ."
We cannibals must help these Christians ."
" Queequeg ," said I , " do you think that we can make out a supper for us both on one clam ?"
A cannibal of a craft , tricking herself forth in the chased bones of her enemies .
But as I was going to say , if thou wantest to know what whaling is , as thou tellest ye do , I can put ye in a way of finding it out before ye bind yourself to it , past backing out .
Can ' t ye see the world where you stand ?"
" Captain Peleg ," said Bildad steadily , " thy conscience may be drawing ten inches of water , or ten fathoms , I can ' t tell ; but as thou art still an impenitent man , Captain Peleg , I greatly fear lest thy conscience be but a leaky one ; and will in the end sink thee foundering down to the fiery pit , Captain Peleg ."
Out of the cabin , ye canting , drab - coloured son of a wooden gun -- a straight wake with ye !"
" Killed more whales than I can count , Captain Peleg ."
Mark ye , be forewarned ; Ahab ' s above the common ; Ahab ' s been in colleges , as well as ' mong the cannibals ; been used to deeper wonders than the waves ; fixed his fiery lance in mightier , stranger foes than whales .
Think of that ; by that sweet girl that old man has a child : hold ye then there can be any utter , hopeless harm in Ahab ?
I wonder , thought I , if this can possibly be a part of his Ramadan ; do they fast on their hams that way in his native island .
It can ' t last for ever , thank God , and his Ramadan only comes once a year ; and I don ' t believe it ' s very punctual then .
As we were walking down the end of the wharf towards the ship , Queequeg carrying his harpoon , Captain Peleg in his gruff voice loudly hailed us from his wigwam , saying he had not suspected my friend was a cannibal , and furthermore announcing that he let no cannibals on board that craft , unless they previously produced their papers .
said Bildad , lifting his eyes and hands , " thou thyself , as I myself , hast seen many a perilous time ; thou knowest , Peleg , what it is to have the fear of death ; how , then , can ' st thou prate in this ungodly guise .
" Ah , my dear fellow , you can ' t fool us that way -- you can ' t fool us .
" There are some sailors running ahead there , if I see right ," said I to Queequeg , " it can ' t be shadows ; she ' s off by sunrise , I guess ; come on !"
Once more we quitted him ; but once more he came softly after us ; and touching my shoulder again , said , " See if you can find ' em now , will ye ?
" Those sailors we saw , Queequeg , where can they have gone to ?"
So to the Jews old Canaan stood , While Jordan rolled between ."
For loath to depart , yet ; very loath to leave , for good , a ship bound on so long and perilous a voyage -- beyond both stormy Capes ; a ship in which some thousands of his hard earned dollars were invested ; a ship , in which an old shipmate sailed as captain ; a man almost as old as he , once more starting to encounter all the terrors of the pitiless jaw ; loath to say good - bye to a thing so every way brimful of every interest to him ,-- poor old Bildad lingered long ; paced the deck with anxious strides ; ran down into the cabin to speak another farewell word there ; again came on deck , and looked to windward ; looked towards the wide and endless waters , only bounded by the far - off unseen Eastern Continents ; looked towards the land ; looked aloft ; looked right and left ; looked everywhere and nowhere ; and at last , mechanically coiling a rope upon its pin , convulsively grasped stout Peleg by the hand , and holding up a lantern , for a moment stood gazing heroically in his face , as much as to say , " Nevertheless , friend Peleg , I can stand it ; yes , I can ."
Can it be , though , that they anoint it with a view of making its interior run well , as they anoint machinery ?
As a general rule , he can ' t amount to much in his totality .
What then can it possibly be , but sperm oil in its unmanufactured , unpolluted state , the sweetest of all oils ?
Nor can piety itself , at such a shameful sight , completely stifle her upbraidings against the permitting stars .
Think not , is my eleventh commandment ; and sleep when you can , is my twelfth -- So here goes again .
Remember what I say ; BE kicked by him ; account his kicks honours ; and on no account kick back ; for you can ' t help yourself , wise Stubb .
Well , the best thing you can do , Flask , is to let the old man alone ; never speak to him , whatever he says .
And this is the Bibliographical system here adopted ; and it is the only one that can possibly succeed , for it alone is practicable .
I can say nothing more that is true of ye , nor can the oldest Nantucketer .
If you yourself can withstand three cheers at beholding these vivacious fish , then heaven help ye ; the spirit of godly gamesomeness is not in ye .
If any of the following whales , shall hereafter be caught and marked , then he can readily be incorporated into this System , according to his Folio , Octavo , or Duodecimo magnitude :-- The Bottle - Nose Whale ; the Junk Whale ; the Pudding - Headed Whale ; the Cape Whale ; the Leading Whale ; the Cannon Whale ; the Scragg Whale ; the Coppered Whale ; the Elephant Whale ; the Iceberg Whale ; the Quog Whale ; the Blue Whale ; etc .
But I omit them as altogether obsolete ; and can hardly help suspecting them for mere sounds , full of Leviathanism , but signifying nothing .
For be a man ' s intellectual superiority what it will , it can never assume the practical , available supremacy over other men , without the aid of some sort of external arts and entrenchments , always , in themselves , more or less paltry and base .
This it is , that for ever keeps God ' s true princes of the Empire from the world ' s hustings ; and leaves the highest honours that this air can give , to those men who become famous more through their infinite inferiority to the choice hidden handful of the Divine Inert , than through their undoubted superiority over the dead level of the mass .
hard fares the white waiter who waits upon cannibals .
You cannot put a shelf or chest of drawers in your body , and no more can you make a convenient closet of your watch - coat .
Beware of such an one , I say ; your whales must be seen before they can be killed ; and this sunken - eyed young Platonist will tow you ten wakes round the world , and never make you one pint of sperm the richer .
How can the prisoner reach outside except by thrusting through the wall ?
Cant them ; cant them over !
This lovely light , it lights not me ; all loveliness is anguish to me , since I can ne ' er enjoy .
Come , Ahab ' s compliments to ye ; come and see if ye can swerve me .
Ah me !-- not thou nor I can bear the change !
But that can ' t be , or else in his one case our old Mogul ' s fire - waters are somewhat long in working .
Here , then , was this grey - headed , ungodly old man , chasing with curses a Job ' s whale round the world , at the head of a crew , too , chiefly made up of mongrel renegades , and castaways , and cannibals -- morally enfeebled also , by the incompetence of mere unaided virtue or right - mindedness in Starbuck , the invunerable jollity of indifference and recklessness in Stubb , and the pervading mediocrity in Flask .
How it was that they so aboundingly responded to the old man ' s ire -- by what evil magic their souls were possessed , that at times his hate seemed almost theirs ; the White Whale as much their insufferable foe as his ; how all this came to be -- what the White Whale was to them , or how to their unconscious understandings , also , in some dim , unsuspected way , he might have seemed the gliding great demon of the seas of life ,-- all this to explain , would be to dive deeper than Ishmael can go .
The subterranean miner that works in us all , how can one tell whither leads his shaft by the ever shifting , muffled sound of his pick ?
What skiff in tow of a seventy - four can stand still ?
But how can I hope to explain myself here ; and yet , in some dim , random way , explain myself I must , else all these chapters might be naught .
So that not the fierce - fanged tiger in his heraldic coat can so stagger courage as the white - shrouded bear or shark .
I cannot tell , can only hint , the things that darted through me then .
Nor can it be questioned from what stands on legendary record of this noble horse , that it was his spiritual whiteness chiefly , which so clothed him with divineness ; and that this divineness had that in it which , though commanding worship , at the same time enforced a certain nameless terror .
Therefore , in his other moods , symbolize whatever grand or gracious thing he will by whiteness , no man can deny that in its profoundest idealized significance it calls up a peculiar apparition to the soul .
Can we , then , by the citation of some of those instances wherein this thing of whiteness -- though for the time either wholly or in great part stripped of all direct associations calculated to impart to it aught fearful , but nevertheless , is found to exert over us the same sorcery , however modified ;-- can we thus hope to light upon some chance clue to conduct us to the hidden cause we seek ?
But in a matter like this , subtlety appeals to subtlety , and without imagination no man can follow another into these halls .
Nor is it , altogether , the remembrance of her cathedral - toppling earthquakes ; nor the stampedoes of her frantic seas ; nor the tearlessness of arid skies that never rain ; nor the sight of her wide field of leaning spires , wrenched cope - stones , and crosses all adroop ( like canted yards of anchored fleets ); and her suburban avenues of house - walls lying over upon each other , as a tossed pack of cards ;-- it is not these things alone which make tearless Lima , the strangest , saddest city thou can ' st see .
I do not know where I can find a better place than just here , to make mention of one or two other things , which to me seem important , as in printed form establishing in all respects the reasonableness of the whole story of the White Whale , more especially the catastrophe .
But fortunately the special point I here seek can be established upon testimony entirely independent of my own .
The English ship Pusie Hall can tell a story on that head ; and , as for his strength , let me say , that there have been examples where the lines attached to a running sperm whale have , in a calm , been transferred to the ship , and secured there ; the whale towing her great hull through the water , as a horse walks off with a cart .
Even now I am certain that those seas are not , and perhaps never can be , in the present constitution of things , a place for his habitual gregarious resort .
In the Propontis , as far as I can learn , none of that peculiar substance called BRIT is to be found , the aliment of the right whale .
pull , can ' t ye ?
Can ' t be helped !
" I can ' t see three seas off ; tip us up an oar there , and let me on to that ."
Not the raw recruit , marching from the bosom of his wife into the fever heat of his first battle ; not the dead man ' s ghost encountering the first unknown phantom in the other world ;-- neither of these can feel stranger and stronger emotions than that man does , who for the first time finds himself pulling into the charmed , churned circle of the hunted sperm whale .
" Can ' t you twist that smaller ?"
In tempestuous times like these , after everything above and aloft has been secured , nothing more can be done but passively to await the issue of the gale .
* The cabin - compass is called the tell - tale , because without going to the compass at the helm , the Captain , while below , can inform himself of the course of the ship .
He is thus completely wedged before and behind , and can only expand himself sideways by settling down on his stretched legs ; but a sudden , violent pitch of the boat will often go far to topple him , because length of foundation is nothing without corresponding breadth .
Now this Radney , I suppose , was as little of a coward , and as little inclined to any sort of nervous apprehensiveness touching his own person as any fearless , unthinking creature on land or on sea that you can conveniently imagine , gentlemen .
"' Aye , aye , my merry lads , it ' s a lively leak this ; hold a cannikin , one of ye , and let ' s have a taste .
They ' re playing the devil with his estate , I can tell him .
"' Look ye , now ,' cried the Lakeman , flinging out his arm towards him , ' there are a few of us here ( and I am one of them ) who have shipped for the cruise , d ' ye see ; now as you well know , sir , we can claim our discharge as soon as the anchor is down ; so we don ' t want a row ; it ' s not our interest ; we want to be peaceable ; we are ready to work , but we won ' t be flogged .'
Take that gag from his mouth , and let us hear what he can say for himself .'
"' Excuse me for running after you , Don Sebastian ; but may I also beg that you will be particular in procuring the largest sized Evangelists you can .'
I shall ere long paint to you as well as one can without canvas , something like the true form of the whale as he actually appears to the eye of the whaleman when in his own absolute body the whale is moored alongside the whale - ship so that he can be fairly stepped upon there .
Of course , he never had the benefit of a whaling voyage ( such men seldom have ), but whence he derived that picture , who can tell ?
Though Jeremy Bentham ' s skeleton , which hangs for candelabra in the library of one of his executors , correctly conveys the idea of a burly - browed utilitarian old gentleman , with all Jeremy ' s other leading personal characteristics ; yet nothing of this kind could be inferred from any leviathan ' s articulated bones .
" However recklessly the whale may sometimes serve us ," said humorous Stubb one day , " he can never be truly said to handle us without mittens ."
True , one portrait may hit the mark much nearer than another , but none can hit it with any very considerable degree of exactness .
And the only mode in which you can derive even a tolerable idea of his living contour , is by going a whaling yourself ; but by so doing , you run no small risk of being eternally stove and sunk by him .
He has but one picture of whaling scenes , and this is a sad deficiency , because it is by such pictures only , when at all well done , that you can derive anything like a truthful idea of the living whale as seen by his living hunters .
I myself am a savage , owning no allegiance but to the King of the Cannibals ; and ready at any moment to rebel against him .
Nor when expandingly lifted by your subject , can you fail to trace out great whales in the starry heavens , and boats in pursuit of them ; as when long filled with thoughts of war the Eastern nations saw armies locked in battle among the clouds .
And even when recognised at last , their immense magnitude renders it very hard really to believe that such bulky masses of overgrowth can possibly be instinct , in all parts , with the same sort of life that lives in a dog or a horse .
Indeed , in other respects , you can hardly regard any creatures of the deep with the same feelings that you do those of the shore .
The accursed shark alone can in any generic respect be said to bear comparative analogy to him .
But though , to landsmen in general , the native inhabitants of the seas have ever been regarded with emotions unspeakably unsocial and repelling ; though we know the sea to be an everlasting terra incognita , so that Columbus sailed over numberless unknown worlds to discover his one superficial western one ; though , by vast odds , the most terrific of all mortal disasters have immemorially and indiscriminately befallen tens and hundreds of thousands of those who have gone upon the waters ; though but a moment ' s consideration will teach , that however baby man may brag of his science and skill , and however much , in a flattering future , that science and skill may augment ; yet for ever and for ever , to the crack of doom , the sea will insult and murder him , and pulverize the stateliest , stiffest frigate he can make ; nevertheless , by the continual repetition of these very impressions , man has lost that sense of the full awfulness of the sea which aboriginally belongs to it .
Consider , once more , the universal cannibalism of the sea ; all whose creatures prey upon each other , carrying on eternal war since the world began .
For though other species of whales find their food above water , and may be seen by man in the act of feeding , the spermaceti whale obtains his whole food in unknown zones below the surface ; and only by inference is it that any one can tell of what , precisely , that food consists .
Nor can any son of mortal woman , for the first time , seat himself amid those hempen intricacies , and while straining his utmost at the oar , bethink him that at any unknown instant the harpoon may be darted , and all these horrible contortions be put in play like ringed lightnings ; he cannot be thus circumstanced without a shudder that makes the very marrow in his bones to quiver in him like a shaken jelly .
It is worse ; for you cannot sit motionless in the heart of these perils , because the boat is rocking like a cradle , and you are pitched one way and the other , without the slightest warning ; and only by a certain self - adjusting buoyancy and simultaneousness of volition and action , can you escape being made a Mazeppa of , and run away with where the all - seeing sun himself could never pierce you out .
A continual cascade played at the bows ; a ceaseless whirling eddy in her wake ; and , at the slightest motion from within , even but of a little finger , the vibrating , cracking craft canted over her spasmodic gunwale into the sea .
No wonder , taking the whole fleet of whalemen in a body , that out of fifty fair chances for a dart , not five are successful ; no wonder that so many hapless harpooneers are madly cursed and disrated ; no wonder that some of them actually burst their blood - vessels in the boat ; no wonder that some sperm whalemen are absent four years with four barrels ; no wonder that to many ship owners , whaling is but a losing concern ; for it is the harpooneer that makes the voyage , and if you take the breath out of his body how can you expect to find it there when most wanted !
Though amid all the smoking horror and diabolism of a sea - fight , sharks will be seen longingly gazing up to the ship ' s decks , like hungry dogs round a table where red meat is being carved , ready to bolt down every killed man that is tossed to them ; and though , while the valiant butchers over the deck - table are thus cannibally carving each other ' s live meat with carving - knives all gilded and tasselled , the sharks , also , with their jewel - hilted mouths , are quarrelsomely carving away under the table at the dead meat ; and though , were you to turn the whole affair upside down , it would still be pretty much the same thing , that is to say , a shocking sharkish business enough for all parties ; and though sharks also are the invariable outriders of all slave ships crossing the Atlantic , systematically trotting alongside , to be handy in case a parcel is to be carried anywhere , or a dead slave to be decently buried ; and though one or two other like instances might be set down , touching the set terms , places , and occasions , when sharks do most socially congregate , and most hilariously feast ; yet is there no conceivable time or occasion when you will find them in such countless numbers , and in gayer or more jovial spirits , than around a dead sperm whale , moored by night to a whaleship at sea .
Blast me , if I can hear my own voice .
Massa Stubb say dat you can fill your dam bellies up to de hatchings , but by Gor !
" Your woraciousness , fellow - critters , I don ' t blame ye so much for ; dat is natur , and can ' t be helped ; but to gobern dat wicked natur , dat is de pint .
I know some o ' you has berry brig mout , brigger dan oders ; but den de brig mouts sometimes has de small bellies ; so dat de brigness of de mout is not to swaller wid , but to bit off de blubber for de small fry ob sharks , dat can ' t get into de scrouge to help demselves ."
" No use goin ' on ; de dam willains will keep a scougin ' and slappin ' each oder , Massa Stubb ; dey don ' t hear one word ; no use a - preaching to such dam g ' uttons as you call ' em , till dare bellies is full , and dare bellies is bottomless ; and when dey do get ' em full , dey wont hear you den ; for den dey sink in the sea , go fast to sleep on de coral , and can ' t hear noting at all , no more , for eber and eber ."
Kick up de damndest row as ever you can ; fill your dam bellies ' till dey bust -- and den die ."
They have such an eatable look that the most self - denying stranger can hardly keep his hands off .
And that is the reason why a young buck with an intelligent looking calf ' s head before him , is somehow one of the saddest sights you can see .
Does not that sight take a tooth out of the cannibal ' s jaw ?
Cannibals ?
who is not a cannibal ?
In most other parts of the ocean , however , where these fish do not so largely abound , their wondrous voracity can be at times considerably diminished , by vigorously stirring them up with sharp whaling - spades , a procedure notwithstanding , which , in some instances , only seems to tickle them into still greater activity .
In the first place , the enormous cutting tackles , among other ponderous things comprising a cluster of blocks generally painted green , and which no single man can possibly lift -- this vast bunch of grapes was swayed up to the main - top and firmly lashed to the lower mast - head , the strongest point anywhere above a ship ' s deck .
Now , however preposterous it may at first seem to talk of any creature ' s skin as being of that sort of consistence and thickness , yet in point of fact these are no arguments against such a presumption ; because you cannot raise any other dense enveloping layer from the whale ' s body but that same blubber ; and the outermost enveloping layer of any animal , if reasonably dense , what can that be but the skin ?
Consider that the whale has nothing that can properly be called a neck ; on the contrary , where his head and body seem to join , there , in that very place , is the thickest part of him .
" Can ' st not read it ?"
is ginger the sort of fuel you use , Dough - boy , to kindle a fire in this shivering cannibal ?
But we must let it continue hanging there a while till we can get a chance to attend to it .
For the present other matters press , and the best we can do now for the head , is to pray heaven the tackles may hold .
said Flask , coiling some spare line in the boat ' s bow , " did you never hear that the ship which but once has a Sperm Whale ' s head hoisted on her starboard side , and at the same time a Right Whale ' s on the larboard ; did you never hear , Stubb , that that ship can never afterwards capsize ?"
Stubb , you are skylarking ; how can Fedallah do that ?"
" I think I remember some such story as you were telling ," said Flask , when at last the two boats were slowly advancing with their burden towards the ship , " but I can ' t remember where ."
And if the devil has a latch - key to get into the admiral ' s cabin , don ' t you suppose he can crawl into a porthole ?
Now , from this peculiar sideway position of the whale ' s eyes , it is plain that he can never see an object which is exactly ahead , no more than he can one exactly astern .
Moreover , while in most other animals that I can now think of , the eyes are so planted as imperceptibly to blend their visual power , so as to produce one picture and not two to the brain ; the peculiar position of the whale ' s eyes , effectually divided as they are by many cubic feet of solid head , which towers between them like a great mountain separating two lakes in valleys ; this , of course , must wholly separate the impressions which each independent organ imparts .
Nevertheless , any one ' s experience will teach him , that though he can take in an undiscriminating sweep of things at one glance , it is quite impossible for him , attentively , and completely , to examine any two things -- however large or however small -- at one and the same instant of time ; never mind if they lie side by side and touch each other .
True , both his eyes , in themselves , must simultaneously act ; but is his brain so much more comprehensive , combining , and subtle than man ' s , that he can at the same moment of time attentively examine two distinct prospects , one on one side of him , and the other in an exactly opposite direction ?
If he can , then is it as marvellous a thing in him , as if a man were able simultaneously to go through the demonstrations of two distinct problems in Euclid .
The ear has no external leaf whatever ; and into the hole itself you can hardly insert a quill , so wondrously minute is it .
Let us now with whatever levers and steam - engines we have at hand , cant over the sperm whale ' s head , that it may lie bottom up ; then , ascending by a ladder to the summit , have a peep down the mouth ; and were it not that the body is now completely separated from it , with a lantern we might descend into the great Kentucky Mammoth Cave of his stomach .
Can you catch the expression of the Sperm Whale ' s there ?
A large whale ' s case generally yields about five hundred gallons of sperm , though from unavoidable circumstances , considerable of it is spilled , leaks , and dribbles away , or is otherwise irrevocably lost in the ticklish business of securing what you can .
Only one sweeter end can readily be recalled -- the delicious death of an Ohio honey - hunter , who seeking honey in the crotch of a hollow tree , found such exceeding store of it , that leaning too far over , it sucked him in , so that he died embalmed .
I try all things ; I achieve what I can .
For as in landscape gardening , a spire , cupola , monument , or tower of some sort , is deemed almost indispensable to the completion of the scene ; so no face can be physiognomically in keeping without the elevated open - work belfry of the nose .
Read it if you can .
As for his true brain , you can then see no indications of it , nor feel any .
And by those negations , considered along with the affirmative fact of his prodigious bulk and power , you can best form to yourself the truest , though not the most exhilarating conception of what the most exalted potency is .
" Not that ," said Stubb , " no , no , it ' s a coffee - pot , Mr . Starbuck ; he ' s coming off to make us our coffee , is the Yarman ; don ' t you see that big tin can there alongside of him ?-- that ' s his boiling water .
" Go along with you ," cried Flask , " it ' s a lamp - feeder and an oil - can .
As he mounted the deck , Ahab abruptly accosted him , without at all heeding what he had in his hand ; but in his broken lingo , the German soon evinced his complete ignorance of the White Whale ; immediately turning the conversation to his lamp - feeder and oil can , with some remarks touching his having to turn into his hammock at night in profound darkness -- his last drop of Bremen oil being gone , and not a single flying - fish yet captured to supply the deficiency ; concluding by hinting that his ship was indeed what in the Fishery is technically called a CLEAN one ( that is , an empty one ), well deserving the name of Jungfrau or the Virgin .
His necessities supplied , Derick departed ; but he had not gained his ship ' s side , when whales were almost simultaneously raised from the mast - heads of both vessels ; and so eager for the chase was Derick , that without pausing to put his oil - can and lamp - feeder aboard , he slewed round his boat and made after the leviathan lamp - feeders .
At this moment Derick was in the act of pitching his lamp - feeder at the advancing boats , and also his oil - can ; perhaps with the double view of retarding his rivals ' way , and at the same time economically accelerating his own by the momentary impetus of the backward toss .
Who can tell how appalling to the wounded whale must have been such huge phantoms flitting over his head !
What club but the whaleman ' s can head off like that ?
Nor is it to be doubted that as such a procedure can do no harm , it may possibly be of no contemptible advantage ; considering that oil and water are hostile ; that oil is a sliding thing , and that the object in view is to make the boat slide bravely .
It is furnished with a small rope called a warp , of considerable length , by which it can be hauled back to the hand after darting .
Then , Tashtego , lad , I ' d have ye hold a canakin to the jet , and we ' d drink round it !
But owing to his marked internal structure which gives him regular lungs , like a human being ' s , the whale can only live by inhaling the disengaged air in the open atmosphere .
But owing to the mystery of the spout -- whether it be water or whether it be vapour -- no absolute certainty can as yet be arrived at on this head .
You have seen him spout ; then declare what the spout is ; can you not tell water from air ?
The central body of it is hidden in the snowy sparkling mist enveloping it ; and how can you certainly tell whether any water falls from it , when , always , when you are close enough to a whale to get a close view of his spout , he is in a prodigious commotion , the water cascading all around him .
The wisest thing the investigator can do then , it seems to me , is to let this deadly spout alone .
Still , we can hypothesize , even if we cannot prove and establish .
Therein no fairy ' s arm can transcend it .
No ribs of man or boat can withstand it .
Two thick squares of wood of equal size are stoutly clenched together , so that they cross each other ' s grain at right angles ; a line of considerable length is then attached to the middle of this block , and the other end of the line being looped , it can in a moment be fastened to a harpoon .
For then , more whales are close round you than you can possibly chase at one time .
But sperm whales are not every day encountered ; while you may , then , you must kill all you can .
And if you cannot kill them all at once , you must wing them , so that they can be afterwards killed at your leisure .
A Loose - Fish is fair game for anybody who can soonest catch it .
The truth is , that living or dead , if but decently treated , whales as a species are by no means creatures of ill odor ; nor can whalemen be recognised , as the people of the middle ages affected to detect a Jew in the company , by the nose .
Nor indeed can the whale possibly be otherwise than fragrant , when , as a general thing , he enjoys such high health ; taking abundance of exercise ; always out of doors ; though , it is true , seldom in the open air .
We can ' t afford to lose whales by the likes of you ; a whale would sell for thirty times what you would , Pip , in Alabama .
who can tell it ?
This spade is sharp as hone can make it ; the spademan ' s feet are shoeless ; the thing he stands on will sometimes irresistibly slide away from him , like a sledge .
So the pitch and sulphur - freighted brigs of the bold Hydriote , Canaris , issuing from their midnight harbors , with broad sheets of flame for sails , bore down upon the Turkish frigates , and folded them in conflagrations .
And there is a Catskill eagle in some souls that can alike dive down into the blackest gorges , and soar out of them again and become invisible in the sunny spaces .
While still warm , the oil , like hot punch , is received into the six - barrel casks ; and while , perhaps , the ship is pitching and rolling this way and that in the midnight sea , the enormous casks are slewed round and headed over , end for end , and sometimes perilously scoot across the slippery deck , like so many land slides , till at last man - handled and stayed in their course ; and all round the hoops , rap , rap , go as many hammers as can play upon them , for now , EX OFFICIO , every sailor is a cooper .
" No fairy fingers can have pressed the gold , but devil ' s claws must have left their mouldings there since yesterday ," murmured Starbuck to himself , leaning against the bulwarks .
I ' ll get the almanac and as I have heard devils can be raised with Daboll ' s arithmetic , I ' ll try my hand at raising a meaning out of these queer curvicues here with the Massachusetts calendar .
What says the Cannibal ?
I can stand the rest , for they have plain wits ; but he ' s too crazy - witty for my sanity .
let us shake bones together !-- an arm and a leg !-- an arm that never can shrink , d ' ye see ; and a leg that never can run .
" No , thank ye , Bunger ," said the English Captain , " he ' s welcome to the arm he has , since I can ' t help it , and didn ' t know him then ; but not to another one .
But why was it , think ye , that the Samuel Enderby , and some other English whalers I know of -- not all though -- were such famous , hospitable ships ; that passed round the beef , and the bread , and the can , and the joke ; and were not soon weary of eating , and drinking , and laughing ?
For , say they , when cruising in an empty ship , if you can get nothing better out of the world , get a good dinner out of it , at least .
Can you land a full - grown whale on your deck for examination , as a cook dishes a roast - pig ?
Because there are skeleton authorities you can refer to , to test my accuracy .
Sir Clifford ' s whale has been articulated throughout ; so that , like a great chest of drawers , you can open and shut him , in all his bony cavities -- spread out his ribs like a gigantic fan -- and swing all day upon his lower jaw .
Only in the heart of quickest perils ; only when within the eddyings of his angry flukes ; only on the profound unbounded sea , can the fully invested whale be truly and livingly found out .
For that , the best way we can consider it is , with a crane , to pile its bones high up on end .
I was told that there were still smaller ones , but they had been lost by some little cannibal urchins , the priest ' s children , who had stolen them to play marbles with .
No great and enduring volume can ever be written on the flea , though many there be who have tried it .
When I stand among these mighty Leviathan skeletons , skulls , tusks , jaws , ribs , and vertebrae , all characterized by partial resemblances to the existing breeds of sea - monsters ; but at the same time bearing on the other hand similar affinities to the annihilated antichronical Leviathans , their incalculable seniors ; I am , by a flood , borne back to that wondrous period , ere time itself can be said to have begun ; for time began with man .
Who can show a pedigree like Leviathan ?
The Common People imagine , that by a secret Power bestowed by God upon the temple , no Whale can pass it without immediate death .
Whether owing to the almost omniscient look - outs at the mast - heads of the whaleships , now penetrating even through Behring ' s straits , and into the remotest secret drawers and lockers of the world ; and the thousand harpoons and lances darted along all continental coasts ; the moot point is , whether Leviathan can long endure so wide a chase , and so remorseless a havoc ; whether he must not at last be exterminated from the waters , and the last whale , like the last man , smoke his last pipe , and then himself evaporate in the final puff .
And as upon the invasion of their valleys , the frosty Swiss have retreated to their mountains ; so , hunted from the savannas and glades of the middle seas , the whale - bone whales can at last resort to their Polar citadels , and diving under the ultimate glassy barriers and walls there , come up among icy fields and floes ; and in a charmed circle of everlasting December , bid defiance to all pursuit from man .
No fear ; I like a good grip ; I like to feel something in this slippery world that can hold , man .
Yet I don ' t stop to plug my leak ; for who can find it in the deep - loaded hull ; or how hope to plug it , even if found , in this life ' s howling gale ?
" Because I am scorched all over , Captain Ahab ," answered Perth , resting for a moment on his hammer ; " I am past scorching ; not easily can ' st thou scorch a scar ."
How can ' st thou endure without being mad ?
Do the heavens yet hate thee , that thou can ' st not go mad ?-- What wert thou making there ?"
" And can ' st thou make it all smooth again , blacksmith , after such hard usage as it had ?"
" And I suppose thou can ' st smoothe almost any seams and dents ; never mind how hard the metal , blacksmith ?"
" Aye , sir , I think I can ; all seams and dents but one ."
" Look ye here , then ," cried Ahab , passionately advancing , and leaning with both hands on Perth ' s shoulders ; " look ye here -- HERE -- can ye smoothe out a seam like this , blacksmith ," sweeping one hand across his ribbed brow ; " if thou could ' st , blacksmith , glad enough would I lay my head upon thy anvil , and feel thy heaviest hammer between my eyes .
Can ' st thou smoothe this seam ?"
" Loveliness unfathomable , as ever lover saw in his young bride ' s eye !-- Tell me not of thy teeth - tiered sharks , and thy kidnapping cannibal ways .
Have I not said , old man , that neither hearse nor coffin can be thine ?"
" And when thou art so gone before -- if that ever befall -- then ere I can follow , thou must still appear to me , to pilot me still ?-- Was it not so ?
" Take another pledge , old man ," said the Parsee , as his eyes lighted up like fire - flies in the gloom --" Hemp only can kill thee ."
Stubb , for one , can ' t fight it .
how can you see better of a dark night than anybody else , never mind how foolish ?"
" The gale that now hammers at us to stave us , we can turn it into a fair wind that will drive us towards home .
Thou canst blind ; but I can then grope .
Thou canst consume ; but I can then be ashes .
First take your leg off from the crown of the anchor here , though , so I can pass the rope ; now listen .
Don ' t you see , you timber - head , that no harm can come to the holder of the rod , unless the mast is first struck ?
any man with half an eye can be sensible ."
It was thus with the Pequod ' s ; at almost every shock the helmsman had not failed to notice the whirling velocity with which they revolved upon the cards ; it is a sight that hardly anyone can behold without some sort of unwonted emotion .
I can ' t withstand thee , then , old man .
boy !-- But if I wake thee not to death , old man , who can tell to what unsounded deeps Starbuck ' s body this day week may sink , with all the crew !
" Men ," said he , steadily turning upon the crew , as the mate handed him the things he had demanded , " my men , the thunder turned old Ahab ' s needles ; but out of this bit of steel Ahab can make one of his own , that will point as true as any ."
But Ahab can mend all .
" There can be no hearts above the snow - line .
" It will make a good enough one ," said Flask , " the carpenter here can arrange it easily ."
The whole he can endure ; at the parts he baulks .
We work by the month , or by the job , or by the profit ; not for us to ask the why and wherefore of our work , unless it be too confounded cobbling , and then we stash it if we can .
Can it be that in some spiritual sense the coffin is , after all , but an immortality - preserver !
But the lovely aromas in that enchanted air did at last seem to dispel , for a moment , the cankerous thing in his soul .
About this time -- yes , it is his noon nap now -- the boy vivaciously wakes ; sits up in bed ; and his mother tells him of me , of cannibal old me ; how I am abroad upon the deep , but will yet come back to dance him again ."
But if the great sun move not of himself ; but is as an errand - boy in heaven ; nor one single star can revolve , but by some invisible power ; how then can this one small heart beat ; this one small brain think thoughts ; unless God does that beating , does that thinking , does that living , and not I .
" Can ' t see the spout now , sir ;-- too dark "-- cried a voice from the air .
cried Stubb , " I knew it -- ye can ' t escape -- blow on and split your spout , O whale !
Nor white whale , nor man , nor fiend , can so much as graze old Ahab in his own proper and inaccessible being .
Can any lead touch yonder floor , any mast scrape yonder roof ?-- Aloft there !
I can ' t compare with it ; and I ' ve known some ships made of dead trees outlast the lives of men made of the most vital stuff of vital fathers .
ye but strike a thing without a lid ; and no coffin and no hearse can be mine :-- and hemp only can kill me !
those boats are useless now ; repair them if ye can in time , and return to me ; if not , Ahab is enough to die -- Down , men !
pull on !-- But who can tell "-- he muttered --" whether these sharks swim to feast on the whale or on Ahab ?-- But pull on !
As both steel and curse sank to the socket , as if sucked into a morass , Moby Dick sideways writhed ; spasmodically rolled his nigh flank against the bow , and , without staving a hole in it , so suddenly canted the boat over , that had it not been for the elevated part of the gunwale to which he then clung , Ahab would once more have been tossed into the sea .
and since neither can be mine , let me then tow to pieces , while still chasing thee , though tied to thee , thou damned whale !
A dungeon horrible , on all sides round , As one great furnace flamed ; yet from those flames No light ; but rather darkness visible Served only to discover sights of woe , Regions of sorrow , doleful shades , where peace And rest can never dwell , hope never comes That comes to all , but torture without end Still urges , and a fiery deluge , fed With ever - burning sulphur unconsumed .
Yet not for those , Nor what the potent Victor in his rage Can else inflict , do I repent , or change , Though changed in outward lustre , that fixed mind , And high disdain from sense of injured merit , That with the Mightiest raised me to contend , And to the fierce contentions brought along Innumerable force of Spirits armed , That durst dislike his reign , and , me preferring , His utmost power with adverse power opposed In dubious battle on the plains of Heaven , And shook his throne .
So spake th ' apostate Angel , though in pain , Vaunting aloud , but racked with deep despair ; And him thus answered soon his bold compeer :-- " O Prince , O Chief of many throned Powers That led th ' embattled Seraphim to war Under thy conduct , and , in dreadful deeds Fearless , endangered Heaven ' s perpetual King , And put to proof his high supremacy , Whether upheld by strength , or chance , or fate , Too well I see and rue the dire event That , with sad overthrow and foul defeat , Hath lost us Heaven , and all this mighty host In horrible destruction laid thus low , As far as Gods and heavenly Essences Can perish : for the mind and spirit remains Invincible , and vigour soon returns , Though all our glory extinct , and happy state Here swallowed up in endless misery .
What can it the avail though yet we feel Strength undiminished , or eternal being To undergo eternal punishment ?"
Thither let us tend From off the tossing of these fiery waves ; There rest , if any rest can harbour there ; And , re - assembling our afflicted powers , Consult how we may henceforth most offend Our enemy , our own loss how repair , How overcome this dire calamity , What reinforcement we may gain from hope , If not , what resolution from despair ."
Be it so , since he Who now is sovereign can dispose and bid What shall be right : farthest from him is best Whom reason hath equalled , force hath made supreme Above his equals .
The mind is its own place , and in itself Can make a Heaven of Hell , a Hell of Heaven .
He called so loud that all the hollow deep Of Hell resounded :--" Princes , Potentates , Warriors , the Flower of Heaven -- once yours ; now lost , If such astonishment as this can seize Eternal Spirits !
For Spirits , when they please , Can either sex assume , or both ; so soft And uncompounded is their essence pure , Not tried or manacled with joint or limb , Nor founded on the brittle strength of bones , Like cumbrous flesh ; but , in what shape they choose , Dilated or condensed , bright or obscure , Can execute their airy purposes , And works of love or enmity fulfil .
For who can yet believe , though after loss , That all these puissant legions , whose exile Hath emptied Heaven , shall fail to re - ascend , Self - raised , and repossess their native seat ?
Peace is despaired ; For who can think submission ?
High on a throne of royal state , which far Outshone the wealth or Ormus and of Ind , Or where the gorgeous East with richest hand Showers on her kings barbaric pearl and gold , Satan exalted sat , by merit raised To that bad eminence ; and , from despair Thus high uplifted beyond hope , aspires Beyond thus high , insatiate to pursue Vain war with Heaven ; and , by success untaught , His proud imaginations thus displayed :-- " Powers and Dominions , Deities of Heaven !-- For , since no deep within her gulf can hold Immortal vigour , though oppressed and fallen , I give not Heaven for lost : from this descent Celestial Virtues rising will appear More glorious and more dread than from no fall , And trust themselves to fear no second fate !-- Me though just right , and the fixed laws of Heaven , Did first create your leader -- next , free choice With what besides in council or in fight Hath been achieved of merit -- yet this loss , Thus far at least recovered , hath much more Established in a safe , unenvied throne , Yielded with full consent .
Where there is , then , no good For which to strive , no strife can grow up there From faction : for none sure will claim in Hell Precedence ; none whose portion is so small Of present pain that with ambitious mind Will covet more !
With this advantage , then , To union , and firm faith , and firm accord , More than can be in Heaven , we now return To claim our just inheritance of old , Surer to prosper than prosperity Could have assured us ; and by what best way , Whether of open war or covert guile , We now debate .
Who can advise may speak ."
What can be worse Than to dwell here , driven out from bliss , condemned In this abhorred deep to utter woe !
And who knows , Let this be good , whether our angry Foe Can give it , or will ever ?
How he can Is doubtful ; that he never will is sure .
Say they who counsel war ; ' we are decreed , Reserved , and destined to eternal woe ; Whatever doing , what can we suffer more , What can we suffer worse ?'
War , therefore , open or concealed , alike My voice dissuades ; for what can force or guile With him , or who deceive his mind , whose eye Views all things at one view ?
This is now Our doom ; which if we can sustain and bear , Our Supreme Foe in time may much remit His anger , and perhaps , thus far removed , Not mind us not offending , satisfied With what is punished ; whence these raging fires Will slacken , if his breath stir not their flames .
The former , vain to hope , argues as vain The latter ; for what place can be for us Within Heaven ' s bound , unless Heaven ' s Lord supreme We overpower ?
Our greatness will appear Then most conspicuous when great things of small , Useful of hurtful , prosperous of adverse , We can create , and in what place soe ' er Thrive under evil , and work ease out of pain Through labour and endurance .
This desert soil Wants not her hidden lustre , gems and gold ; Nor want we skill or art from whence to raise Magnificence ; and what can Heaven show more ?
and what peace can we return , But , to our power , hostility and hate , Untamed reluctance , and revenge , though slow , Yet ever plotting how the Conqueror least May reap his conquest , and may least rejoice In doing what we most in suffering feel ?
What strength , what art , can then Suffice , or what evasion bear him safe , Through the strict senteries and stations thick Of Angels watching round ?
Down they fell , Driven headlong from the pitch of Heaven , down Into this Deep ; and in the general fall I also : at which time this powerful key Into my hands was given , with charge to keep These gates for ever shut , which none can pass Without my opening .
But thou , O father , I forewarn thee , shun His deadly arrow ; neither vainly hope To be invulnerable in those bright arms , Through tempered heavenly ; for that mortal dint , Save he who reigns above , none can resist ."
I upon my frontiers here Keep residence ; if all I can will serve That little which is left so to defend , Encroached on still through our intestine broils Weakening the sceptre of old Night : first , Hell , Your dungeon , stretching far and wide beneath ; Now lately Heaven and Earth , another world Hung o ' er my realm , linked in a golden chain To that side Heaven from whence your legions fell !
whom no bounds Prescrib ' d no bars of Hell , nor all the chains Heap ' d on him there , nor yet the main abyss Wide interrupt , can hold ; so bent he seems On desperate revenge , that shall redound Upon his own rebellious head .
And now , Through all restraint broke loose , he wings his way Not far off Heaven , in the precincts of light , Directly towards the new created world , And man there plac ' d , with purpose to assay If him by force he can destroy , or , worse , By some false guile pervert ; and shall pervert ; For man will hearken to his glozing lies , And easily transgress the sole command , Sole pledge of his obedience : So will fall He and his faithless progeny : Whose fault ?
they therefore , as to right belong $ ' d , So were created , nor can justly accuse Their Maker , or their making , or their fate , As if predestination over - rul ' d Their will dispos ' d by absolute decree Or high foreknowledge they themselves decreed Their own revolt , not I ; if I foreknew , Foreknowledge had no influence on their fault , Which had no less proved certain unforeknown .
Happy for Man , so coming ; he her aid Can never seek , once dead in sins , and lost ; Atonement for himself , or offering meet , Indebted and undone , hath none to bring ; Behold me then : me for him , life for life I offer : on me let thine anger fall ; Account me Man ; I for his sake will leave Thy bosom , and this glory next to thee Freely put off , and for him lastly die Well pleased ; on me let Death wreak all his rage .
Thou hast given me to possess Life in myself for ever ; by thee I live ; Though now to Death I yield , and am his due , All that of me can die , yet , that debt paid , $ thou wilt not leave me in the loathsome grave His prey , nor suffer my unspotted soul For ever with corruption there to dwell ; But I shall rise victorious , and subdue My vanquisher , spoiled of his vaunted spoil .
Thee next they sang of all creation first , Begotten Son , Divine Similitude , In whose conspicuous countenance , without cloud Made visible , the Almighty Father shines , Whom else no creature can behold ; on thee Impressed the effulgence of his glory abides , Transfused on thee his ample Spirit rests .
As when a vultur on Imaus bred , Whose snowy ridge the roving Tartar bounds , Dislodging from a region scarce of prey To gorge the flesh of lambs or yeanling kids , On hills where flocks are fed , flies toward the springs Of Ganges or Hydaspes , Indian streams ; But in his way lights on the barren plains Of Sericana , where Chineses drive With sails and wind their cany waggons light : So , on this windy sea of land , the Fiend Walked up and down alone , bent on his prey ; Alone , for other creature in this place , Living or lifeless , to be found was none ; None yet , but store hereafter from the earth Up hither like aereal vapours flew Of all things transitory and vain , when sin With vanity had filled the works of men : Both all things vain , and all who in vain things Built their fond hopes of glory or lasting fame , Or happiness in this or the other life ; All who have their reward on earth , the fruits Of painful superstition and blind zeal , Nought seeking but the praise of men , here find Fit retribution , empty as their deeds ; All the unaccomplished works of Nature ' s hand , Abortive , monstrous , or unkindly mixed , Dissolved on earth , fleet hither , and in vain , Till final dissolution , wander here ; Not in the neighbouring moon as some have dreamed ; Those argent fields more likely habitants , Translated Saints , or middle Spirits hold Betwixt the angelical and human kind .
Here matter new to gaze the Devil met Undazzled ; far and wide his eye commands ; For sight no obstacle found here , nor shade , But all sun - shine , as when his beams at noon Culminate from the equator , as they now Shot upward still direct , whence no way round Shadow from body opaque can fall ; and the air , No where so clear , sharpened his visual ray To objects distant far , whereby he soon Saw within ken a glorious Angel stand , The same whom John saw also in the sun : His back was turned , but not his brightness hid ; Of beaming sunny rays a golden tiar Circled his head , nor less his locks behind Illustrious on his shoulders fledge with wings Lay waving round ; on some great charge employed He seemed , or fixed in cogitation deep .
So spake the false dissembler unperceived ; For neither Man nor Angel can discern Hypocrisy , the only evil that walks Invisible , except to God alone , By his permissive will , through Heaven and Earth : And oft , though wisdom wake , suspicion sleeps At wisdom ' s gate , and to simplicity Resigns her charge , while goodness thinks no ill Where no ill seems : Which now for once beguiled Uriel , though regent of the sun , and held The sharpest - sighted Spirit of all in Heaven ; Who to the fraudulent impostor foul , In his uprightness , answer thus returned .
Fair Angel , thy desire , which tends to know The works of God , thereby to glorify The great Work - master , leads to no excess That reaches blame , but rather merits praise The more it seems excess , that led thee hither From thy empyreal mansion thus alone , To witness with thine eyes what some perhaps , Contented with report , hear only in Heaven : For wonderful indeed are all his works , Pleasant to know , and worthiest to be all Had in remembrance always with delight ; But what created mind can comprehend Their number , or the wisdom infinite That brought them forth , but hid their causes deep ?
that now , While time was , our first parents had been warned The coming of their secret foe , and ' scaped , Haply so ' scaped his mortal snare : For now Satan , now first inflamed with rage , came down , The tempter ere the accuser of mankind , To wreak on innocent frail Man his loss Of that first battle , and his flight to Hell : Yet , not rejoicing in his speed , though bold Far off and fearless , nor with cause to boast , Begins his dire attempt ; which nigh the birth Now rolling boils in his tumultuous breast , And like a devilish engine back recoils Upon himself ; horrour and doubt distract His troubled thoughts , and from the bottom stir The Hell within him ; for within him Hell He brings , and round about him , nor from Hell One step , no more than from himself , can fly By change of place : Now conscience wakes despair , That slumbered ; wakes the bitter memory Of what he was , what is , and what must be Worse ; of worse deeds worse sufferings must ensue .
For never can true reconcilement grow , Where wounds of deadly hate have pierced so deep : Which would but lead me to a worse relapse And heavier fall : so should I purchase dear Short intermission bought with double smart .
Sole partner , and sole part , of all these joys , Dearer thyself than all ; needs must the Power That made us , and for us this ample world , Be infinitely good , and of his good As liberal and free as infinite ; That raised us from the dust , and placed us here In all this happiness , who at his hand Have nothing merited , nor can perform Aught whereof he hath need ; he who requires From us no other service than to keep This one , this easy charge , of all the trees In Paradise that bear delicious fruit So various , not to taste that only tree Of knowledge , planted by the tree of life ; So near grows death to life , whate ' er death is , Some dreadful thing no doubt ; for well thou knowest God hath pronounced it death to taste that tree , The only sign of our obedience left , Among so many signs of power and rule Conferred upon us , and dominion given Over all other creatures that possess Earth , air , and sea .
Can it be sin to know ?
Can it be death ?
hence I will excite their minds With more desire to know , and to reject Envious commands , invented with design To keep them low , whom knowledge might exalt Equal with Gods : aspiring to be such , They taste and die : What likelier can ensue But first with narrow search I must walk round This garden , and no corner leave unspied ; A chance but chance may lead where I may meet Some wandering Spirit of Heaven by fountain side , Or in thick shade retired , from him to draw What further would be learned .
Him thus intent Ithuriel with his spear Touched lightly ; for no falshood can endure Touch of celestial temper , but returns Of force to its own likeness : Up he starts Discovered and surprised .
Thy fear , said Zephon bold , Will save us trial what the least can do Single against thee wicked , and thence weak .
till the wrath , Which thou incurrest by flying , meet thy flight Sevenfold , and scourge that wisdom back to Hell , Which taught thee yet no better , that no pain Can equal anger infinite provoked .
Satan , I know thy strength , and thou knowest mine ; Neither our own , but given : What folly then To boast what arms can do ?
Best image of myself , and dearer half , The trouble of thy thoughts this night in sleep Affects me equally ; nor can I like This uncouth dream , of evil sprung , I fear ; Yet evil whence ?
in thee can harbour none , Created pure .
Speak , ye who best can tell , ye sons of light , Angels ; for ye behold him , and with songs And choral symphonies , day without night , Circle his throne rejoicing ; ye in Heaven On Earth join all ye Creatures to extol Him first , him last , him midst , and without end .
Native of Heaven , for other place None can than Heaven such glorious shape contain ; Since , by descending from the thrones above , Those happy places thou hast deigned a while To want , and honour these , vouchsafe with us Two only , who yet by sovran gift possess This spacious ground , in yonder shady bower To rest ; and what the garden choicest bears To sit and taste , till this meridian heat Be over , and the sun more cool decline .
So down they sat , And to their viands fell ; nor seemingly The Angel , nor in mist , the common gloss Of Theologians ; but with keen dispatch Of real hunger , and concoctive heat To transubstantiate : What redounds , transpires Through Spirits with ease ; nor wonder ; if by fire Of sooty coal the empirick alchemist Can turn , or holds it possible to turn , Metals of drossiest ore to perfect gold , As from the mine .
Mean while enjoy Your fill what happiness this happy state Can comprehend , incapable of more .
Can we want obedience then To him , or possibly his love desert , Who formed us from the dust and placed us here Full to the utmost measure of what bliss Human desires can seek or apprehend ?
God made thee perfect , not immutable ; And good he made thee , but to persevere He left it in thy power ; ordained thy will By nature free , not over - ruled by fate Inextricable , or strict necessity : Our voluntary service he requires , Not our necessitated ; such with him Finds no acceptance , nor can find ; for how Can hearts , not free , be tried whether they serve Willing or no , who will but what they must By destiny , and can no other choose ?
What sleep can close Thy eye - lids ?
Thou to me thy thoughts Wast wont , I mine to thee was wont to impart ; Both waking we were one ; how then can now Thy sleep dissent ?
Who can in reason then , or right , assume Monarchy over such as live by right His equals , if in power and splendour less , In freedom equal ?
or can introduce Law and edict on us , who without law Err not ?
Then who created thee lamenting learn , When who can uncreate thee thou shalt know .
to receive Thy merited reward , the first assay Of this right hand provoked , since first that tongue , Inspired with contradiction , durst oppose A third part of the Gods , in synod met Their deities to assert ; who , while they feel Vigour divine within them , can allow Omnipotence to none .
They ended parle , and both addressed for fight Unspeakable ; for who , though with the tongue Of Angels , can relate , or to what things Liken on earth conspicuous , that may lift Human imagination to such highth Of Godlike power ?
Yet soon he healed ; for Spirits that live throughout Vital in every part , not as frail man In entrails , heart of head , liver or reins , Cannot but by annihilating die ; Nor in their liquid texture mortal wound Receive , no more than can the fluid air : All heart they live , all head , all eye , all ear , All intellect , all sense ; and , as they please , They limb themselves , and colour , shape , or size Assume , as ? kikes them best , condense or rare .
Of evil then so small as easy think The remedy ; perhaps more valid arms , Weapons more violent , when next we meet , May serve to better us , and worse our foes , Or equal what between us made the odds , In nature none : If other hidden cause Left them superiour , while we can preserve Unhurt our minds , and understanding sound , Due search and consultation will disclose .
He , who therefore can invent With what more forcible we may offend Our yet unwounded enemies , or arm Ourselves with like defence , to me deserves No less than for deliverance what we owe .
two days are past , Two days , as we compute the days of Heaven , Since Michael and his Powers went forth to tame These disobedient : Sore hath been their fight , As likeliest was , when two such foes met armed ; For to themselves I left them ; and thou knowest , Equal in their creation they were formed , Save what sin hath impaired ; which yet hath wrought Insensibly , for I suspend their doom ; Whence in perpetual fight they needs must last Endless , and no solution will be found : War wearied hath performed what war can do , And to disordered rage let loose the reins With mountains , as with weapons , armed ; which makes Wild work in Heaven , and dangerous to the main .
Two days are therefore past , the third is thine ; For thee I have ordained it ; and thus far Have suffered , that the glory may be thine Of ending this great war , since none but Thou Can end it .
Scepter and power , thy giving , I assume , And gladlier shall resign , when in the end Thou shalt be all in all , and I in thee For ever ; and in me all whom thou lovest : But whom thou hatest , I hate , and can put on Thy terrours , as I put thy mildness on , Image of thee in all things ; and shall soon , Armed with thy might , rid Heaven of these rebelled ; To their prepared ill mansion driven down , To chains of darkness , and the undying worm ; That from thy just obedience could revolt , Whom to obey is happiness entire .
And the great light of day yet wants to run Much of his race though steep ; suspense in Heaven , Held by thy voice , thy potent voice , he hears , And longer will delay to hear thee tell His generation , and the rising birth Of Nature from the unapparent Deep : Or if the star of evening and the moon Haste to thy audience , Night with her will bring , Silence ; and Sleep , listening to thee , will watch ; Or we can bid his absence , till thy song End , and dismiss thee ere the morning shine .
This also thy request , with caution asked , Obtain ; though to recount almighty works What words or tongue of Seraph can suffice , Or heart of man suffice to comprehend ?
At least our envious Foe hath failed , who thought All like himself rebellious , by whose aid This inaccessible high strength , the seat Of Deity supreme , us dispossessed , He trusted to have seised , and into fraud Drew many , whom their place knows here no more : Yet far the greater part have kept , I see , Their station ; Heaven , yet populous , retains Number sufficient to possess her realms Though wide , and this high temple to frequent With ministeries due , and solemn rites : But , lest his heart exalt him in the harm Already done , to have dispeopled Heaven , My damage fondly deemed , I can repair That detriment , if such it be to lose Self - lost ; and in a moment will create Another world , out of one man a race Of men innumerable , there to dwell , Not here ; till , by degrees of merit raised , They open to themselves at length the way Up hither , under long obedience tried ; And Earth be changed to Heaven , and Heaven to Earth , One kingdom , joy and union without end .
Immediate are the acts of God , more swift Than time or motion , but to human ears Cannot without process of speech be told , So told as earthly notion can receive .
what thought can measure thee , or tongue Relate thee !
Who can impair thee , Mighty King , or bound Thy empire !
Something yet of doubt remains , Which only thy solution can resolve .
In solitude What happiness , who can enjoy alone , Or , all enjoying , what contentment find ?
Among unequals what society Can sort , what harmony , or true delight ?
Which must be mutual , in proportion due Given and received ; but , in disparity The one intense , the other still remiss , Cannot well suit with either , but soon prove Tedious alike : Of fellowship I speak Such as I seek , fit to participate All rational delight : wherein the brute Cannot be human consort : They rejoice Each with their kind , lion with lioness ; So fitly them in pairs thou hast combined : Much less can bird with beast , or fish with fowl So well converse , nor with the ox the ape ; Worse then can man with beast , and least of all .
But I can now no more ; the parting sun Beyond the Earth ' s green Cape and verdant Isles Hesperian sets , my signal to depart .
00482129 If answerable style I can obtain Of my celestial patroness , who deigns Her nightly visitation unimplor ' d , And dictates to me slumbering ; or inspires Easy my unpremeditated verse : Since first this subject for heroick song Pleas ' d me long choosing , and beginning late ; Not sedulous by nature to indite Wars , hitherto the only argument Heroick deem ' d chief mastery to dissect With long and tedious havock fabled knights In battles feign ' d ; the better fortitude Of patience and heroick martyrdom Unsung ; or to describe races and games , Or tilting furniture , imblazon ' d shields , Impresses quaint , caparisons and steeds , Bases and tinsel trappings , gorgeous knights At joust and tournament ; then marshall ' d feast Serv ' d up in hall with sewers and seneshals ; The skill of artifice or office mean , Not that which justly gives heroick name To person , or to poem .
Well hast thou motioned , well thy thoughts employed , How we might best fulfil the work which here God hath assigned us ; nor of me shalt pass Unpraised : for nothing lovelier can be found In woman , than to study houshold good , And good works in her husband to promote .
His violence thou fearest not , being such As we , not capable of death or pain , Can either not receive , or can repel .
His fraud is then thy fear ; which plain infers Thy equal fear , that my firm faith and love Can by his fraud be shaken or seduced ; Thoughts , which how found they harbour in thy breast , Adam , mis - thought of her to thee so dear ?
O Woman , best are all things as the will Of God ordained them : His creating hand Nothing imperfect or deficient left Of all that he created , much less Man , Or aught that might his happy state secure , Secure from outward force ; within himself The danger lies , yet lies within his power : Against his will he can receive no harm .
Wouldst thou approve thy constancy , approve First thy obedience ; the other who can know , Not seeing thee attempted , who attest ?
Empress , the way is ready , and not long ; Beyond a row of myrtles , on a flat , Fast by a fountain , one small thicket past Of blowing myrrh and balm : if thou accept My conduct , I can bring thee thither soon Lead then , said Eve .
So ye shall die perhaps , by putting off Human , to put on Gods ; death to be wished , Though threatened , which no worse than this can bring .
What can your knowledge hurt him , or this tree Impart against his will , if all be his ?
and can envy dwell In heavenly breasts ?
But strange Hath been the cause , and wonderful to hear : This tree is not , as we are told , a tree Of danger tasted , nor to evil unknown Opening the way , but of divine effect To open eyes , and make them Gods who taste ; And hath been tasted such : The serpent wise , Or not restrained as we , or not obeying , Hath eaten of the fruit ; and is become , Not dead , as we are threatened , but thenceforth Endued with human voice and human sense , Reasoning to admiration ; and with me Persuasively hath so prevailed , that I Have also tasted , and have also found The effects to correspond ; opener mine eyes , Dim erst , dilated spirits , ampler heart , And growing up to Godhead ; which for thee Chiefly I sought , without thee can despise .
O fairest of Creation , last and best Of all God ' s works , Creature in whom excelled Whatever can to sight or thought be formed , Holy , divine , good , amiable , or sweet !
Some cursed fraud Of enemy hath beguiled thee , yet unknown , And me with thee hath ruined ; for with thee Certain my resolution is to die : How can I live without thee !
But past who can recall , or done undo ?
Nor can I think that God , Creator wise , Though threatening , will in earnest so destroy Us his prime creatures , dignified so high , Set over all his works ; which in our fall , For us created , needs with us must fail , Dependant made ; so God shall uncreate , Be frustrate , do , undo , and labour lose ; Not well conceived of God , who , though his power Creation could repeat , yet would be loth Us to abolish , lest the Adversary Triumph , and say ; " Fickle their state whom God " Most favours ; who can please him long ?
Mean while the heinous and despiteful act Of Satan , done in Paradise ; and how He , in the serpent , had perverted Eve , Her husband she , to taste the fatal fruit , Was known in Heaven ; for what can ' scape the eye Of God all - seeing , or deceive his heart Omniscient ?
It cannot be But that success attends him ; if mishap , Ere this he had returned , with fury driven By his avengers ; since no place like this Can fit his punishment , or their revenge .
Thou , my shade Inseparable , must with me along ; For Death from Sin no power can separate .
Nor can I miss the way , so strongly drawn By this new - felt attraction and instinct .
He ended , and the heavenly audience loud Sung Halleluiah , as the sound of seas , Through multitude that sung : Just are thy ways , Righteous are thy decrees on all thy works ; Who can extenuate thee ?
for what can I encrease , Or multiply , but curses on my head ?
How can he exercise Wrath without end on Man , whom death must end ?
Can he make deathless death ?
But from me what can proceed , But all corrupt ; both mind and will depraved Not to do only , but to will the same With me ?
How can they then acquitted stand In sight of God ?
Adam , by sad experiment I know How little weight my words with thee can find , Found so erroneous ; thence by just event Found so unfortunate : Nevertheless , Restored by thee , vile as I am , to place Of new acceptance , hopeful to regain Thy love , the sole contentment of my heart Living or dying , from thee I will not hide What thoughts in my unquiet breast are risen , Tending to some relief of our extremes , Or end ; though sharp and sad , yet tolerable , As in our evils , and of easier choice .
What better can we do , than , to the place Repairing where he judged us , prostrate fall Before him reverent ; and there confess Humbly our faults , and pardon beg ; with tears Watering the ground , and with our sighs the air Frequenting , sent from hearts contrite , in sign Of sorrow unfeigned , and humiliation meek
But the field To labour calls us , now with sweat imposed , Though after sleepless night ; for see ! the morn , All unconcerned with our unrest , begins Her rosy progress smiling : let us forth ; I never from thy side henceforth to stray , Where ' er our day ' s work lies , though now enjoined Laborious , till day droop ; while here we dwell , What can be toilsome in these pleasant walks ?
gently hast thou told Thy message , which might else in telling wound , And in performing end us ; what besides Of sorrow , and dejection , and despair , Our frailty can sustain , thy tidings bring , Departure from this happy place , our sweet Recess , and only consolation left Familiar to our eyes !
all places else Inhospitable appear , and desolate ; Nor knowing us , nor known : And , if by prayer Incessant I could hope to change the will Of Him who all things can , I would not cease To weary him with my assiduous cries : But prayer against his absolute decree No more avails than breath against the wind , Blown stifling back on him that breathes it forth : Therefore to his great bidding I submit .
His eye might there command wherever stood City of old or modern fame , the seat Of mightiest empire , from the destined walls Of Cambalu , seat of Cathaian Can , And Samarchand by Oxus , Temir ' s throne , To Paquin of Sinaean kings ; and thence To Agra and Lahor of great Mogul , Down to the golden Chersonese ; or where The Persian in Ecbatan sat , or since In Hispahan ; or where the Russian Ksar In Mosco ; or the Sultan in Bizance , Turchestan - born ; nor could his eye not ken The empire of Negus to his utmost port Ercoco , and the less maritim kings Mombaza , and Quiloa , and Melind , And Sofala , thought Ophir , to the realm Of Congo , and Angola farthest south ; Or thence from Niger flood to Atlas mount The kingdoms of Almansor , Fez and Sus , Morocco , and Algiers , and Tremisen ; On Europe thence , and where Rome was to sway The world : in spirit perhaps he also saw Rich Mexico , the seat of Montezume , And Cusco in Peru , the richer seat Of Atabalipa ; and yet unspoiled Guiana , whose great city Geryon ' s sons Call El Dorado .
Can thus The image of God in Man , created once So goodly and erect , though faulty since , To such unsightly sufferings be debased Under inhuman pains ?
Let no man seek Henceforth to be foretold , what shall befall Him or his children ; evil he may be sure , Which neither his foreknowing can prevent ; And he the future evil shall no less In apprehension than in substance feel , Grievous to bear : but that care now is past , Man is not whom to warn : those few escaped Famine and anguish will at last consume , Wandering that watery desart : I had hope , When violence was ceased , and war on earth , All would have then gone well ; peace would have crowned With length of happy days the race of Man ; But I was far deceived ; for now I see Peace to corrupt no less than war to waste .
The conquered also , and enslaved by war , Shall , with their freedom lost , all virtue lose And fear of God ; from whom their piety feigned In sharp contest of battle found no aid Against invaders ; therefore , cooled in zeal , Thenceforth shall practice how to live secure , Worldly or dissolute , on what their lords Shall leave them to enjoy ; for the earth shall bear More than enough , that temperance may be tried : So all shall turn degenerate , all depraved ; Justice and temperance , truth and faith , forgot ; One man except , the only son of light In a dark age , against example good , Against allurement , custom , and a world Offended : fearless of reproach and scorn , The grand - child , with twelve sons encreased , departs From Canaan , to a land hereafter called Egypt , divided by the river Nile ; See where it flows , disgorging at seven mouths Into the sea : To sojourn in that land He comes , invited by a younger son In time of dearth ; a son , whose worthy deeds Raise him to be the second in that realm Of Pharaoh : There he dies , and leaves his race Growing into a nation , and now grown Suspected to a sequent king , who seeks To stop their overgrowth , as inmate guests Or violence , he of their wicked ways Shall them admonish ; and before them set The paths of righteousness , how much more safe And full of peace ; denouncing wrath to come On their impenitence ; and shall return Of them derided , but of God observed The one just man alive ; by his command Shall build a wonderous ark , as thou beheldst , To save himself , and houshold , from amidst A world devote to universal wrack .
Canaan he now attains ; I see his tents Pitched about Sechem , and the neighbouring plain Of Moreh ; there by promise he receives Gift to his progeny of all that land , From Hameth northward to the Desart south ; ( Things by their names I call , though yet unnamed ;) From Hermon east to the great western Sea ; Mount Hermon , yonder sea ; each place behold In prospect , as I point them ; on the shore Mount Carmel ; here , the double - founted stream , Jordan , true limit eastward ; but his sons Shall dwell to Senir , that long ridge of hills .
This patriarch blest , Whom faithful Abraham due time shall call , A son , and of his son a grand - child , leaves ; Like him in faith , in wisdom , and renown : The grandchild , with twelve sons increased , departs From Canaan to a land hereafter called Egypt , divided by the river Nile See where it flows , disgorging at seven mouths Into the sea .
Thus with ten wounds The river - dragon tamed at length submits To let his sojourners depart , and oft Humbles his stubborn heart ; but still , as ice More hardened after thaw ; till , in his rage Pursuing whom he late dismissed , the sea Swallows him with his host ; but them lets pass , As on dry land , between two crystal walls ; Awed by the rod of Moses so to stand Divided , till his rescued gain their shore : Such wondrous power God to his saint will lend , Though present in his Angel ; who shall go Before them in a cloud , and pillar of fire ; By day a cloud , by night a pillar of fire ; To guide them in their journey , and remove Behind them , while the obdurate king pursues : All night he will pursue ; but his approach Darkness defends between till morning watch ; Then through the fiery pillar , and the cloud , God looking forth will trouble all his host , And craze their chariot - wheels : when by command Moses once more his potent rod extends Over the sea ; the sea his rod obeys ; On their embattled ranks the waves return , And overwhelm their war : The race elect Safe toward Canaan from the shore advance Through the wild Desart , not the readiest way ; Lest , entering on the Canaanite alarmed , War terrify them inexpert , and fear Return them back to Egypt , choosing rather Inglorious life with servitude ; for life To noble and ignoble is more sweet Untrained in arms , where rashness leads not on .
so call the third From Abraham , son of Isaac ; and from him His whole descent , who thus shall Canaan win .
This yet I apprehend not , why to those Among whom God will deign to dwell on earth So many and so various laws are given ; So many laws argue so many sins Among them ; how can God with such reside ?
Doubt not but that sin Will reign among them , as of thee begot ; And therefore was law given them , to evince Their natural pravity , by stirring up Sin against law to fight : that when they see Law can discover sin , but not remove , Save by those shadowy expiations weak , The blood of bulls and goats , they may conclude Some blood more precious must be paid for Man ; Just for unjust ; that , in such righteousness To them by faith imputed , they may find Justification towards God , and peace Of conscience ; which the law by ceremonies Cannot appease ; nor Man the mortal part Perform ; and , not performing , cannot live .
And therefore shall not Moses , though of God Highly beloved , being but the minister Of law , his people into Canaan lead ; But Joshua , whom the Gentiles Jesus call , His name and office bearing , who shall quell The adversary - Serpent , and bring back Through the world ' s wilderness long - wandered Man Safe to eternal Paradise of rest .
Mean while they , in their earthly Canaan placed , Long time shall dwell and prosper , but when sins National interrupt their publick peace , Provoking God to raise them enemies ; From whom as oft he saves them penitent By Judges first , then under Kings ; of whom The second , both for piety renowned And puissant deeds , a promise shall receive Irrevocable , that his regal throne For ever shall endure ; the like shall sing All Prophecy , that of the royal stock Of David ( so I name this king ) shall rise A Son , the Woman ' s seed to thee foretold , Foretold to Abraham , as in whom shall trust All nations ; and to kings foretold , of kings The last ; for of his reign shall be no end .
Dream not of their fight , As of a duel , or the local wounds Of head or heel : Not therefore joins the Son Manhood to Godhead , with more strength to foil Thy enemy ; nor so is overcome Satan , whose fall from Heaven , a deadlier bruise , Disabled , not to give thee thy death ' s wound : Which he , who comes thy Saviour , shall recure , Not by destroying Satan , but his works In thee , and in thy seed : Nor can this be , But by fulfilling that which thou didst want , Obedience to the law of God , imposed On penalty of death , and suffering death ; The penalty to thy transgression due , And due to theirs which out of thine will grow : So only can high Justice rest appaid .
Be sure they will , said the Angel ; but from Heaven He to his own a Comforter will send , The promise of the Father , who shall dwell His Spirit within them ; and the law of faith , Working through love , upon their hearts shall write , To guide them in all truth ; and also arm With spiritual armour , able to resist Satan ' s assaults , and quench his fiery darts ; What man can do against them , not afraid , Though to the death ; against such cruelties With inward consolations recompensed , And oft supported so as shall amaze Their proudest persecutors : For the Spirit , Poured first on his Apostles , whom he sends To evangelize the nations , then on all Baptized , shall them with wonderous gifts endue To speak all tongues , and do all miracles , As did their Lord before them .
for , on earth , Who against faith and conscience can be heard Infallible ?
Beyond is all abyss , Eternity , whose end no eye can reach .
Greatly - instructed I shall hence depart ; Greatly in peace of thought ; and have my fill Of knowledge , what this vessel can contain ; Beyond which was my folly to aspire .
Nay I beseech you Sir , be not out with me : yet if you be out Sir , I can mend you
Tell me good Brutus , Can you see your face ?
I was borne free as Caesar , so were you , We both haue fed as well , and we can both Endure the Winters cold , as well as hee .
I can as well bee hang ' d as tell the manner of it : It was meere Foolerie , I did not marke it .
Nor Stonie Tower , nor Walls of beaten Brasse , Nor ayre - lesse Dungeon , nor strong Linkes of Iron , Can be retentiue to the strength of spirit : But Life being wearie of these worldly Barres , Neuer lacks power to dismisse it selfe .
If I know this , know all the World besides , That part of Tyrannie that I doe beare , I can shake off at pleasure .
So can I : So euery Bond - man in his owne hand beares The power to cancell his Captiuitie
And for Marke Antony , thinke not of him : For he can do no more then Caesars Arme , When Caesars head is off
Alas , good Cassius , do not thinke of him : If he loue Caesar , all that he can do Is to himselfe ; take thought , and dye for Caesar , And that were much he should : for he is giuen To sports , to wildenesse , and much company
Neuer feare that : If he be so resolu ' d , I can ore - sway him : For he loues to heare , That Vnicornes may be betray ' d with Trees , And Beares with Glasses , Elephants with Holes , Lyons with Toyles , and men with Flatterers .
Let me worke : For I can giue his humour the true bent ; And I will bring him to the Capitoll
Tell me your Counsels , I will not disclose ' em : I haue made strong proofe of my Constancie , Giuing my selfe a voluntary wound Heere , in the Thigh : Can I beare that with patience , And not my Husbands Secrets ?
Caes What can be auoyded Whose end is purpos ' d by the mighty Gods ?
I haue , when you haue heard what I can say : And know it now , the Senate haue concluded To giue this day , a Crowne to mighty Caesar .
I would haue had thee there and heere agen Ere I can tell thee what thou should ' st do there : O Constancie , be strong vpon my side , Set a huge Mountaine ' tweene my Heart and Tongue : I haue a mans minde , but a womans might : How hard it is for women to keepe counsell .
Mark Antony , heere take you Caesars body : You shall not in your Funerall speech blame vs , But speake all good you can deuise of Caesar , And say you doo ' t by our permission : Else shall you not haue any hand at all About his Funerall .
2 Peace , let vs heare what Antony can say
I did send to you For certaine summes of Gold , which you deny ' d me , For I can raise no money by vile meanes : By Heauen , I had rather Coine my Heart , And drop my blood for Drachmaes , then to wring From the hard hands of Peazants , their vile trash By any indirection .
Free from the Bondage you are in Messala , The Conquerors can but make a fire of him : For Brutus onely ouercame himselfe , And no man else hath Honor by his death
Good now sit downe , & tell me he that knowes Why this same strict and most obseruant Watch , So nightly toyles the subiect of the Land , And why such dayly Cast of Brazon Cannon And Forraigne Mart for Implements of warre : Why such impresse of Ship - wrights , whose sore Taske Do ' s not diuide the Sunday from the weeke , What might be toward , that this sweaty hast Doth make the Night ioynt - Labourer with the day : Who is ' t that can informe me ?
That can I , At least the whisper goes so : Our last King , Whose Image euen but now appear ' d to vs , Was ( as you know ) by Fortinbras of Norway , ( Thereto prick ' d on by a most emulate Pride ) Dar ' d to the Combate .
Some sayes , that euer ' gainst that Season comes Wherein our Sauiours Birch is celebrated , The Bird of Dawning singeth all night long : And then ( they say ) no Spirit can walke abroad , The nights are wholsome , then no Planets strike , No Faiery talkes , nor Witch hath power to Charme : So hallow ' d , and so gracious is the time
Nay , it is : I know not Seemes : ' Tis not alone my Inky Cloake ( good Mother ) Nor Customary suites of solemne Blacke , Nor windy suspiration of forc ' d breath , No , nor the fruitfull Riuer in the Eye , Nor the deiected hauiour of the Visage , Together with all Formes , Moods , shewes of Griefe , That can denote me truly .
The chariest Maid is Prodigall enough , If she vnmaske her beauty to the Moone : Vertue it selfe scapes not calumnious stroakes , The Canker Galls , the Infants of the Spring Too oft before the buttons be disclos ' d , And in the Morne and liquid dew of Youth , Contagious blastments are most imminent .
Giue euery man thine eare ; but few thy voyce : Take each mans censure ; but reserue thy iudgement : Costly thy habit as thy purse can buy ; But not exprest in fancie ; rich , not gawdie : For the Apparell oft proclaimes the man .
I doe not set my life at a pins fee ; And for my Soule , what can it doe to that ?
Well said old Mole , can ' st worke i ' th ' ground so fast ?
Will they pursue the Quality no longer then they can sing ?
Then can each Actor on his Asse - Polon .
Dost thou heare me old Friend , can you play the murther of Gonzago ?
Yet I , A dull and muddy - metled Rascall , peake Like Iohn a - dreames , vnpregnant of my cause , And can say nothing : No , not for a King , Vpon whose property , and most deere life , A damn ' d defeate was made .
And can you by no drift of circumstance Get from him why he puts on this Confusion : Grating so harshly all his dayes of quiet With turbulent and dangerous Lunacy
I trulie : for the power of Beautie , will sooner transforme Honestie from what is , to a Bawd , then the force of Honestie can translate Beautie into his likenesse .
But sir , such answers as I can make , you shal command : or rather you say , my Mother : therfore no more but to the matter .
Oh wonderfull Sonne , that can so astonish a Mother .
How can that be , when you haue the voyce of the King himselfe , for your Succession in Denmarke ?
Call me what Instrument you will , though you can fret me , you cannot play vpon me .
Pray can I not , Though inclination be as sharpe as will : My stronger guilt , defeats my strong intent , And like a man to double businesse bound , I stand in pause where I shall first begin , And both neglect ; what if this cursed hand Were thicker then it selfe with Brothers blood , Is there not Raine enough in the sweet Heauens To wash it white as Snow ?
But oh , what forme of Prayer Can serue my turne ?
Try what Repentance can .
What can it not ?
Yet what can it , when one cannot repent ?
Nay , then Ile set those to you that can speake
That I can keepe your counsell , and not mine owne .
Let him go Gertrude : Do not feare our person : There ' s such Diuinity doth hedge a King , That Treason can but peepe to what it would , Acts little of his will .
Breake not your sleepes for that , You must not thinke That we are made of stuffe , so flat , and dull , That we can let our Beard be shooke with danger , And thinke it pastime .
' Tis Hamlets Character , naked and in a Postscript here he sayes alone : Can you aduise me ?
And for that purpose Ile annoint my Sword : I bought an Vnction of a Mountebanke So mortall , I but dipt a knife in it , Where it drawes blood , no Cataplasme so rare , Collected from all Simples that haue Vertue Vnder the Moone , can saue the thing from death , That is but scratcht withall : Ile touch my point , With this contagion , that if I gall him slightly , It may be death
How can that be , vnlesse she drowned her selfe in her owne defence ?
Marry , now I can tell
euery foole can tell that : It was the very day , that young Hamlet was borne , hee that was mad , and sent into England
And is ' t not to be damn ' d To let this Canker of our nature come In further euill
Sir , I will walke heere in the Hall ; if it please his Maiestie , ' tis the breathing time of day with me ; let the Foyles bee brought , the Gentleman willing , and the King hold his purpose ; I will win for him if I can : if not , Ile gaine nothing but my shame , and the odde hits
Hamlet , thou art slaine , No Medicine in the world can do thee good .
Loe , heere I lye , Neuer to rise againe : Thy Mothers poyson ' d : I can no more , the King , the King ' s too blame
All this can I Truly deliuer
he can report , As seemeth by his plight , of the Reuolt The newest state
Speake if you can : what are you ?
If you can looke into the Seedes of Time , And say , which Graine will grow , and which will not , Speake then to me , who neyther begge , nor feare Your fauors , nor your hate
The King hath happily receiu ' d , Macbeth , The newes of thy successe : and when he reades Thy personall Venture in the Rebels sight , His Wonders and his Prayses doe contend , Which should be thine , or his : silenc ' d with that , In viewing o ' re the rest o ' th ' selfe - same day , He findes thee in the stout Norweyan Rankes , Nothing afeard of what thy selfe didst make Strange Images of death , as thick as Tale Can post with post , and euery one did beare Thy prayses in his Kingdomes great defence , And powr ' d them downe before him
What , can the Deuill speake true ?
Would thou hadst lesse deseru ' d , That the proportion both of thanks , and payment , Might haue beene mine : onely I haue left to say , More is thy due , then more then all can pay
I thinke not of them : Yet when we can entreat an houre to serue , We would spend it in some words vpon that Businesse , If you would graunt the time
O gentle Lady , ' Tis not for you to heare what I can speake : The repetition in a Womans eare , Would murther as it fell .
Who can be wise , amaz ' d , temp ' rate , & furious , Loyall , and Neutrall , in a moment ?
Threescore and ten I can remember well , Within the Volume of which Time , I haue seene Houres dreadfull , and things strange : but this sore Night Hath trifled former knowings
Doe you finde your patience so predominant , In your nature , that you can let this goe ?
Duncane is in his Graue : After Lifes fitfull Feuer , he sleepes well , Treason ha ' s done his worst : nor Steele , nor Poyson , Mallice domestique , forraine Leuie , nothing , Can touch him further
Can such things be , And ouercome vs like a Summers Clowd , Without our speciall wonder ?
You make me strange Euen to the disposition that I owe , When now I thinke you can behold such sights , And keepe the naturall Rubie of your Cheekes , When mine is blanch ' d with feare
My former Speeches , Haue but hit your Thoughts Which can interpret farther : Onely I say Things haue bin strangely borne .
Sir , can you tell Where he bestowes himselfe ?
And that well might Aduise him to a Caution , t ' hold what distance His wisedome can prouide .
That will neuer bee : Who can impresse the Forrest , bid the Tree Vnfixe his earth - bound Root ?
Yet my Hart Throbs to know one thing : Tell me , if your Art Can tell so much : Shall Banquo ' s issue euer Reigne in this Kingdome ?
Why I can buy me twenty at any Market
What I beleeue , Ile waile ; What know , beleeue ; and what I can redresse , As I shall finde the time to friend : I wil .
Not in the Legions Of horrid Hell , can come a Diuell more damn ' d In euils , to top Macbeth
I haue too Nights watch ' d with you , but can perceiue no truth in your report .
who knowes it , when none can call our powre to accompt : yet who would haue thought the olde man to haue had so much blood in him
Cure of that : Can ' st thou not Minister to a minde diseas ' d , Plucke from the Memory a rooted Sorrow , Raze out the written troubles of the Braine , And with some sweet Obliuious Antidote Cleanse the stufft bosome , of that perillous stuffe Which weighes vpon the heart ?
I haue no words , My voice is in my Sword , thou bloodier Villaine Then tearmes can giue thee out .
} To a Certain Cantatrice
5 Dead poets , philosophs , priests , Martyrs , artists , inventors , governments long since , Language - shapers on other shores , Nations once powerful , now reduced , withdrawn , or desolate , I dare not proceed till I respectfully credit what you have left wafted hither , I have perused it , own it is admirable , ( moving awhile among it ,) Think nothing can ever be greater , nothing can ever deserve more than it deserves , Regarding it all intently a long while , then dismissing it , I stand in my place with my own day here .
do you concentrate in me , for I am determin ' d to tell you with courageous clear voice to prove you illustrious , And I will show that there is no imperfection in the present , and can be none in the future , And I will show that whatever happens to anybody it may be turn ' d to beautiful results , And I will show that nothing can happen more beautiful than death , And I will thread a thread through my poems that time and events are compact , And that all the things of the universe are perfect miracles , each as profound as any .
All hold spiritual joys and afterwards loosen them ; How can the real body ever die and be buried ?
No dainty dolce affettuoso I , Bearded , sun - burnt , gray - neck ' d , forbidding , I have arrived , To be wrestled with as I pass for the solid prizes of the universe , For such I afford whoever can persevere to win them .
The press of my foot to the earth springs a hundred affections , They scorn the best I can do to relate them .
I am enamour ' d of growing out - doors , Of men that live among cattle or taste of the ocean or woods , Of the builders and steerers of ships and the wielders of axes and mauls , and the drivers of horses , I can eat and sleep with them week in and week out .
One world is aware and by far the largest to me , and that is myself , And whether I come to my own to - day or in ten thousand or ten million years , I can cheerfully take it now , or with equal cheerfulness I can wait .
I resign myself to you also -- I guess what you mean , I behold from the beach your crooked fingers , I believe you refuse to go back without feeling of me , We must have a turn together , I undress , hurry me out of sight of the land , Cushion me soft , rock me in billowy drowse , Dash me with amorous wet , I can repay you .
What behaved well in the past or behaves well to - day is not such wonder , The wonder is always and always how there can be a mean man or an infidel .
I merely stir , press , feel with my fingers , and am happy , To touch my person to some one else ' s is about as much as I can stand .
I help myself to material and immaterial , No guard can shut me off , no law prevent me .
Only three guns are in use , One is directed by the captain himself against the enemy ' s main - mast , Two well serv ' d with grape and canister silence his musketry and clear his decks .
36 Stretch ' d and still lies the midnight , Two great hulls motionless on the breast of the darkness , Our vessel riddled and slowly sinking , preparations to pass to the one we have conquer ' d , The captain on the quarter - deck coldly giving his orders through a countenance white as a sheet , Near by the corpse of the child that serv ' d in the cabin , The dead face of an old salt with long white hair and carefully curl ' d whiskers , The flames spite of all that can be done flickering aloft and below , The husky voices of the two or three officers yet fit for duty , Formless stacks of bodies and bodies by themselves , dabs of flesh upon the masts and spars , Cut of cordage , dangle of rigging , slight shock of the soothe of waves , Black and impassive guns , litter of powder - parcels , strong scent , A few large stars overhead , silent and mournful shining , Delicate sniffs of sea - breeze , smells of sedgy grass and fields by the shore , death - messages given in charge to survivors , The hiss of the surgeon ' s knife , the gnawing teeth of his saw , Wheeze , cluck , swash of falling blood , short wild scream , and long , dull , tapering groan , These so , these irretrievable .
I do not ask who you are , that is not important to me , You can do nothing and be nothing but what I will infold you .
Each who passes is consider ' d , each who stops is consider ' d , not single one can it fall .
I open my scuttle at night and see the far - sprinkled systems , And all I see multiplied as high as I can cipher edge but the rim of the farther systems .
There is no stoppage and never can be stoppage , If I , you , and the worlds , and all beneath or upon their surfaces , were this moment reduced back to a pallid float , it would not avail the long run , We should surely bring up again where we now stand , And surely go as much farther , and then farther and farther .
Not I , not any one else can travel that road for you , You must travel it for yourself .
I teach straying from me , yet who can stray from me ?
No shutter ' d room or school can commune with me , But roughs and little children better than they .
And I say to mankind , Be not curious about God , For I who am curious about each am not curious about God , ( No array of terms can say how much I am at peace about God and about death .)
I hear and behold God in every object , yet understand God not in the least , Nor do I understand who there can be more wonderful than myself .
I hear you whispering there O stars of heaven , O suns -- O grass of graves -- O perpetual transfers and promotions , If you do not say any thing how can I say any thing ?
Spontaneous me , Nature , The loving day , the mounting sun , the friend I am happy with , The arm of my friend hanging idly over my shoulder , The hillside whiten ' d with blossoms of the mountain ash , The same late in autumn , the hues of red , yellow , drab , purple , and light and dark green , The rich coverlet of the grass , animals and birds , the private untrimm ' d bank , the primitive apples , the pebble - stones , Beautiful dripping fragments , the negligent list of one after another as I happen to call them to me or think of them , The real poems , ( what we call poems being merely pictures ,) The poems of the privacy of the night , and of men like me , This poem drooping shy and unseen that I always carry , and that all men carry , ( Know once for all , avow ' d on purpose , wherever are men like me , are our lusty lurking masculine poems ,) Love - thoughts , love - juice , love - odor , love - yielding , love - climbers , and the climbing sap , Arms and hands of love , lips of love , phallic thumb of love , breasts of love , bellies press ' d and glued together with love , Earth of chaste love , life that is only life after love , The body of my love , the body of the woman I love , the body of the man , the body of the earth , Soft forenoon airs that blow from the south - west , The hairy wild - bee that murmurs and hankers up and down , that gripes the full - grown lady - flower , curves upon her with amorous firm legs , takes his will of her , and holds himself tremulous and tight till he is satisfied ; The wet of woods through the early hours , Two sleepers at night lying close together as they sleep , one with an arm slanting down across and below the waist of the other , The smell of apples , aromas from crush ' d sage - plant , mint , birch - bark , The boy ' s longings , the glow and pressure as he confides to me what he was dreaming , The dead leaf whirling its spiral whirl and falling still and content to the ground , The no - form ' d stings that sights , people , objects , sting me with , The hubb ' d sting of myself , stinging me as much as it ever can any one , The sensitive , orbic , underlapp ' d brothers , that only privileged feelers may be intimate where they are , The curious roamer the hand roaming all over the body , the bashful withdrawing of flesh where the fingers soothingly pause and edge themselves , The limpid liquid within the young man , The vex ' d corrosion so pensive and so painful , The torment , the irritable tide that will not be at rest , The like of the same I feel , the like of the same in others , The young man that flushes and flushes , and the young woman that flushes and flushes , The young man that wakes deep at night , the hot hand seeking to repress what would master him , The mystic amorous night , the strange half - welcome pangs , visions , sweats , The pulse pounding through palms and trembling encircling fingers , the young man all color ' d , red , ashamed , angry ; The souse upon me of my lover the sea , as I lie willing and naked , The merriment of the twin babes that crawl over the grass in the sun , the mother never turning her vigilant eyes from them , The walnut - trunk , the walnut - husks , and the ripening or ripen ' d long - round walnuts , The continence of vegetables , birds , animals , The consequent meanness of me should I skulk or find myself indecent , while birds and animals never once skulk or find themselves indecent , The great chastity of paternity , to match the great chastity of maternity , The oath of procreation I have sworn , my Adamic and fresh daughters , The greed that eats me day and night with hungry gnaw , till I saturate what shall produce boys to fill my place when I am through , The wholesome relief , repose , content , And this bunch pluck ' d at random from myself , It has done its work -- I toss it carelessly to fall where it may .
Why can you not continue ?
In paths untrodden , In the growth by margins of pond - waters , Escaped from the lite that exhibits itself , From all the standards hitherto publish ' d , from the pleasures , profits , conformities , Which too long I was offering to feed my soul , Clear to me now standards not yet publish ' d , clear to me that my soul , That the soul of the man I speak for rejoices in comrades , Here by myself away from the clank of the world , Tallying and talk ' d to here by tongues aromatic , No longer abash ' d , ( for in this secluded spot I can respond as I would not dare elsewhere ,) Strong upon me the life that does not exhibit itself , yet contains all the rest , Resolv ' d to sing no songs to - day but those of manly attachment , Projecting them along that substantial life , Bequeathing hence types of athletic love , Afternoon this delicious Ninth - month in my forty - first year , I proceed for all who are or have been young men , To tell the secret my nights and days , To celebrate the need of comrades .
I permit you to tell in your own way of the heart that is under you , O I do not know what you mean there underneath yourselves , you are not happiness , You are often more bitter than I can bear , you burn and sting me , Yet you are beautiful to me you faint tinged roots , you make me think of death , Death is beautiful from you , ( what indeed is finally beautiful except death and love ?)
This moment yearning and thoughtful sitting alone , It seems to me there are other men in other lands yearning and thoughtful , It seems to me I can look over and behold them in Germany , Italy , France , Spain , Or far , far away , in China , or in Russia or talking other dialects , And it seems to me if I could know those men I should become attached to them as I do to men in my own lands , O I know we should be brethren and lovers , I know I should be happy with them .
more resistless than I can tell , the thought of you !
Here the profound lesson of reception , nor preference nor denial , The black with his woolly head , the felon , the diseas ' d , the illiterate person , are not denied ; The birth , the hasting after the physician , the beggar ' s tramp , the drunkard ' s stagger , the laughing party of mechanics , The escaped youth , the rich person ' s carriage , the fop , the eloping couple , The early market - man , the hearse , the moving of furniture into the town , the return back from the town , They pass , I also pass , any thing passes , none can be interdicted , None but are accepted , none but shall be dear to me .
O public road , I say back I am not afraid to leave you , yet I love you , You express me better than I can express myself , You shall be more to me than my poem .
All seems beautiful to me , can repeat over to men and women You have done such good to me I would do the same to you , I will recruit for myself and you as I go , I will scatter myself among men and women as I go , I will toss a new gladness and roughness among them , Whoever denies me it shall not trouble me , Whoever accepts me he or she shall be blessed and shall bless me .
The earth never tires , The earth is rude , silent , incomprehensible at first , Nature is rude and incomprehensible at first , Be not discouraged , keep on , there are divine things well envelop ' d , I swear to you there are divine things more beautiful than words can tell .
8 Ah , what can ever be more stately and admirable to me than mast - hemm ' d Manhattan ?
What gods can exceed these that clasp me by the hand , and with voices I love call me promptly and loudly by my nighest name as approach ?
He is the Answerer , What can be answer ' d he answers , and what cannot be answer ' d he shows how it cannot be answer ' d .
all so dear to me -- what you are , ( whatever it is ,) I putting it at random in these songs , become a part of that , whatever it is , Southward there , I screaming , with wings slow flapping , with the myriads of gulls wintering along the coasts of Florida , Otherways there atwixt the banks of the Arkansaw , the Rio Grande , the Nueces , the Brazos , the Tombigbee , the Red River , the Saskatchawan or the Osage , I with the spring waters laughing and skipping and running , Northward , on the sands , on some shallow bay of Paumanok , I with parties of snowy herons wading in the wet to seek worms and aquatic plants , Retreating , triumphantly twittering , the king - bird , from piercing the crow with its bill , for amusement -- and I triumphantly twittering , The migrating flock of wild geese alighting in autumn to refresh themselves , the body of the flock feed , the sentinels outside move around with erect heads watching , and are from time to time reliev ' d by other sentinels -- and I feeding and taking turns with the rest , In Kanadian forests the moose , large as an ox , corner ' d by hunters , rising desperately on his hind - feet , and plunging with his fore - feet , the hoofs as sharp as knives -- and I , plunging at the hunters , corner ' d and desperate , In the Mannahatta , streets , piers , shipping , store - houses , and the countless workmen working in the shops , And I too of the Mannahatta , singing thereof -- and no less in myself than the whole of the Mannahatta in itself , Singing the song of These , my ever - united lands -- my body no more inevitably united , part to part , and made out of a thousand diverse contributions one identity , any more than my lands are inevitably united and made ONE IDENTITY ; Nativities , climates , the grass of the great pastoral Plains , Cities , labors , death , animals , products , war , good and evil -- these me , These affording , in all their particulars , the old feuillage to me and to America , how can I do less than pass the clew of the union of them , to afford the like to you ?
how can I but offer you divine leaves , that you also be eligible as I am ?
How can I but as here chanting , invite you for yourself to collect bouquets of the incomparable feuillage of these States ?
To be entirely alone with them , to find how much one can stand !
what can it do now ?
can I believe then , Those ancient temples , sculptures classic , could none of them retain her ?
Yes , if you will allow me to say so , I , my friends , if you do not , can plainly see her , The same undying soul of earth ' s , activity ' s , beauty ' s , heroism ' s expression , Out from her evolutions hither come , ended the strata of her former themes , Hidden and cover ' d by to - day ' s , foundation of to - day ' s , Ended , deceas ' d through time , her voice by Castaly ' s fountain , Silent the broken - lipp ' d Sphynx in Egypt , silent all those century - baffling tombs , Ended for aye the epics of Asia ' s , Europe ' s helmeted warriors , ended the primitive call of the muses , Calliope ' s call forever closed , Clio , Melpomene , Thalia dead , Ended the stately rhythmus of Una and Oriana , ended the quest of the holy Graal , Jerusalem a handful of ashes blown by the wind , extinct , The Crusaders ' streams of shadowy midnight troops sped with the sunrise , Amadis , Tancred , utterly gone , Charlemagne , Roland , Oliver gone , Palmerin , ogre , departed , vanish ' d the turrets that Usk from its waters reflected , Arthur vanish ' d with all his knights , Merlin and Lancelot and Galahad , all gone , dissolv ' d utterly like an exhalation ; Pass ' d !
Can each see signs of the best by a look in the looking - glass ?
When the script preaches instead of the preacher , When the pulpit descends and goes instead of the carver that carved the supporting desk , When I can touch the body of books by night or by day , and when they touch my body back again , When a university course convinces like a slumbering woman and child convince , When the minted gold in the vault smiles like the night - watchman ' s daughter , When warrantee deeds loafe in chairs opposite and are my friendly companions , I intend to reach them my hand , and make as much of them as I do of men and women like you .
Each man to himself and each woman to herself , is the word of the past and present , and the true word of immortality ; No one can acquire for another -- not one , Not one can grow for another -- not one .
I swear there is no greatness or power that does not emulate those of the earth , There can be no theory of any account unless it corroborate the theory of the earth , No politics , song , religion , behavior , or what not , is of account , unless it compare with the amplitude of the earth , Unless it face the exactness , vitality , impartiality , rectitude of the earth .
Here too the blaze , the grape - shot and the axe , in reserve , to fetch them out in case of need , Here too , though long represt , can never be destroy ' d , Here too could rise at last murdering and ecstatic , Here too demanding full arrears of vengeance .
See my cantabile !
I perceive I have not really understood any thing , not a single object , and that no man ever can , Nature here in sight of the sea taking advantage of me to dart upon me and sting me , Because I have dared to open my mouth to sing at all .
1 To - day a rude brief recitative , Of ships sailing the seas , each with its special flag or ship - signal , Of unnamed heroes in the ships -- of waves spreading and spreading far as the eye can reach , Of dashing spray , and the winds piping and blowing , And out of these a chant for the sailors of all nations , Fitful , like a surge .
Of sea - captains young or old , and the mates , and of all intrepid sailors , Of the few , very choice , taciturn , whom fate can never surprise nor death dismay .
Worse and worse -- can ' t you stand it ?
Not a disembodied spirit can the weapons of tyrants let loose , But it stalks invisibly over the earth , whispering , counseling , cautioning .
Outside fair costume , within ashes and filth , No more a flashing eye , no more a sonorous voice or springy step , Now some slave ' s eye , voice , hands , step , A drunkard ' s breath , unwholesome eater ' s face , venerealee ' s flesh , Lungs rotting away piecemeal , stomach sour and cankerous , Joints rheumatic , bowels clogged with abomination , Blood circulating dark and poisonous streams , Words babble , hearing and touch callous , No brain , no heart left , no magnetism of sex ; Such from one look in this looking - glass ere you go hence , Such a result so soon -- and from such a beginning !
Give me your hand old Revolutionary , The hill - top is nigh , but a few steps , ( make room gentlemen ,) Up the path you have follow ' d me well , spite of your hundred and extra years , You can walk old man , though your eyes are almost done , Your faculties serve you , and presently I must have them serve me .
Fast as she can she hurries , something ominous , her steps trembling , She does not tarry to smooth her hair nor adjust her cap .
1 Give me the splendid silent sun with all his beams full - dazzling , Give me autumnal fruit ripe and red from the orchard , Give me a field where the unmow ' d grass grows , Give me an arbor , give me the trellis ' d grape , Give me fresh corn and wheat , give me serene - moving animals teaching content , Give me nights perfectly quiet as on high plateaus west of the Mississippi , and I looking up at the stars , Give me odorous at sunrise a garden of beautiful flowers where I can walk undisturb ' d , Give me for marriage a sweet - breath ' d woman of whom I should never tire , Give me a perfect child , give me away aside from the noise of the world a rural domestic life , Give me to warble spontaneous songs recluse by myself , for my own ears only , Give me solitude , give me Nature , give me again O Nature your primal sanities !
therefore leave my works , And go lull yourself with what you can understand , and with piano - tunes , For I lull nobody , and you will never understand me .
2 A Nation announcing itself , I myself make the only growth by which I can be appreciated , I reject none , accept all , then reproduce all in my own forms .
There can be any number of supremes -- one does not countervail another any more than one eyesight countervails another , or one life countervails another .
Of them standing among them , one lifts to the light a west - bred face , To him the hereditary countenance bequeath ' d both mother ' s and father ' s , His first parts substances , earth , water , animals , trees , Built of the common stock , having room for far and near , Used to dispense with other lands , incarnating this land , Attracting it body and soul to himself , hanging on its neck with incomparable love , Plunging his seminal muscle into its merits and demerits , Making its cities , beginnings , events , diversities , wars , vocal in him , Making its rivers , lakes , bays , embouchure in him , Mississippi with yearly freshets and changing chutes , Columbia , Niagara , Hudson , spending themselves lovingly in him , If the Atlantic coast stretch or the Pacific coast stretch , he stretching with them North or South , Spanning between them East and West , and touching whatever is between them , Growths growing from him to offset the growths of pine , cedar , hemlock , live - oak , locust , chestnut , hickory , cottonwood , orange , magnolia , Tangles as tangled in him as any canebrake or swamp , He likening sides and peaks of mountains , forests coated with northern transparent ice , Off him pasturage sweet and natural as savanna , upland , prairie , Through him flights , whirls , screams , answering those of the fish - hawk , mocking - bird , night - heron , and eagle , His spirit surrounding his country ' s spirit , unclosed to good and evil , Surrounding the essences of real things , old times and present times , Surrounding just found shores , islands , tribes of red aborigines , Weather - beaten vessels , landings , settlements , embryo stature and muscle , The haughty defiance of the Year One , war , peace , the formation of the Constitution , The separate States , the simple elastic scheme , the immigrants , The Union always swarming with blatherers and always sure and impregnable , The unsurvey ' d interior , log - houses , clearings , wild animals , hunters , trappers , Surrounding the multiform agriculture , mines , temperature , the gestation of new States , Congress convening every Twelfth - month , the members duly coming up from the uttermost parts , Surrounding the noble character of mechanics and farmers , especially the young men , Responding their manners , speech , dress , friendships , the gait they have of persons who never knew how it felt to stand in the presence of superiors , The freshness and candor of their physiognomy , the copiousness and decision of their phrenology , The picturesque looseness of their carriage , their fierceness when wrong ' d , The fluency of their speech , their delight in music , their curiosity , good temper and open - handedness , the whole composite make , The prevailing ardor and enterprise , the large amativeness , The perfect equality of the female with the male , the fluid movement of the population , The superior marine , free commerce , fisheries , whaling , gold - digging , Wharf - hemm ' d cities , railroad and steamboat lines intersecting all points , Factories , mercantile life , labor - saving machinery , the Northeast , Northwest , Southwest , Manhattan firemen , the Yankee swap , southern plantation life , Slavery -- the murderous , treacherous conspiracy to raise it upon the ruins of all the rest , On and on to the grapple with it -- Assassin !
9 I listened to the Phantom by Ontario ' s shore , I heard the voice arising demanding bards , By them all native and grand , by them alone can these States be fused into the compact organism of a Nation .
10 Of these States the poet is the equable man , Not in him but off from him things are grotesque , eccentric , fail of their full returns , Nothing out of its place is good , nothing in its place is bad , He bestows on every object or quality its fit proportion , neither more nor less , He is the arbiter of the diverse , he is the key , He is the equalizer of his age and land , He supplies what wants supplying , he checks what wants checking , In peace out of him speaks the spirit of peace , large , rich , thrifty , building populous towns , encouraging agriculture , arts , commerce , lighting the study of man , the soul , health , immortality , government , In war he is the best backer of the war , he fetches artillery as good as the engineer ' s , he can make every word he speaks draw blood , The years straying toward infidelity he withholds by his steady faith , He is no arguer , he is judgment , ( Nature accepts him absolutely ,) He judges not as the judge judges but as the sun failing round helpless thing , As he sees the farthest he has the most faith , His thoughts are the hymns of the praise of things , In the dispute on God and eternity he is silent , He sees eternity less like a play with a prologue and denouement , He sees eternity in men and women , he does not see men and women as dreams or dots .
Can you hold your hand against all seductions , follies , whirls , fierce contentions ?
Can your performance face the open fields and the seaside ?
13 Rhymes and rhymers pass away , poems distill ' d from poems pass away , The swarms of reflectors and the polite pass , and leave ashes , Admirers , importers , obedient persons , make but the soil of literature , America justifies itself , give it time , no disguise can deceive it or conceal from it , it is impassive enough , Only toward the likes of itself will it advance to meet them , If its poets appear it will in due time advance to meet them , there is no fear of mistake , ( The proof of a poet shall be sternly deferr ' d till his country absorbs him as affectionately as he has absorb ' d it .)
I am for those that have never been master ' d , For men and women whose tempers have never been master ' d , For those whom laws , theories , conventions , can never master .
O how can it be that the ground itself does not sicken ?
How can you be alive you growths of spring ?
How can you furnish health you blood of herbs , roots , orchards , grain ?
The soul is of itself , All verges to it , all has reference to what ensues , All that a person does , says , thinks , is of consequence , Not a move can a man or woman make , that affects him or her in a day , month , any part of the direct lifetime , or the hour of death , But the same affects him or her onward afterward through the indirect lifetime .
Inside these breast - bones I lie smutch ' d and choked , Beneath this face that appears so impassive hell ' s tides continually run , Lusts and wickedness are acceptable to me , I walk with delinquents with passionate love , I feel I am of them -- I belong to those convicts and prostitutes myself , And henceforth I will not deny them -- for how can I deny myself ?
Unfolded out of the folds of the woman man comes unfolded , and is always to come unfolded , Unfolded only out of the superbest woman of the earth is to come the superbest man of the earth , Unfolded out of the friendliest woman is to come the friendliest man , Unfolded only out of the perfect body of a woman can a man be form ' d of perfect body , Unfolded only out of the inimitable poems of woman can come the poems of man , ( only thence have my poems come ;) Unfolded out of the strong and arrogant woman I love , only thence can appear the strong and arrogant man I love , Unfolded by brawny embraces from the well - muscled woman love , only thence come the brawny embraces of the man , Unfolded out of the folds of the woman ' s brain come all the folds of the man ' s brain , duly obedient , Unfolded out of the justice of the woman all justice is unfolded , Unfolded out of the sympathy of the woman is all sympathy ; A man is a great thing upon the earth and through eternity , but every of the greatness of man is unfolded out of woman ; First the man is shaped in the woman , he can then be shaped in himself .
And that I can think such thoughts as these is just as wonderful , And that I can remind you , and you think them and know them to be true , is just as wonderful .
how uneasy they are when he moves away from them ; Now I marvel what it can be he appears to them , ( books , politics , poems , depart -- all else departs ,) I confess I envy only his fascination -- my silent , illiterate friend , Whom a hundred oxen love there in his life on farms , In the northern county far , in the placid pastoral region .
A festival song , The duet of the bridegroom and the bride , a marriage - march , With lips of love , and hearts of lovers fill ' d to the brim with love , The red - flush ' d cheeks and perfumes , the cortege swarming full of friendly faces young and old , To flutes ' clear notes and sounding harps ' cantabile .
8 O we can wait no longer , We too take ship O soul , Joyous we too launch out on trackless seas , Fearless for unknown shores on waves of ecstasy to sail , Amid the wafting winds , ( thou pressing me to thee , I thee to me , O soul ,) Caroling free , singing our song of God , Chanting our chant of pleasant exploration .
Well do they do their jobs those journeymen divine , Only from me can they hide nothing , and would not if they could , I reckon I am their boss and they make me a pet besides , And surround me and lead me and run ahead when I walk , To lift their cunning covers to signify me with stretch ' d arms , and resume the way ; Onward we move , a gay gang of blackguards !
I cannot aid with my wringing fingers , I can but rush to the surf and let it drench me and freeze upon me .
The law of the past cannot be eluded , The law of the present and future cannot be eluded , The law of the living cannot be eluded , it is eternal , The law of promotion and transformation cannot be eluded , The law of heroes and good - doers cannot be eluded , The law of drunkards , informers , mean persons , not one iota thereof can be eluded .
I do not doubt that wrecks at sea , no matter what the horrors of them , no matter whose wife , child , husband , father , lover , has gone down , are provided for , to the minutest points , I do not doubt that whatever can possibly happen anywhere at any time , is provided for in the inherences of things , I do not think Life provides for all and for Time and Space , but I believe Heavenly Death provides for all .
5 Beautiful world of new superber birth that rises to my eyes , Like a limitless golden cloud filling the westernr sky , Emblem of general maternity lifted above all , Sacred shape of the bearer of daughters and sons , Out of thy teeming womb thy giant babes in ceaseless procession issuing , Acceding from such gestation , taking and giving continual strength and life , World of the real -- world of the twain in one , World of the soul , born by the world of the real alone , led to identity , body , by it alone , Yet in beginning only , incalculable masses of composite precious materials , By history ' s cycles forwarded , by every nation , language , hither sent , Ready , collected here , a freer , vast , electric world , to be constructed here , ( The true New World , the world of orbic science , morals , literatures to come ,) Thou wonder world yet undefined , unform ' d , neither do I define thee , How can I pierce the impenetrable blank of the future ?
The Present holds thee not -- for such vast growth as thine , For such unparallel ' d flight as thine , such brood as thine , The FUTURE only holds thee and can hold thee .
This is a full - grown lily ' s face , She speaks to the limber - hipp ' d man near the garden pickets , Come here she blushingly cries , Come nigh to me limber - hipp ' d man , Stand at my side till I lean as high as I can upon you , Fill me with albescent honey , bend down to me , Rub to me with your chafing beard , rub to my breast and shoulders .
O tender and fierce pangs , I can stand them not , I will depart ; O to be a Virginian where I grew up !
O me , man of slack faith so long , Standing aloof , denying portions so long , Only aware to - day of compact all - diffused truth , Discovering to - day there is no lie or form of lie , and can be none , but grows as inevitably upon itself as the truth does upon itself , Or as any law of the earth or any natural production of the earth does .
I announce natural persons to arise , I announce justice triumphant , I announce uncompromising liberty and equality , I announce the justification of candor and the justification of pride .
The perfect singing voice -- deepest of all to me the lesson -- trial and test of all :) How through those strains distill ' d -- how the rapt ears , the soul of me , absorbing Fernando ' s heart , Manrico ' s passionate call , Ernani ' s , sweet Gennaro ' s , I fold thenceforth , or seek to fold , within my chants transmuting , Freedom ' s and Love ' s and Faith ' s unloos ' d cantabile , ( As perfume ' s , color ' s , sunlight ' s correlation :) From these , for these , with these , a hurried line , dead tenor , A wafted autumn leaf , dropt in the closing grave , the shovel ' d earth , To memory of thee .
Nothing is ever really lost , or can be lost , No birth , identity , form -- no object of the world .
Can I not know , identify thee ?
Pelham said Sunday night there was research being done on whether the `` quickie '' vote on the increase can be repealed outright or whether notice would have to first be given that reconsideration of the action would be sought .
Money for its construction will be sought later on but in the meantime the State Hospital board can accept gifts and donations of a site .
Rep. Wesley Roberts of Seminole , sponsor of the poll idea , said that further delay in the committee can kill the bill .
`` Dallas and Fort Worth can vote bonds .
Moreover , he said , many qualified young people are not going into medicine and dentistry because they can't afford the schooling costs .
This has been a working session of an organization that , by its very nature , can only proceed along its route step by step and without dramatic changes .
In Oslo , the ministers have met in a climate of candor , and made a genuine attempt to get information and understanding one another's problems .
They can hardly restrain themselves from raising the question of whether Republicans , if they had been in power , would have made `` amateurish and monumental blunders '' in Cuba .
Matching funds also can be obtained for procurement of such items as radios , sirens and rescue trucks , he said .
Increasing opposition can be expected in coming weeks , it was indicated .
Sunday he had added , `` We can love Eisenhower the man , even if we considered him a mediocre president but there is nothing left of the Republican Party without his leadership '' .
`` How can a man with any degree of common decency charge this '' ? ?
`` He calls for help while saying he is against centralization , but you can't have it both ways '' , Jones said .
`` Such a vicious statement can only have its origin in the desire of a new political candidate to try to make his name known by condemning a man of world stature .
It can only rebound to Mr. Hughes' discredit '' .
He said , `` You can see signs of the Republicans' feeble attack on the Meyner administration .
A reader of the Boston newspapers can hardly escape the impression that petty chicanery , or worse , is the norm in Massachusetts public life .
Can religious agencies use Government funds and Peace Corps personnel in their projects and still preserve the constitutional requirement on separation of church and state ? ?
R. Sargent Shriver Jr. , director of the corps , is certain that they can .
But from a historic viewpoint none can approach it .
The effectiveness of the governor in clearing up some of the inconsistencies revolving about the sales tax bill may play a part in determining whether it can muster the required two-thirds vote .
If it fails to pass , he can throw up his hands and say the Legislature would not support him in his efforts to prevent integration .
It is one that most try to avoid , as long as they can see an alternative approach to the problem .
But if all alternatives should be clearly blocked off , it can be expected the Davis administration will take steps to trim spending at the spring session of the state Legislature .
`` We can claim on the maximum amount of the bond '' , Berger said .
Wagner replied , `` Can't you just see the headline : ' City Hooked for $172,000 ' '' ? ?
`` I think I can do a better job with the glove , now that I know the hitters around the league a little better '' , he said .
Just before game time , Robinson's pretty wife , Connie informed him that an addition to the family can be expected late next summer .
I've tried to teach some of the other boys to kick and some of them can't seem to get the feel .
`` We always like to keep the ball as much as we can against Denver because they have such an explosive attack '' , explained Stram .
`` They can be going along , doing little damage , then bang , bang -- they can hit a couple of passes on you for touchdowns and put you in trouble '' .
`` I can't hit anymore .
I can't run .
I can't throw .
But there surely can be no doubt about the slender southpaw belonging with the all-time great lefthanders in the game's history .
`` I can remove the ball , can't I '' ? ?
`` By winning against Bradley , Kentucky and Notre Dame on those teams' home courts , they showed that the home court advantage can be overcome anywhere and that it doesn't take a super team to do it '' .
The bridegroom's children were here for the Christmas holidays and can't return .
You can get into an argument about fallout shelters at the drop of a beer stein in clubs and pubs these nights .
Comic Gary Morton signed to play the Living Room here Dec. 18 , because that's the only time his heart , Lucille Ball , can come along .
a medico's injection inflamed a nerve , and Johnny can barely walk .
You can mail contribs to Danny Thomas , Post Office Box 7599 , Chicago .
`` And I bum tickets to everything I can '' , she said .
I can testify that motels , service and comfort stations ( they go together like Scots and heather ) , dog wagons , roadside restaurants , souvenir stands and snake farms are braced and waiting .
I hope it can be said without boasting that no other nation offers its vacationing motorists such variety and beauty of scene , such an excellent network of roads on which to enjoy it and such decent , far-flung over-night accommodations .
Motorists like myself who can remember the old `` tourists accommodated '' signs on farm houses and village homes before World War 2 , can only marvel at the great size and the luxury of the relatively new and fast-grossing motel business .
But we can't tell it all now and then have no new excitement later '' .
`` When and if it can do so without jeopardizing constitutional and statutory tax-exemption privileges essential to the maintenance of its educational program and facilities , Emory University will consider applications of persons desiring to study or work at the University without regard to race , color or creed , continuing university policy that all applications shall be considered on the basis of intellectual and moral standards and other criteria designed to assure the orderly and effective conduct of the university and the fulfillment of its mission as an institution of Christian higher education '' .
The fire ant is thought to infest approximately two million acres of land in Georgia , attacking crops , young wildlife and livestock and can be a serious health menace to humans who are allergic to its venom , Blasingame said .
This is being done so that Georgia Tech can complete the final phase of a traffic survey on the North Expressway .
Perhaps the engineers can find out what causes all the congestion and suggest methods to eliminate it .
It is the only county in the state so far this month reporting a possible shortage in GA category , for which emergency allotment can be given by the state if necessary .
`` Do you feel you can stand up to the next legislative session and defend this contract '' ? ?
A measure of how hot the stock was , can be found in what happened to it on the market as soon as trading began .
He was also pleased with the wide distribution because he thought it proved again his argument that Dallas investment men can do just as good a job as the big New York investment bankers claim only they can do .
He called the Cuban tractor plan an outright blackmail action , and noted that in war `` you can't buy yourself out and that's what we're trying to do '' .
Its the start of a direct threat to our own security and I don't believe we can permit that '' .
`` As we look to the $800 billion economy that is predicted for 1970 and the increase of about 40% in consumer expenditures that will be required to reach that goal , management can well be restless about how this tremendous volume and number of new products will be created and marketed '' , Peterson said .
Hayes said that if a way can be found to deal effectively with short-term capital movements between nations , `` there is no reason , in my judgment why the international financial system cannot work satisfactorily for at least the foreseeable future '' .
`` Farmers aren't as price conscious as last year so we can get more money on a sale '' , says Jack Martin , who sells J. I. Case tractors and implements in Sioux City , Iowa .
Requests for substantiation , the Service indicated , can be especially expected in cases where it suspects the donor received some material benefit in return , such as tickets to a show .
So you can see that Gerald G. Ramsey , director of SMU's food services , is not the ordinary type of craven , women-trodden chef .
Ramsey , 6-3 , 195 and ruggedly slim , says , `` I can't remember when I didn't pester my mother to teach me to cook '' .
An interesting approach to the bedroom is presented , with a young , basic , functional group of chests , dressers and corner units and a canted headboard .
Make sure that the metal tube through which the wire passes is in the shape of an inverted `` L '' , the foot of the `` L '' about three inches long , so that the puppet can hang directly under the light .
In this way , you can arrange his legs and arms in any desired position , with feet , or one foot , barely resting on the pedestal .
If the puppets are of uniform size , you can change them in accord with your child's whims .
Net result is some crazy-wonderful nonsense , part of which can be classed as pure slapstick .
If they can't chalk up big business here then let's stop this noise about how hip we are , and stick to our community singing ,
Is there anything a frustrated individual can do about Communism's growing threat on our doorstep and around the world ? ?
When he attended the Christian Anti-Communist Crusade school here about six months ago , Jim became convinced that an individual can do something constructive in the ideological battle and set out to do it .
and talks on how their Christian faith can guide them in learning about and fighting Communism during high school and college days , by Ted Place , director of Greater Miami Youth for Christ , and Jon Braun , director of Campus Crusade for Christ .
In other words , no merely male creature can resist that corps de ballet .
Any needy family living in San Francisco can obtain toys by writing to Christmas Toys , 676 Howard street , San Francisco 5 , and listing the parent's name and address and the age and sex of each child in the family between the ages of 1 and 12 .
Put them all together and they spell out the only four-letter word I can think of : dull .
And when they sell it to television in a couple of years , it can be shown without editing .
High blood pressure can get the best of any of us .
`` I'm hopeful that from more traditional exchanges we can perhaps find greater common ground '' .
`` As long as Mr. Khrushchev is convinced that the balance of world power is shifting his way , no amount of either smiles or toughness , neither Camp David talks nor kitchen debates , can compel him to enter fruitful negotiations '' .
There can be no doubt that the American Catholic accomplishment in the field of higher education is most impressive : our European brethren never cease to marvel at the number and the size of our colleges and universities .
In the case of academic personnel the `` feeling '' of participation can hardly be `` faked '' .
Accounting procedures can be varied to provide a rationale for almost any price .
Naturally , enterprises of the size of General Electric are in a position to structure their prices in such a way that the relatively small competitors can be forced to the wall in a very short time .
( Pp. 228-229 ) in any event , it is obvious that the anti-trust laws did not prevent the formation of some of the greatest financial empires the world has ever known , held together by some of the most fantastic ideas , all based on the fundamental notion that a corporation is an individual who can trade and exchange goods without control by the government '' .
However , one can argue that no such control is necessary as long as one pretends that the anti-trust laws are effective and rational .
`` There is a limit to what the United States in self-respect can endure '' , said the President .
The Masters golf tournament proved last Monday what it can do to the strongest men and the staunchest nerves .
`` Just when you think you have it licked , this golf course can get up and bite you '' , Player had said one afternoon midway through the tournament .
or Rosburg , whose accurate short game and supersensitive putter can overcome so many of Augusta's treacheries ; ;
The bad luck that can so often mar a well-played round of golf is simply overpowered and obliterated by the contemptuous boldness of these champions .
How can you walk Maris to get to Mantle '' ? ?
Benched at Tulsa in 1955 , he told manager Dutch Meyer : `` I can't play for you .
Send me where I can play '' .
They try to play baseball the best they can .
Mantle , beyond any question , can do more things well .
The average Congolese can do little more than puzzle out the meaning of `` la chatte '' and `` le chien '' and write his name .
Presently the well-armed members of the Force Publique -- many of them drawn from savage and even cannibalistic tribes , erupted in mutiny , rioting , raping and looting .
Most members of the U.S. Senate , because they are human , like to eat as high on the hog as they can .
Some turnpikes have not been in full operation long enough to prove what they can do .
There are many places where we can use their vigor and new ideas ' '' .
The recently unveiled Kennedy moves to control the international textile market can be significant for American businessmen in many lines .
What's happening in textiles can be handwriting on the wall for other lines having difficulty competing with imports from low-wage countries .
The British coal industry is unprofitable , has large coal stocks it can't sell .
Confronted with this situation , most libraries either endure the severe limitations of their budgets and do what they can with what they have , or else depend on the bounty of patrons and local governments to supplement their annual funds .
Local libraries find , too , that the new plan saves tax dollars because books can be bought through the system , and since the system buys in bulk it is able to obtain larger discounts than would be available to an individual library .
Librarians , a patient breed of men and women who have borne much with dedication , can begin to see results today .
Education must not be limited to our youth but must be a continuing process through our entire lives , for it is only through knowledge that we , as a nation , can cope with the dangers that threaten our society .
Only public understanding and support can provide that service .
Certainly all can applaud passage of an auto title law , the school bills , the increase in teacher pensions , the ban on drag racing , acceptance by the state of responsibility for maintenance of state roads in municipalities at the same rate as outside city limits , repeal of the college age limit law and the road maintenance bond issue .
It recognizes the fact that what helps one county helps its neighbors and that by banding together in an area-wide effort better results can be accomplished than through the go-it-alone approach .
That such expansion can be obtained without a raise in taxes is due to growth of the tax digest and sound fiscal planning on the part of the board of commissioners , headed by Chairman Charles O. Emmerich who is demonstrating that the public trust he was given was well placed , and other county officials .
High-speed buses on the George Washington Memorial Parkway , operating between downtown Washington and Cabin John , Glen Echo and Brookmont , would constitute an alluring sample of what the new National Capital Transportation Agency can do for this city .
There remains , of course , the question of what the West can do beyond diplomatic protest to prevent the illegal efforts from becoming accomplished facts .
But if anything can bring home to Mr. Khrushchev the idea that he will not really get much enjoyment from watching this Braddock-against-the-Indians contest , it will probably be the fact that SEATO forces are ready to attempt it -- plus the fact that Moscow has something to lose from closing off disarmament and other bigger negotiations with Washington .
The probable answer is that it will do so just as long as Russia can exercise a veto in favor of chaos and until young African nations wake up to the truth that out of false pride they are visiting ruin on Central Africa .
Meanwhile , in Moscow , Khrushchev was adding his bit to the march of world law by promising to build a bomb with a wallop equal to 100 million tons of TNT , to knock sense into the heads of those backward oafs who can't see the justice of surrendering West Berlin to communism .
While he was at it , the philosopher of the Kremlin contributed an additional assist to the rule of reason by bellowing at those in the west who can't appreciate coexistence thru suicide .
The only response we can think of is the humble one that at least we aren't playing the marimba with our shoes in the United Nations , but perhaps the heavy domes in the house of delegates can improve on this feeble effort .
Perhaps the moralities of world law are not advanced by stealing American diplomatic papers and planes , but the Kennedy administration can always file a demurrer to the effect that , but for its own incompetence in protecting American interests , these things would not happen .
The same can be said about the half-hearted Cuban invasion mounted by the administration last April , which , we trust , is not symptomatic of the methods to be invoked in holding off the felonious Khrushchev .
The request for lower rates originated with the Southern railway , which has spent a good deal of time and money developing a 100-ton hopper car with which it says it can move grain at about half what it costs in the conventional , smaller car .
If the manner of his passing moves the nations to act in the spirit of his dedication the sore issues that plague the world can yet be resolved with reason and justice .
The Free Democrats ( 12 per cent of the vote ) believe a nuclear war can be avoided by negotiating with the Soviet Union , and more dealings with the Communist bloc .
But it can be dangerous if the joiner doesn't want to make a spectacle of himself .
In some instances a seventh question can be added : 7 .
Whatever land you can see here , from the North tip end of Elliott Key looking southward , belongs to someone -- people who have title to the land .
And what you can't see , the land underneath the water , belongs to someone , too .
The only real problem is to devise a plan whereby the owners of the above-water land can develop their property without the public losing its underwater land and the right to its development for public use and enjoyment .
Engaged as it is in a battle for world trade as a condition of national survival , this country can have little patience with labor's family feuds .
The economy seems to be sailing along on an even keel and the 1961 hurricane season and auto strikes are at an end so they can't be blamed in November .
Well , we can't have everything .
The University can make a valuable contribution to the state's economic development through such a study .
Even though headquarters actually have been moved into the Chatham building , do they believe that they can make the new name stick ? ?
Using a Batista man to screen refugees represented a total misunderstanding of the democratic forces which alone can effectively oppose Castro .
Nobody can deny the right of former Chief Executives to take part in politics , but the American people expect them always to remember the obligations of national leadership and to treat issues with a sense of responsibility .
What we must have , if the United Nations is to survive , is as nonpolitical , nonpartisan an organization at the top as human beings can make it , subject to no single nation's direction and subservient to no single nation's ambition .
No group can contribute more to the success of the program than the editors and publishers of the Inter-American Press Association .
And there must be many Soviet citizens who know what is going on and who realize that before they can hope to enjoy the full life promised for 1980 they and their children must first survive .
Old , tired , trembling the woman came to the cannery .
She was ready to kill the beef , dress it out , and with vegetables from her garden was going to can soup , broth , hash , and stew against the winter .
And now , the woman , tired and trembling , came here to the DeKalb County cannery .
`` Is it so the cannery is going to close '' ? ?
Threat of closing the cannery is a recent one .
A three-man committee has recommended to Commission Chairman Charles O. Emmerich that the DeKalb County cannery be closed .
Reason : the cannery loses $3,000 yearly .
But DeKalb citizens , those who use the facilities of the cannery , say the cannery is not supposed to make any money .
`` The cannery '' , said Mrs. Lewellyn Lundeen , an active booster of the cannery since its opening during the war and rationing years of 1941 , to handle the `` victory garden '' produce , `` is a service to the taxpayer .
And one of the best services available to the people who try to raise and can meat , to plant , grow vegetables and put them up .
A driver of a dairy truck , who begins work at 1 a.m. finishes before breakfast , then goes out and grows a garden , and who has used the cannery to save and feed a family of five , asked , `` What in the world will we do '' ? ?
Moss , a man who knows how much the cannery helps the county , doesn't believe it will close .
`` Don't ask me if I think the cannery helps '' , he said .
`` Sir , I know the cannery helps '' .
Henry Van Dyke said , `` Forgive and forget if you can ; ;
We must , first of all , be willing to forgive others before we can secure God's forgiveness .
It was the oldest and toughest question young lovers have ever asked : How can you be sure ? ?
Besides , in all honesty , I don't know how you can be sure .
Can you visualize being stranded with him on a desert island for years and years and still find him fascinating ? ?
His very honest act called up the recent talk I had with another minister , a modest Methodist , who said : `` I feel so deeply blessed by God when I can give a message of love and comfort to other men , and I would have it no other way : and it is unworthy to think of self .
The schedules are flexible so that the program can be accelerated as the public becomes more tolerant or realizes that it is something that has to be done , `` so why not now '' .
He can ( 1 ) point his car resolutely at the invading fender and force the other driver back into Lane A ; ;
After three months of research , I can state unequivocally that Los Angeles drivers are considerably more courteous and competent than any other drivers I've ever encountered .
He can often make the complex ridiculously simple , and vice versa .
`` Now , if I can just figure out what he's talking about , I'll use it '' .
This angle of just where the Orioles can look for improvement this year is an interesting one .
Where can that improvement possibly come from ? ?
You certainly can't expect the infield to do any better than it did last year .
You can't expect it , though .
If they do as well as they did in 1960 there can be no complaint .
Gentile can hardly do better than drive in 98 runs .
So , all in all , the infield can't be expected to supply the added improvement to propel the Birds from second to first .
Where , then , can we look for improvement ? ?
`` They're the ones we can expect to do better '' .
If he can bounce back with one of those 25 home runs years , the club will have to be better off offensively .
A mother can help a child adapt to his difficulties .
Sometimes she can -- to a large extent -- help him overcome them .
We don't think she can make her child defective , emotionally disturbed or autistic .
The mother of a difficult child can do a great deal to help her own child and often , by sharing her experiences , she can help other mothers with the same problem .
He pushes and straightens himself as if he can't stand the feeling of being held .
The work is executed in England ( by hand ) and can be worked in any desired design and color .
This is going to be a language lesson , and you can master it in a few minutes .
IBM has a machine that can understand spoken words and talk back .
After all , where else can the public see a wagon these days ? ?
Some of the poetic cadence of the older version certainly is lost in the newer one , but almost anyone , with a fair knowledge of the English language , can understand the meaning , without the necessity of interpretation by a Biblical scholar .
The brushes can be cleaned and sterilized by boiling and are detachable so that every member of the family can have his own .
The same can be said of shaving yet the electric razor has proved useful to many men .
What can a mother do then to prevent misbehavior ? ?
She can decrease the number of temptations .
She can remove all knick-knacks within reach .
If he can't play with Mommy's magazines , he should have some old numbers of his own .
Toys he has can be made to act as substitutes for family temptations such as refrigerator and gas stove .
He can smell again the perfume she wore and recall the lilting sound of laughter , and can smell again the aroma of autumn -- fallen leaves , the wine of cool air , and the nostalgia of woodsmoke which blows through all the winds of fall .
No matter how often a man goes back to the scenes of his youth and strength , they can never be recaptured again .
There are eight states in which the largest urban vote can be the balance of power in any close election .
And just how far can the Legislature go toward setting up a self-insurance system for the state in the midst of a governor's race '' ? ?
We can't think of anyone else who would want to separate serious candidates from other candidates , either .
If it will simply delay the debates until the qualifications are closed next spring , and then carry all the candidates on a tour of debates , it can provide a service to the state .
The demand for these lots can be met for some time to come .
As this tax base grows so then can your medium and low density residential areas grow .
Until professional planners meet this situation squarely and update the concepts of zoning in a manner acceptable to the courts , I hope we in East Greenwich can continue to shape our own destiny .
It can manifest itself before discharge from service , or it can come out years later .
No psychiatrist could tell me that the experience in a war can not have its effect in the ensuing years .
So he keeps the veteran in until he can observe the effects of treatment or surgery .
This we can sympathetically understand .
Why should Congress even consider allowing such a sum for that which can give no protection ? ?
Education should be uppermost in their minds , but with this attire how can anyone think it is so ? ?
When she agrees , you can rest assured her position will remain unchanged .
But there is nothing we can do to stop Soviet Russia from granting de facto recognition to East Germany .
Kiwanis , American Legion and other groups donate small sums and the mothers do what they can to bring in dollars for its support .
Visitors are welcome to come see what these dedicated mothers can do .
I was surprised at Mayor Miriani's defeat , but perhaps Mayor-elect Cavanagh can accomplish some things that should have been done years ago .
Maybe he can clean out the white elephants in some of the city departments such as welfare , DPW and sanitation .
How can we old-fashioned parents , who still feel that adults are due some respect from children , battle the new type of advertising that appears on TV without denying the children the use of television entirely ? ?
I suppose I am missing some elementary point but I honestly cannot see how two wrongs can make a right ! !
As I see it , if war starts and we survive the initial attack enough to be able to fight back , the nuclear weapons we now have -- at least the bombs -- can inflict all the demage that is necessary .
At Khrushchev's door , therefore , can be placed the primary blame but also at fault are those who permitted themselves to be intimidated .
It is well for us to remember that a wreath on a coffin never can atone for flowers withheld while they still can be enjoyed .
This can be accomplished by several logical steps : ( 1 )
but it can't remind one of the freedom that Washington and the Continental soldiers fought for .
A sweetheart arrangement can come about as often by employers doing the corrupting as by unscrupulous labor leaders demanding tribute .
`` Only a discontinuity can end it '' , Professor Morrison writes .
`` The discontinuity can either be that of war to destruction , or that of diplomatic policy '' .
He feels , therefore , that to seek a discontinuity in the arms policy of the United States is the least risky path our government can take .
Or the city can be a graveyard monument to Western intransigence , if that is what the West wants .
Besides , he can hardly avoid musing on the instability of death which , what with exhumations and rehabilitations , seems to match that of life .
Whether the compromises -- on both sides -- that made possible the interim appointment can then be repeated remains to be seen .
No one who has studied the radical Right can suppose that words are their sole staple in trade .
`` If the day should ever come that foreign invaders swarm ashore along the Gulf Coast '' , the account reads , `` they can count on heavy opposition from a group of commando-trained telephone employees -- all girls .
The official military establishment can only threaten to use its nuclear arms ; ;
Besides the lack of an adequate ethical dimension to the Governor's case , one can ask seriously whether our lead over the Russians in quality and quantity of nuclear weapons is so slight as to make the tests absolutely necessary .
Nor can one forget Pope John's unprecedented meeting with the Archbishop of Canterbury .
Can any Christian fail to respond to these words ? ?
Certainly it isn't making the President happy , and he has been doing his apologetic best to explain how the budget got into its unbalanced condition , how he intends to economize wherever he can and how he hopes to do better next year .
Their answer was : it can be done , and we will do it .
What evidence is there of an objective kind that in fact your government proposes to do just that , and that it can be done '' ? ?
On these they feel they can rely .
This prime element of the truth may be stated as follows : Under prevailing policy , the U.S. can take the initiative against the Right , but cannot take the initiative against the Left .
There is even some question whether the U.S. can any longer defend itself against an initiative by the Left .
We can attack Tshombe , but not Gigenza .
We can force Britain and France out of the Suez , but we cannot so much as try to force the Russian tanks back from Budapest .
We can mass our fleet against the Trujillos , but not against the Castros .
We can vote in the UN against South African apartheid or Portuguese rule in Angola , but we cannot even introduce a motion on the Berlin Wall -- much less , give the simple order to push the Wall down .
Although they are forbidden to sit with the customers , the dancers are sometimes proffered drinks , and most of them can bolt one down in mid-shimmy .
He can offer nine Turkish girls , plans to import at least 15 more .
These seem about the only two ways in which the `` unhappy incident '' can now be closed .
To think that we can merely relinquish our economic autonomy without giving up our political or legal autonomy is wishful thinking .
With this no loyal citizen can quarrel .
This affects us all intimately , and can leave us hopeless in the face of widespread distress .
I know of no other solution than the one N.C. proposes -- to do what we can for each sufferer as he confronts us , hoping that this will spread beyond him to others at some time and some place .
Can you bring the networks' attention to this ? ?
But I have compared its text with already published commentaries on the 1960 series of Godkin lectures at Harvard , from which the book was derived , and I can with confidence challenge the gist of C. P. Snow's incautious tale '' .
Those would be reserved for the orchestra's great nights when the soloist can surpass himself .
There was in the Brahms none of the mysterious and marvelous alchemy by which a great conductor can bring soloist , orchestra and music to ultimate fusion .
It got the kind of scrambled , coarsened performance that can happen to best of orchestras when the man with the baton lacks technique and style .
About that same time John Crosby's TV series on the popular arts proved again that giving jazz ample breathing space is one of the most sensible things a producer can do .
His bel canto style gave the performance a special distinction .
They can be exuberant or sentimental , flirtatious or funny , but the only thing they seem unable to be is dull .
Equally penetrating in its fashion is the following remark by a lady in the course of a literary conversation : `` So much has already been written about everything that you can't find out anything about it '' .
Who but Thurber can be counted on to glean such nectareous essences ? ?
In his concluding paragraph he writes : `` The devoted writer of humor will continue to try to come as close to truth as he can '' .
Anyone can draw his own conclusions from this difference .
Joan Fagan , a fiery redhead who can impress you that she has a temper whether she really has one or not , plays Ellen , and sings the role very well , too .
We can all breathe more easily this morning -- more easily and joyously , too -- because Joshua Logan has turned the stage show , `` Fanny '' , into a delightful and heart-warming film .
Whether fan of the Pagnol films or stage show , whether partial to music or not , you can't help but derive joy from this picture if you have a sense of humor and a heart .
Since rococo music tends to be pretty and elegant above all , it can seem rather vacuous to twentieth-century ears that have grown accustomed to the stress and dissonances of composers from Beethoven to Boulez .
On the contrary , Miss Mao and Mr. Fuller chose many of their arrangements from the works of composers such as Mendelssohn , Dvorak , Canteloube , Copland and Britten .
The humor of the situation can be imagined .
Her `` Rockabye Your Baby '' was as good as it can be done , and her really personal songs , like `` The Man That Got Away '' were deeply moving .
What a discussion can ensue when the title of this type of song is in question .
The young Texas pianist can make great chords ring out as well as anyone , so last night the massive sonorities of this challenging concerto were no hazard to him .
Last season , the Comedie's two principal experiments came to grief , and , in consequence , we can expect fairly soon to see still newer productions of Racine's `` Phedre '' and Moliere's `` School For Wives '' .
The part can lend itself to serious treatment ; ;
You can catch up with him -- if you haven't already -- on RCA-Victor's album .
There were 8,000 persons at the Stadium who can tell their grandchildren that they heard Elman .
This scene is a `` white ballet '' in which a lovelorn hero searches for his departed love's spirit among twenty-eight extraordinarily beautiful `` shadows '' who can all dance like nothing human -- which , of course , is altogether fitting .
In all big cities outside the South , and even in small towns within the South , radio stations can be found beaming some or all of their programs at Negro listeners .
`` Negro-appeal radio is more important to the Negro today , because it provides a direct and powerful mirror in which the Negro can hear and see his ambitions , achievements and desires .
or `` Carmine Theater , 1912 '' , the only canvas with an ash can ( and foraging dog ) , although Sloan was a member of the famous `` Eight '' , and of the so-called `` Ash-Can School '' , a term he resented .
It is clear from this discussion that cosmologists of every persuasion look hopefully toward the day when a man-made satellite can be equipped with optical devices which will open up new vistas to science .
For style and assurance , for a supreme and regal bearing there is still no one who can touch her .
Instead of her old confidence in the simplest , purest , most moving musical expression , Miss Schwarzkopf is letting herself be tempted by the classic sin of artistic pride -- that subtle vanity that sometimes misleads a great artist into thinking that he or she can somehow better the music by bringing to it something extra , some personal dramatic touch imposed from the outside .
But , even if Mr. Sansom labors too hard to extract more refinements of meaning and feeling from his travel experiences than the limits of language allow , he still can charm and astound .
So in these pages one can share his wonder at the traditional fiesta of St. Torpetius that still persists in St. Tropez ; ;
Mr. Sansom can be eloquent in a spectacular way which recalls ( to those who recall easily ) the statues of Bernini and the gigantic paintings of Tintoretto .
He can coin a neat phrase : `` a street spattered with an invigoration of people '' ; ;
And , for all his lacquered , almost Byzantine self-consciousness , he can make one recognize the aptness of an unexpected comparison .
WBAI , the listener-supported outlet on the frequency-modulation band , has decided to do what it can to correct this aural void .
But quite conceivably an altogether different impression will obtain when the work is offered in the theatre and there can be other effects to relieve the burden on the author's words .
With an art that almost conceals art , J. D. Salinger can create a fictional world so authentic that it hurts .
With harvests in full swing , you can enjoy festivals for grapes at Sonoma , Calif. ( Sept. 22-24 ) , as well as for cranberries at Bandon , Ore. ( Sept. 28 thru Oct. 1 ) , for buckwheat at Kingwood , W. Va. ( Sept. 28-30 ) , sugar cane at New Iberia , La. ( Sept. 29 thru Oct. 1 ) and tobacco at Richmond , Va. ( Sept. 23-30 ) .
More and more boats move overland on wheels ( 1.8 million trailers are now in use ) and Midwesterners taking long weekends can travel south with their craft .
Hurricane Carla damaged 70% of the marinas in the Galveston-Port Aransas area but fuel service is back to normal , and explorers can roam as far west as Port Isabel on the Mexican border .
Sailing activity is slowed down by Texas northers , but power cruisers can move freely , poking into the San Jacinto , Trinity and Brazos rivers ( fine tarpon fishing in the Brazos ) or pushing eastward to the pirate country of Barataria .
The reasons are that America generally believes that she can buy anything with dollars , and that she compulsively strives to be liked .
And it remains to be seen if the new frontier now taking form can produce the leadership and wisdom necessary to understand the current shape of events .
In this same society , the plain citizen can with an average of only one-fifth his income buy more calories than he can consume .
Readings of the number of milligrams of cholesterol in the blood , which seem to have value in predicting heart attacks , are becoming as routine as the electrocardiogram , which can show that the heart has suffered a symptomatic attack .
The simple mechanical strain of overweight , says New York's Dr. Norman Jolliffe , can overburden and damage the heart `` for much the same reason that a Chevrolet engine in a Cadillac body would wear out sooner than if it were in a body for which it was built '' .
Saturated fats can accommodate no more hydrogens .
In carrying out this program science has undoubtedly performed a very considerable service for which it can claim due credit .
There is no framework or structure of thought with respect to which we can organize it and no part of reality , as we know and apprehend it , with respect to which we can refer this experience .
Instead , the audience can sit back at ease and , from the perspective of an enlightened time which no longer believes in such things , enjoy the dead seriousness with which the characters in the play take the witches and devils which are under discussion .
For all involved in this discussion the devil is a real entity who can really be confronted in the woods on a dark night , the demon world is populated with real creatures , and witches actually can be seen flying through the air .
In our disbelief we think that we can no longer even use the word and so are unable to even name the elemental power which is so vividly real in this play .
Yet it exists and has an objective reality which can be experienced and known .
If the content of faith is to be presented today in a form that can be `` understanded of the people '' -- and this , it must not be forgotten , is one of the goals of the perennial theological task -- there is no other choice but to abandon completely a mythological manner of representation .
This does not mean that mythological language as such can no longer be used in theology and preaching .
Mythological concepts may by all means still be used , but they can be used responsibly only as `` symbols '' or `` ciphers '' , that is , only if they are also constantly interpreted in nonmythological ( or existential ) terms .
On the contrary , even in the heart of `` the Bible belt '' itself , as can be attested by any one who is called to work there , the industrial and technological revolutions have long been under way , together with the corresponding changes in man's picture of himself and his world .
In the absence of a truly adequate conceptuality in which the gospel can be expressed , the unavoidable need to demythologize it makes use of whatever resources are at hand -- and this usually means one or another of the various forms of `` folk religion '' current in the situation .
But can we any longer afford the luxury of such smug indigation ? ?
Can the church risk assuming that the `` folly '' of men is as dear to God as their `` wisdom '' , or , as is also commonly implied , that `` the foolishness of God '' and `` the foolishness of men '' are simply two ways of talking about the same thing ? ?
Can we continue to alienate precisely those whose gifts we so desperately need and apart from whose co-operation our mission in the world must become increasingly precarious ? ?
But , as Scripture everywhere reminds us , God does have need of his creatures , and the church , a fortiori , can ill afford to do without the talents with which the world , by God's providence , presents it .
And yet this is exactly the risk we run when we assume , as we too often do , that we can continue to preach the gospel in a form that makes it seem incredible and irrelevant to cultured men .
Until we translate this gospel into a language that enlightened men today can understand , we are depriving ourselves of the very resources on which the continued success of our witness most certainly depends .
In arguing in this way , we are obviously taking for granted that a demythologized restatement of the kerygma can be achieved ; ;
However much we may have to criticize liberal theology's constructive formulations , the theology we ourselves must strive to formulate can only go beyond liberalism , not behind it .
But how can one figure symbolize both ? ?
His death is his alone , yet each man can see his own death in the crucifixion of Jesus .
Each man can identify himself with the history and the death of Jesus Christ because Jesus Christ has identified himself with human history and human death , coming as the head of a new humanity .
As man can live only by dying , so it was only by his dying that Christ could bring many to life .
They speak of the work of Christ as the bestowal of incorruptibility , which can mean ( though it does not have to mean ) deliverance from time and history .
One can even argue -- though this is a delicate matter -- that every justification existed for their returning the Public Lecture to the First Church , and so to suppress it , rather than let Parker use it as a sounding board for his propaganda when his turn should come to occupy it .
Fortunately , the honor of the denomination can attest that Cyrus Bartol defended Parker's sincerity , as did also Gannett and Chandler Robbins ; ;
Hence he was in his lifetime , as is the memory of him afterwards , a canker within the liberal sensitivity .
Nevertheless , we can find reasons for respecting even the bigotry of the populace ; ;
There can be no doubt , the Boston of that era could be exquisitely cruel in enforcing its canons of behavior .
I think it fair to say that he never quite reached such candor in his sermons .
Nor can any man save himself by good works or by a commendable `` moral life '' , although such works are the natural fruits and evidences of a saving faith already received and naturally expressing itself through such avenues .
What a joy to realize that we , too , can claim this promise tendered by the Lord during His earthly ministry to a group of men who were very dear to Him .
Such a calm and assuring peace can be yours .
As only a member of the family can share in the innermost joys of the family , likewise one must belong to the family of God in order to receive the benefits that are promised to those who are His own .
not that empty peace the world offers , but a deep , abiding peace which nothing can destroy .
Why not open your heart to the Lord Jesus Christ now , accept Him as your Saviour and let Him fill you with peace that only He can give .
Then , with the hymn writer of old , you can say :
Cape Canaveral's achievements thunder forth from the radio , television , and newspaper .
Only He can satisfy the deepest longings .
You can receive God into your heart and life by a step of personal faith .
Watch people flock to amusement houses , cocktail lounges , and night clubs that advertise continuous entertainment , which means an endless flow of noise and frivolity by paid entertainers who are supposed to perform in those incredible ways which are designed to give men a few hours of dubious relaxation -- watch them and you can tell that many of them are running away from something .
Meanwhile , the enemy will capitalize on our fears , if he can .
The fear of war can make us either too weak to stand and too willing to compromise , or too reckless and too nervous to negotiate for peace as long as there is any chance to negotiate .
Yes indeed , we too can see a warlike host of infidels encamped against us .
If God be for us , who can be against us ? ?
and then , with this God on our side , we can face the whole world without fear .
Thus , while it remains possible that the Babylonians and/or the Pythagoreans may perhaps have had the magic square of three before the Chinese did , more definite evidence will have to turn up from the Middle East or the Classical World before China can lose her claim to the earliest known magic square by more than a thousand years .
The importance of this 5 can largely be explained by the natural mathematical properties of the middle number and its special relationship to all the rest of the numbers -- quite apart from any numerological considerations , which is to say , any symbolic meaning arbitrarily assigned to it .
According to this doctrine , the universe was ruled by Heaven , T'ien -- as a natural force , or in the personification of a Supreme Sky-god -- governing all things by means of a process called the Tao , which can be roughly interpreted as `` the Order of the Universe '' or `` the Universal Way '' .
A program of Lay Visitation Evangelism can end in dismal defeat with half the new members drifting away unless practical plans and strenuous efforts are made to keep them in the active fellowship .
It can mean the difference between participation and inaction , spiritual growth and decay .
The atmosphere for this momentous experience can be created most effectively through the worship experience .
new members can become participating , growing members .
The statement also points to a classic paradox : The more men turn toward God , who is not only in himself the paradigm of all unity but also the only ground on which human unity can ultimately be established , the more men splinter into groups and set themselves apart from one another .
Massacres attending the partition of India and the establishment of the State of Israel are simply recent grim evidences of the hostility such divisions can engender .
The only way that I can see is through communication .
Some interfaith tensions are not occasioned by theological differences at all , but by the need of men to have persons they can blame , distrust , denounce , and even hate .
It is difficult to say what can be done about them except that we must learn to recognize when it is they , rather than pretexts for them , that are causing the trouble , and do everything possible to nurture the healthy personalities that will prevent the development of such deficiencies .
`` What is the point '' , Charles Adams reports the Pakistanis as asking , `` in demanding an Islamic state and society if no one , not even the doctors of the sacred law themselves , can say clearly and succinctly what the nature of such a state and society is '' ? ?
Comparable trends can be noted elsewhere .
Of course , in prudential calculation , in balancing the good directly intended and done against the evil unintended and indirectly done , no greater precision can be forthcoming than the subject allows .
Yet it seems clear that there can be no good sufficiently great , or evil repelled sufficiently grave , to warrant the destruction of mankind by man's own action .
He does what he can and may and must , without regarding himself as lord of the future or , on the other hand , as covered with guilt by accident or unforeseen consequences or by results he did not `` permit '' in the sense explained .
and by deriving legitimate decision backward from whatever may conceivably or possibly or probably result , whether by anyone's doing or by accident , it finds itself driven to inaction , to non-political action in politics and non-military action in military affairs , and to the not very surprising discovery that there are now no distinctions on which the defense of justice can possibly be based .
But I can only make this choice because I believe that the risk need not increase , but may be deliberately reduced '' ( by precautions against accidents or by limiting war ? ?
Not to repel injury and uphold and improve pax-ordo means not simply to accept the misshapen order and injustice that challenges it at the moment , but also to start down the steep slope along which justice can find no place whereon to stand .
That is why it is so very important that ethical analysis keep clear the problem of decision as to `` permitted '' effects , and not draw back in fright from any conceivable contingency or suffer paralysis of action before possibilities or probabilities unrelated , or not directly morally related , to what we can and may and must do as long as human history endures .
What social , ethical and theological insights can the church and university help him bring to bear upon his situation ? ?
If we look about the world today , we can see clearly that there are two especially significant factors shaping the future of our civilization : science and religion .
How can we have the wisdom to meet such a new and difficult challenge ? ?
I won't try the experiment , but I think you can see that if we all knew the secret and we could all let ourselves go , there would be quite an explosion .
It is power with which we can literally rebuild the world , provide adequate housing , food , education , abundant living for everyone everywhere .
You can imagine what it would look like going out on the turnpike with the peas banked up against the houses and covering the cars ; ;
Now although an atom is small , we can still in imagination have a look at it .
And to see the meaning of this new picture , imagine that you can put on more powerful glasses and go back inside the atom and have a look at it in the way we view it today .
And as the waves flow back and forth and merge with the waves from the neighboring atoms , you can put on a magic hearing aid and you hear music .
Although a complete picture cannot be given , we can indicate some aspects of life into which the Christian faith entered as at least one creative factor .
At times we can say that it was the major factor .
What we can attempt with some hope of dependable conclusions is to point out the manner in which Christianity entered into particular aspects of the life of the nation .
But the `` marvelous person '' that is supposed to result from Zen exhibits more Chinese practicality than Indian speculation -- he possesses magical powers , and can use them to order nature and to redeem souls .
`` We hope '' , they said , `` that no family can be found amongst us without a correct version of the Holy Scriptures '' .
You can do likewise though Christ is not bodily present .
You can ignore Him .
You can ignore His Book , the Bible , and His church .
You can laugh at His blood-bought salvation , curse His followers , and laugh at hell .
As you can see , in this Push-Pull Super Set the entire chest-back-shoulder area is vigorously exercised in alternate sectors by alternate exercises so the complete torso remains pumped-up all the time ! !
he just can't do anything about it at all ! !
But as you can also see , it's not a painful exercise at all , because Henri De Courcy -- the `` happy '' bodybuilder -- looks as though he were having the time of his life ! !
So with four complete Push-Pull Super-Sets No. 1 , four of No. 2 , four of No. 3 and four to six sets of the Incline Bench Press , you can see that Henri De Courcy has had a terrific mass-building , muscle-shaping , torso-defining workout that cannot be improved upon .
Now good definition is one thing that all of us can acquire with occasional high-set , high-rep , light-weight workouts .
Indeed , a lighter weight works much better because a greater , more extensive split can be performed .
Try that late winter pickup when you are so tired of cold and snow that you feel you just can't take another day of it .
The tremendous energy released by giant rocket engines perhaps can be felt much better than it can be heard .
We must determine whether missiles can win a war all by themselves .
Therefore , if the target can significantly change its location in something less than 30 minutes , the probability of having destroyed it is drastically lowered .
Until this hunter-killer operation can be performed by spacecraft , manned aircraft appear to be the only means available to us .
The aircraft could be used to destroy other mobile , fleeting , and imprecisely located targets as well as the known , fixed and hardened targets which can also be destroyed by missile .
Nuclear rockets can destroy airfields with ease .
Here then is our problem : aircraft are vital to winning a war today because they can perform those missions which a missile is totally incapable of performing ; ;
Aircraft are mighty expensive if you can use them only once .
Build long-range aircraft which can take off from small ( 3,000-foot ) airfields with runways .
Large , long-range bombers can be developed which would have the capability to take off from 3,000-foot runways , but they would require more powerful engines than we have today .
If the target can change its position significantly during the 30 minutes the missile is in the air on its way , the probability of the missile destroying the target is drastically reduced .
With these keen `` eyes '' and small nuclear weapons delivered with accuracy , military forces can be directly attacked with minimum damage to urban areas .
On the basis of what they give us we can know how the young Caruso sang , appreciate the distinctive qualities of Parsifal under Karl Muck's baton , or sense the type of ensemble Toscanini created in his years with the New York Philharmonic .
( Music often sounds best to me when I can dress informally and sit in something more comfortable than a theatre seat .
Any alteration of one of these factors is distortion , although we generally use that word only for effects so pronounced that they can be stated quantitatively on the basis of standard tests .
Those accustomed to broader , more romantic statements of the symphony can be expected to react strongly when they hear this one .
`` The reason you are in the ring today is to show your ability to present to any judge the most attractive picture of your dog that the skillful use of your aids can produce .
This Class can be just as successful in the dog world if it is given a chance .
The Rio Grande KC is also considering having their Junior Classes set up so that Juniors can qualify with points for Westminster .
Once settled , we're careful to walk the dogs in an out of the way spot , keep them under control in the room , and feed and bench them where they can't do any harm to the furnishings or the furniture .
Are they indifferent to the fact that the dog can easily pick up germs from the preceding patient ? ?
They range from an eight-foot pram , which you can build yourself for less than $50 , to auxiliary sailboats which can cost over $100,000 .
In this respect , boats can be compared with houses .
There is no limit to what you can spend , yet it is easily possible to keep within a set budget .
You can cross an ocean in a fully equipped craft , sail , power , or both , or laze away a fine day in a small dinghy on a local pond .
These engines can be removed from a boat with relative ease , wherein lies their greatest advantage .
If your state has no provisions for the numbering of pleasure boats , you must apply for a number from the U.S. Coast Guard for any kind of boat with mechanical propulsion rated at more than 10 horsepower before it can be used on Federal waterways .
lack of ability and common sense can lead to just as much tragedy .
As America on wheels was responsible for an industry of motor courts , motels , and drive-in establishments where you can dine , see a movie , shop , or make a bank deposit , the ever-increasing number of boating enthusiasts have sparked industries designed especially to accommodate them .
The design of a mechanical interlocking frame is much like a mechanical puzzle , but once understood , the principles can be applied to any track and signal arrangement .
These can also move a short distance but at right angles to the tappets .
Here's how it can be built .
Number all the tappet bars before removing them so they can be replaced in the same slots .
Tend to make this dimension slightly undersize so you can file the screw head to get exactly 1/4'' '' tappet movement .
This tool can also be made with a lathe .
A guy can be an active and successful hot rodder for years without becoming even remotely involved with mathematical problems ; ;
It places the various factors involved in the problem in their correct order in relation to each other so that the influence of factors on each other can be computed .
However , it is essential that the various mathematical symbols used in the equations be understood so that the mathematical processes can be done properly and in their correct order .
Multiplication , subtraction , and addition can then be accomplished as they appear in the equation by starting at the left end of the equation and working toward the right .
The various mathematical processes can be simplified by carrying the results to only two or three decimal places .
The answers they give can often pave the way to performance increases and , quite often , are necessary for completing entry blanks for different events .
It is good to be able to compute displacement so that changes in it resulting from boring and stroking can be computed .
Cylinder volume can be determined mathematically but combustion chamber volume must be measured with a liquid .
However , the displacement of the cylinder can be converted to cubic centimeters .
Sometimes it is necessary to roughly calculate the square inch area of the opening but the calculation can usually be made with sufficient accuracy that it won't affect the final computation .
By using the appropriate version any one of these factors can be determined for any combination of the other three .
Tire size can be determined in several ways but the one that is the easiest and as accurate as any is by measuring the effective radius of a wheel and tire assembly .
She is owned by Ralph H. Kroening , Milwaukee , Wis. , who , according to the railbirds , can feel justly proud of her .
This colt is behind most of the other 2-year-olds in the Simpson stable but can show about as much pace as any of them .
Hustler ( Knight Dream-Torkin ) is a playful bay rascal of a colt , not the best gaited , but he surely can pace and is right there with them , and sometimes leading them , in the best miles .
Cathy J. Hanover ( Tar Heel-Kaola Hanover ) , formerly called Karet Hanover , has been rather a problem child , but is getting better all the while and can pace a twice around in about 2:31 .
While 2-year-olds are still gaining most of the attention at the track , green horses are starting to go a bit , and Jimmy Cruise has several that can really make it .
It can cut a red squirrel neatly in two or burst a crow into a flurry of feathers .
The most intriguing aspect of the S & W Magnum chambered for the new Jet is that it can also fire standard
You may therefore convert the gun into a small-game and plinking arm , although the difference in the point of impact ( Jet vs. rim-fire ) can be somewhat disconcerting .
You can unscrew this tube and replace it with a smoothbore insert for use with
A trap for throwing these miniature clays fastens to the barrel so that the shooter can throw his own targets .
You can have your choice of a seven-shot repeater , the 340TR ( about $40 ) or a single-shot , the 320TR ( $10 less ) .
They cantered down the peninsula , not slackening until the coach reached Woodside where the Santa Cruz uplands begin .
The rolling farms of Maryland , the peerless metropolis of New York City , the verdant mountains of Vermont can all be included in your Northeast vacation .
By automobile from New York , for example , you can take a one or two-day tour to Annapolis , Maryland to see the colonial homes and the U.S. Naval Academy ( where you can shoot the dress parade on Wednesdays ) ; ;
New England deserves as much of your vacation time as you can afford with such areas as Cape Cod providing wonderful beaches , artists' colonies and quaint townships .
From here you can easily include a side trip to the old whaling port of Nantucket , Massachusetts , which looks just as it must have two centuries ago .
Return through New England , stopping for a visit to Lake Champlain where you can take a boat ride and go to Ethan Allen Park .
Pictures can be taken in the public areas and when on tours .
Photos of Conference Rooms and the General Assembly Hall can be made when these rooms are not being used for meetings .
Along the 127-mile route through Great Smoky Mountains National Park you can photograph the breath-taking peaks , gorges and valleys which come into view at every turn .
Another spot with an image-provoking name is the Black Hills where you can visit the old frontier mining town of Deadwood .
In Missouri ( which we are including in our general Midwest region ) you can glance into Mark Twain's birthplace at Hannibal , see the landmarks of his life and writings and visualize where Huck Finn hatched his boyish mischief .
A tour of several of them is possible in a two-week vacation while a stay at just one of these natural beauty spots can be of equal reward .
Colorado's Grand Canyon , probably the most famous landmark of the United States , can be the highpoint of your Western vacation .
The round minarets , tall and graceful , rise from rectangular bases and have three platforms from which the muezzin can chant his call to prayer .
When you start the outdoor performance , you can stay outdoors without a dozen running trips into the kitchen .
The simplest grill ( pan type ) or inexpensive hibachi can make you a chef .
With them , you can carry steaks and hamburgers at refrigerator temperatures , and also get your frozen food for stews and chowders , to the marina or picnic , in A-1 condition .
You'll find , once your technique is perfected , that you can cook on a boat with a simple Bernz-O-Matic .
You can take it with you .
maybe a skillet , a basket of essentials like salt , pepper , plates , forks , knives and a can opener .
-- An unusual flavor can be achieved by marinating the franks in French dressing or a mixture of honey , lemon juice and brown sugar prior to the picnic .
1 large onion , chopped fine 2 tablespoons salad oil 1 8-oz. can crushed pineapple and 1/2 cup of the juice 1/4 cup brown sugar 2 tablespoons vinegar 1 tablespoon prepared mustard 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce pineapple chunks
Sweet-sour sauce can be kept warm over a second hibachi or chafing dish while charcoal in broiler is reaching glowing coal stage .
Savory sauerkraut : add several tablespoons of brown sugar to a can of sauerkraut .
Opaque cantaloupe and transparent wood brown were used .
Straight vertical edges , such as those at the back seam of a sock , can be woven together invisibly .
Menfolk can ride in the forward cockpit where the helmsman has a clear view .
Youngsters can sleep or amuse themselves safely in the large cabin which has 5-foot 11-inch headroom , bunks for three , galley and marine toilet .
The gals can sun themselves in the roomy aft cockpit .
Needless to say , you can't build Hotei in a couple of weeks .
Fairing is always a tedious job but the work can be cut down considerably with a Skill planer and a simple jig .
This can be obtained in 42-inch widths 24 feet long .
You can build this vacation cottage yourself .
It is a full scale , small , but efficient house that can become a year 'round retreat complete in every detail .
Because of the unique design by the architect Egils Hermanovski , you can build most of it in your own home workshop in your spare time .
We have developed an ingenious method of interlocking these so that you can make the major part of your house in your own workshop , panel by panel , according to plan .
Thus , when you have prepared your foundation and laid the floor , these can be trucked to the site and erected with a small crew of friends in a weekend .
The roof timbers are precut and the panels standard so that the house can be completely enclosed in a matter of three or four days .
Then you can do the finishing touches at your leisure .
This can usually be found out at the nearest town hall .
If there are any major restrictions , they usually can be obtained in printed form .
Will the view be something you can live with ? ?
Note : If 1/2-inch panel board is used inside and out , or 5/8-inch one side and 3/8-inch the other , and 1/8-inch glass is used , stock lumber in Af , Af , and Af can be used in making the glass panels .
There is often a means of locking the quill and , on larger presses , the table can be tilted .
On most drill presses , it is impossible to get the exact speed , but you can come close by adjusting the drive belt on the step-cone pulleys .
The adjustable fly cutter is very useful for cutting large diameter holes and can be used to cut exact-size discs by reversing the cutter blade .
Fly cutters can fool you into putting your hand too close to the tool , so if you want to avoid nicked fingers , keep your hands well out of the way .
The depth gauge rod can now be set , and any number of holes bored to exact and identical depth .
Position may not be everything , but in the case of a pool it can certainly contribute difficulties , social and/or physical .
You can also see that the greater the proximity of the pool to your main living quarters , the greater the chance for violation of family privacy , annoying noise and the let's-make-your-house-our-club attitude .
Yet a grassy approach can turn a pool into a floating lawn every time the grass is mowed .
No bottle pool is tolerated -- bottle pool being our lingo for those who come to swim and sink into our bar while protesting that they can only dunk and run .
We gently usher them to an island of tables and chairs strategically placed on the far side of the pool where they can amuse each other until we get ready to merge sides .
Our pools also have wide , shallow steps -- for the benefit of the littlest swimmers who can thus be introduced to the water with far greater safety than a ladder affords .
Of course , if your pool is close to the house , your wife can always add it to her housekeeping chores ( you hope ) .
Or you can make pool care the price of swimming for teen-agers .
You can hope against hope that come spring cleaning , your fair-weather friends will lend a hand at scrubbing and furbishing .
Two men can often do the installation in a day .
You can install it yourself -- this is a central system that will cool every part of your house .
The children can have their daytime naps and hot meals , and be put to bed on schedule in shade-darkened rooms .
You can forget about screens , and leave the storm windows up all year around .
Best of all , central air conditioning is something you can afford .
Like its long-lived cousin , the refrigerator , a conditioner can be expected to last 20 to 25 years or more .
It can go in out-of-the-way waste space .
If that's done , the house can be designed and oriented for best operation , and this can mean savings both in the size of equipment and in the cost of the house itself .
If you can't see your way clear to have summer cooling included when building , by all means make provision for its easy adding later .
If your house is to have a forced warm air system , cooling can be a part of it .
You can get year-'round air conditioners in the same variety of styles in which you buy a furnace alone -- high or low boy , horizontal or counterflow .
The units can be installed in basement , attic , crawlspace , or in a closet located in the living area .
You can get a hot water system that will also work for cooling your house .
In a long , rambling ranch , two such units can be installed , one serving the living area , the other the sleeping zone .
One of the more remarkable of the new cooling systems is one that can be switched to heating .
You can get this added heating feature for as little as $200 more than the price of cooling alone .
The body is a heat machine , and 20 to 25 guests can easily double your cooling load .
A BTU is a unit of heat , and the BTU rating of a conditioner refers to how much heat your machine can pump out of your house in an hour .
Before it cycles on again , humidity can build up and make you uncomfortable even though the temperature is still low .
Attention to details can cut in half the size unit you need and pare operating expense proportionately .
A well-designed , 1200-square-foot house can be comfortably cooled and heated for as little as $128 a year , or $11 a month .
If the house you plan to buy or build won't have big overhangs , you can still do a fair job of keeping the sun off walls and windows with properly designed trellises , fences and awnings .
Shade trees , too , are a big help , so keep them if you can .
The way a house is set on its lot can therefore influence how much cooling you're going to need .
A shift in the walls , or a change in the roof slope , so the sun hits them more obliquely , can save you money .
You can use heat-absorbing glass to stop the sun , double glass and insulated glass to combat condensation .
It's no use pretending that all conditioners are quiet , but the noise they produce can be kept to a minimum .
With such a program you can make constructive selections of the best sites available .
A visit to the site by a group of several persons can usually bring out new ideas or verify opinions most helpful to the planning study of any recreation area .
How well can the site be developed ? ?
Water interest is one of the most valuable factors you can find for a recreation site .
Other natural features which can be of high interest are the forests , canyons , mountains , deserts , seacoast , beaches , sand dunes , waterfalls , springs , etcetera with which the area is blessed .
A group of native trees or plants which are outstanding in a particular county can be featured at the site .
Each area has its own historical interests with which much can be done .
Those which tell a story of the earth's formation in each area can add geological interest to the recreation sites .
How well can the site be developed ? ?
Look at the physical features of the land to determine how desirable it is for use , what can be done to correct the faults , and what it will cost to make the area meet your needs in comparison to other sites .
-- The size of the area alone can be a determining factor .
I remember Ernest Bloch in the foyer , shouting in his high-pitched voice : `` it may be a tour de force , mais mon Dieu , can anyone take this music seriously '' ? ?
Nor can anyone be certain that Prokofieff would have done better , or even as well , under different circumstances .
Out of long experience I have found that incidental figures and other objects like trees , logs , and bushes can be traced from the original sketch and moved about in the major areas on the final sheet until they occupy the right position , which I call clicking .
`` Speed in painting a picture is valid only when it imparts spontaneity and crispness , but unless the artist has lots of experience so that he can control rapid execution , he would do well to take these first sketches and soberly reorder their design to achieve a unified composition .
From this point , I paint in as direct a manner as possible , by flowing on the washes with as pure a color mixture as I can manage .
In my studio I work at a tilt-top table , but leave the paper unfixed so that I can move it freely to control the washes .
Long observation has taught Mason that most landscape can be reduced to three essential planes : a foreground in sharp focus -- either a light area with dark accents or a dark one with lights ; ;
But if it is important , what can we do to improve ourselves ? ?
It is more than just lack of dance training that is our problem , for just as gymnastics can learn from dance , dance has some very important things to learn from gymnastics .
Another reason gymnastic study is valuable is that it can be started very early in life .
Dance teachers can respond to President Kennedy's request not only through their regular dance work , but also through the kind of basic gymnastic work that makes for strength and flexibility .
Those children who can chin themselves should be told to do one chin-up each time they pass under it .
When they can take ten seconds to accomplish the descent , they will have the strength to chin-up .
The push-up itself can be taught by starting at the top of the push-up with legs spread wide .
At first each child should do a kick-up by himself so that the teacher can determine those ready to work alone , and those who need help .
Eventually the class will be able to kick up high enough so that the teacher can catch the leading leg .
Later this can be combined with the handstand to provide a walkover .
Improvement can be measured by the lessening distance between toes and head .
This used to be part of every child's bag of tricks , but few children can do it today ; ;
For most small children , learning a forward roll is simply a matter of copying another child who can .
These are beginnings , but correctly learned they prepare for satisfying and exciting stunts that can be performed by a strong , flexible body ( we are not talking of eccentric extremes ) .
And dancing school , so helpful in artistic and psychological development , also contributes to this essential early training -- and can contribute even more .
The benefits electronics can bring to bio-medicine may be greater by far than any previous medical discovery .
This unit , affectionately dubbed `` The Monster '' , can be wheeled to any convenient location and provides a wealth of information about the patient's breathing .
From the resulting data the doctor can determine lung defects with hitherto unknown accuracy and detail .
Sonar can be used to measure the thickness of the heart by placing small crystal transducers at opposite sides of the heart or blood vessel and exciting one with some pulsed ultrasonic energy .
The Doppler effect , using ultrasonic signals , can be employed to measure the flow of blood without cutting into the blood vessel .
From this doctors can read heart rate , change in diameter , pressure , and effective heart power .
These frequencies are amplified and detected by the FM receiver after each burst of transmitted energy and , after the `` pill '' has been calibrated , precise internal pressure indications can be obtained .
One of the advantages of this method is that the `` pill '' can remain in the patient for several days , permitting observation under natural conditions .
He can diagnose detachment of the retina where conventional methods indicate blindness due to glaucoma .
Knowing specifically what the many feed additives can do and how and when to feed them can make a highly competitive business more profitable for beef , dairy , and sheep men .
Effectively controls cattle grubs which damage hides and can reduce gains .
Several materials or combinations of materials can be used to construct a satisfactory feed bunk .
This problem can force a change in marketing approach in many kinds of businesses .
To the manufacturer of the more convenient-type product -- the purchase of which can be switched , delayed , or put off entirely -- the implications are important .
How can you cash in on this fast-growing type of outlet and still maintain relationships with older existing outlets which are still important ? ?
If you have a higher-quality product , how can you make it stand out -- justify its premium price -- without the spoken word ? ?
In your sales force , will a smaller number of higher-priced , high-quality salesmen serve you best , or can you make out better with a larger number of lower-paid salesmen ? ?
Will your trade customers settle for less attention and fewer frills in return for some benefit they can share ? ?
Distribution costs are almost bound to increase in the sixties -- and you will never know what you can do to control them unless you study each element and experiment with alternative ways of doing the job .
If competition beats you to it , this exciting new product era can have real headaches in store .
Are there individuals in your organization who can shepherd a new product through to commercialization ; ;
who can develop reliable estimates of sales volume , production , and distribution costs ; ;
and translate the whole into profit and loss and balance sheet figures which management can act on with some assurance ? ?
With greater investments in plant facilities , with automation growing , you can't switch around , either in volume or in product design , as much as was formerly possible -- or at least not as economically .
Working in a vacuum of minimal information can result only in show pieces that look good in exhibitions and catalogs and may please the public relations department but have little to do with the essence of interior design .
Even the `` history of furniture '' can hardly be taught exclusively from photographs and lantern slides .
The professional organizations such as American Institute of Interior Designers , National Society of Interior Designers , Home Fashions League and various trade associations , can and do aid greatly in this work .
No one can deny that these `` back door '' admissions to membership provisions have been seriously abused nor that they have not resulted in the admission of downright incompetents to membership in supposedly learned societies .
This kind of irresponsibility toward their students can scarcely build a strong professional attitude in the future designer .
The proper correlation of the art with the academic can be achieved only if this standard is observed .
Can you consider restricting any additional employee benefits to those paid for by profit-sharing money , such as was done in the union contract recently signed by American Motors Corporation ? ?
Can your insurance company aid you in reducing administrative costs ? ?
Can staggered lunch periods relieve the capacity strain on your feeding facilities ? ?
If you use parking attendants , can they be replaced by automatic parking gates ? ?
If you provide inter-plant transportation , can this be replaced by available public transportation ? ?
Can they be re-scheduled ? ?
Can part-time drivers be assigned to other productive work ? ?
Can vacations be spaced throughout the 12 months to minimize the number of employee fill-ins ? ?
What can your sales and purchasing departments do to curtail orders , shipments , and receipts during vacation shutdown periods ? ?
Can you share medical facilities and staff with neighboring plants ? ?
If you have a full-time doctor now , can he be replaced with a part-time doctor or one who serves on a fee-per-case basis only ? ?
Can your plant nurse be replaced by a trained first-aid man who works full-time on some other assignment ? ?
Consider what you can afford to spend and what your goals are before setting up or revamping your employee benefit program .
These factors can make the difference between waste and efficiency in any benefit program .
This can be done by stories in your house organs , posters , special publications , letters to workers' homes as well as by word of mouth through your chain of command .
Check to see if some of your benefits -- such as on-the-job disability pay -- can be put on a direct payment rather than an insured basis at a savings to you .
It can put an end to marginal claims which play havoc with your insurance rates .
Coffee breaks can be a real headache if not regulated .
Vending machines can alleviate the long hike to the cafeteria during the break with resulting waste of production time .
Keep the retirement age flexible so skilled craftsmen such as tool and die makers can be kept on the job for the convenience of the company .
And so deadheads on the payroll can be eased out at the earliest possible age .
And they can at least collect the money they put in , plus interest , when they leave the company .
For example , the Friday after Thanksgiving can be substituted for Washington's birthday .
Here is the promise of a vacation trip they can afford .
The automobile expenses are about the only vacationing cost they can't either eliminate or pare down drastically by camping along the way .
Where Americans used to think of a single vacation each summer , they now think about how many vacations they can have .
forcing them into management can only create trouble .
What can be done for the `` individual contributor '' who is extremely important -- and likely to be more so -- in the operation of the technically oriented company ? ?
It is , as one engineer says , `` indeed a difficult thing for the engineer to accept that he can go as far on his technical merit as he could employing managerial skills .
This difficulty arises even though we can give examples of men who have actually followed this course .
It is doubtful that the complete solution to the over-all problem can result entirely from company efforts .
The major gets the assured gallonage for the life of the lease and the distributor apparently can do well because delivery cost is low .
Of course , you'll want to use the softest water you can in your radiators .
Dow says that the fluid can be used now for two years .
There's a good chance you are doubling on some coverage , not taking discounts coming to you and not cutting some corners that can be cut .
Look for these features which may mean you can save :
This means that if your insured vehicle is laid up for more than 30 days , insurance can be suspended and a proportionate return of your premium made to you .
Usually premium reductions can be obtained by applying deductibles to your liability plan .
There is much that many industries can continue to learn from some of the more recent developments described below .
Evidence of this trend can best be seen in the recent activities of such leading companies in the field as Advance Neon Sign Co. , Los Angeles , Calif. .
Panels with outdated copy are returned to the sign shop so a new message can be applied .
Thus the film can be applied to back-lighted translucent plastics faces ; ;
they can also be applied to opaque panels for use on cutouts , or they can be applied directly to painted bulletin faces .
You can save all that shimming time if you set your windows in one , two , three order -- first the stud on one side , then the window , then the stud on the other side .
That way he can truck his parts right indoors and unload them under the roof .
It makes it easy to handle much heavier units , so you can plan to build with much bigger and heavier prefabricated components like those shown in the pictures alongside .
It lessens the need for costly on-site fabrication and increases the chance for shop fabrication , where almost everything can be made better and cheaper .
For example , instead of putting in your driveways last ( as many builders do ) you can now save money by putting them in first .
Instead of closing the house in first ( as most builders do ) you can now cut your costs by not closing it in until you have to ( see p 121 ) .
But now many of these same builders are finding they can cut their costs more by teaming up with a dealer who has volume enough to afford the most efficient specialized equipment to deliver everything just where it is needed -- drywall inside the house , siding along the sides , trusses on the walls , roofing on the roof , etc. .
Practically all bulky housing products can now be ordered in standard units palletized or unitized for mechanical handling -- including lumber , asphalt shingles , glass block , face brick , plaster , lime , hardboard , gypsum wallboard and sheathing , cement , insulation sheathing , floor tile , acoustical tile , plaster base , and asbestos shingles .
`` With a 15,500-lb. fork-lift , dealers can unload unitized lumber from wide-door box cars for $.30/mbf compared with $1.65 or more to unload loose lumber one piece at a time '' , says James Wright of Aj .
More unitized lumber is being shipped on flat cars , and NLRDA studies show that flat cars loaded with the new Type 6-B floating-load method can be unloaded for as little as $.054/mbf .
This costs from $.75 to $2.30/mbf , but the cover can pay off if the lumber is to be stored in the open .
And it helps the builder because it can handle a more efficiently packaged load , can deliver it to the best spot ( in some cases , right on the roof or inside the house ) , and never takes any of the builder's high-priced labor to help unload it .
Reports Jim Lendrum : `` By studying men on the job , we found that two men -- a carpenter and a helper -- can lay a floor faster than three .
We found that three men -- two carpenters and a helper -- can put up wall panels or trusses more economically than four men -- because four men don't make two teams ; ;
We found that wherever you can use two teams on a job , five men , not four , is the magic number '' .
This is the most penny-wise , pound-foolish chisel a builder can commit .
You can relive history and follow , in fancy , the Crusaders in their quest for the Holy Grail as they sail out from Brindisi , an ancient town in the heel of Italy's boot .
For those who need or want and can afford another car , buying one and driving it on the grand tour , then shipping it home , is one popular plan for a do-it-yourself pilgrimage .
You can call one of the car rental services directly ( Hertz , Avis , Auto-Europe Nationalcar Rental , and others ) and ask them to reserve a car of your choice , and some transportation lines offer this service as well .
You can wait , of course , until you arrive in Europe before renting your car .
For those who plan to travel to Europe by one route and return by another some agencies offer a service whereby you can pick up a car in one city on arrival and leave it in another city , or even another country , when you are ready to return home .
If you plan to visit any of these countries , you can obtain your International Driving Permit before you leave at a nominal fee -- around $3.00 .
There is a fairly wide selection of models of English , German and French manufacture from which you can choose from the very small Austin 7 , Citroen 2 CV , Volkswagens , Renaults to the 6-passenger Simca Beaulieu .
In other words , like automation machines designed to work in tandem , they shared the same programming , a mutual understanding not only of English words , but of the four stresses , pitches , and junctures that can change their meaning from black to white .
but consider , if you can bear it , what might have happened if MacArthur , for some perverse , undaunted reason , had made the same remark to an Eskimo girl in Eskimo .
At a minimum , recording -- usually on tape , which is now in wide professional use -- brings the psychiatric interview alive so that the full range of emotion and meaning can be explored repeatedly by the therapist or by a battery of therapists .
Interpretation , naturally , remains the role of the therapist , but orientation -- not only the patient's vocal giveaways of geographical and socio-economic background , but also vocal but non-verbal giveaways of danger spots in his relationship to people -- can be considerably beefed up by the linguist .
The word that is not used can be as important as the word that is used ; ;
We can't expect any help from the fighters at Foggia , either .
I can't tell when , but I'm positive I witnessed this same scene of this particular gathering at some time in the past '' ! !
There is nothing to suggest that the brain can alter past impressions to fit into an original , realistic and unbroken continuity like we experience in dreams .
The entire concept of cerebral imagery as the physical basis of a mental image can find no logical support .
But then this theory confesses that it is completely at a loss as to how the image can possibly be received by the brain .
`` You can't make French toast with whole-wheat bread '' , was an early complaint .
Where can we get this cereal he likes so much '' ? ?
Miss Colman hopes to find suitable shakers so that kelp can be available at the tables .
Since the change to better nutrition , he feels he can report on improvements in health , though he considers the following statements observations and not scientific proof .
`` But Fogg '' , they countered , `` we can't get over there .
Also you can spell , without consulting a dictionary for every other word .
Actually , you can take no special credit for this .
You can sit back and moan and bewail your lot .
You can do this .
Many of you will say , `` Well , what can I do '' ? ?
If you can't think of a thing to do , try something -- anything .
I , frankly , can't draw a straight line .
Some women can sit and sew , crochet , tat or knit by the hour , and look calm and relaxed and turn out beautiful work .
Some people can carve most anything out of a piece of wood .
I can look at furniture in one spot year in and year out and really feel for sure that's where it belongs .
I can hear some of you folks protesting .
Travel , if you can .
It has been truly said that anything man can imagine he can produce or create by projecting this inner image into its counterpart in the objective world .
Not only can man project his imagination out into his environment in concrete forms , but even more importantly , he can turn it inward to help create new and better forms of himself .
We recognize that young people through imaginative mind and body training can become athletes , acrobats , dancers , musicians and artists , developing many potentialities .
We know that actors can learn to portray a wide variety of character roles .
By this same combination of the will and the imagination , each one of us can learn to portray permanently the kind of character we would like to be .
We must realize with Prof. Charles Morris in his The Open Self that `` Man is the being that can continually remake himself , the artisan that is himself the material for his own creation '' .
So far in history man has been too greatly over-occupied with projecting things into his environment rather than first creating the sort of person who can make the highest use of the things he has created .
Is not the present world crisis a race between things we have created which can now destroy us and between populations of sufficient wisdom and character to forestall the tragedy .
Various factors in the setting can still be of great advantage in making the first intercourse a good rather than a bad memory for one or both .
It is far better to have such conditions treated in advance than to have them show up on the honeymoon where they can create a really serious situation .
Folk-lore , superstition and remembered passages from erotic literature can create physical and emotional problems if blindly taken as scientific facts and useful hints .
Ruthlessness at this time can be a very severe shock to the bride , both physically and psychologically .
The necessity for keeping alert to his bride's hazards can act as an interference with the man's spontaneous desire .
Or the frequent need to check and discipline himself to the wisest pace of the consummation can put him off stride and make it impossible for him to be continuously ready for penetration over a long period .
This may require imagination and reminding himself that now he can be demanding and self-centered .
He can take security from the fact that the progress he has made by his gentle approach will not be lost .
Now while he uses talk , caresses or requires caresses from her , his bride will sympathetically understand the situation and eagerly help him restore his physical situation so they can have the consummation they both so eagerly desire .
Beyond a certain point , of course , no woman can be dominant -- nature has seen to that .
Yet many psychologists and marriage counselors agree that domination of the sex relationship by one partner or the other can be unhealthy and even dangerous .
It can , in fact , wreck a marriage .
`` A marriage can survive almost any kind of stress except an open and direct challenge to the husband's maleness '' , declares Dr. Calderone .
`` When the roles of husband and wife are reversed , so that the wife becomes leader and the husband follower '' , Dr. Linden says , `` the effects on their whole relationship , sexual and otherwise , can be disastrous '' .
Experts say the partners in marriages like these can almost be typed .
Hemmed in on the job and unable to assert himself , he uses the sex act so he can be supreme in at least one area .
Naturally no woman can ever completely monopolize the sexual initiative .
In some cases , however , domination of the sex act by one partner can be temporary , triggered by a passing but urgent emotional need .
Thus a man who is butting a stone wall at the office may become unusually aggressive in bed -- the one place he can still be champion .
In any case , Dr. Calderone remarks , such problems are a couple's own affair , and can't always be measured by a general yardstick .
After a few minutes he said , `` I can't use you if you dance like that .
`` You can't do this to us '' , Diane screamed .
Of course , her benevolence was limited to those who could afford it , but then there is a limit to what one person can do .
But as long as you can have treatment from my machine you have nothing to worry about .
He then sold her minerals to cure her kidney ailment , a can of sage `` to make her look like a girl again '' , and an application of plain mud to take her wrinkles away .
But the machine quack can cause far more than just suffering .
In such diseases as cancer , tuberculosis , and heart disease , early diagnosis and treatment are so vital that the waste of time by the patient with Doctor Fraud's cure-all gadget can prove fatal .
Moreover , the diabetic patient who relies on cure by the quack device and therefore cuts off his insulin intake can be committing suicide .
That's where device quackery can lead .
How can they tell whether a child needs orthodontic treatment ? ?
Malocclusion can also result if baby teeth are lost too soon or retained too long .
Correction can save teeth
`` For these and other reasons '' , says Dr. Brodie , `` orthodontics can prolong the life of teeth '' .
Badly placed teeth can also cause such a speech handicap as lisping .
What can 10-year-old Susan expect when she enters the orthodontist's office ? ?
`` If teeth are moved too rapidly , serious injury can be done to their roots as well as to the surrounding bone holding them in place '' , explains Dr. Brodie .
`` Moving one or two teeth can affect the whole system , and an ill-conceived plan of treatment can disrupt the growth pattern of a child's face '' .
`` Fortunately through our growth studies we have been able to see what nature does , and that helps us know what we can do '' .
Now a dentist can recommend extraction immediately .
To help prevent orthodontic problems from arising , your dentist can do these things :
He can correct decay , thus preventing early loss of teeth .
The mediums with whom the Parapsychology Foundation is working in this experiment are in a waking or only slightly dissociated state , so that the sitter can make comments , ask and answer questions , instead of talking with a `` control '' who speaks through an entranced sensitive .
All he can do is to be an objective and careful questioner , seeking to help the sensitive in clarifying and making more specific her paranormal impressions .
It is now harder to assume telepathy as a basis for the statements -- though research still does not know how far afield ESP can range .
Here again laboratory approaches are being evolved , for it is recognized how `` elastic '' these readings can be , how they can apply to many people , and are often stated in general terms all too easily applied to any individual's own case .
An interested sitter may think the sensitive has made a `` hit '' , describing something accurately for him , but can he really be sure that another sitter , hearing the same statement , would not apply it subjectively to his own circumstances ? ?
`` A journey '' , `` a little white house '' , `` a change of outlook '' , can apply to many people .
And even more complex items can be interpreted to conform to one's own point of view , which is by nature so personal .
If he is not told which of four or five readings was meant for him , he can more readily assess each item in a larger frame : `` Does that statement really sound as if it were for me , significant in my particular life ? ?
So each reading can be given a weight and each reading a score by adding up these weights .
And there are some positive results , though the final findings will not be known for a long time -- and then further research can be formulated .
Now when , so to speak , the cream has been skimmed off , and the items in the successful categories separated out , the sitter can be asked to consider and rate only this concentrated `` cream '' , where the sensitive is at her best .
If asked how she gets her impressions , she probably can only say that she `` just gets them '' -- some more vividly than others .
No matter how well work is planned , bad weather or unexpected setbacks can cause extra work that must be caught up .
It may not be profitable for a part-time farmer to own the labor-saving machinery that a full-time farmer can invest in profitably .
A part-time farmer needs unusual skill to get as high production per hen , per cow , or per acre as can be obtained by a competent full-time farmer .
The children can do chores adapted to their age and ability .
A part-time farmer and his family can use their spare time profitably .
Part-time farming can take comparatively little land , labor , and equipment -- or a great deal .
But consider also how much you and your family can keep up along with your other work .
If you have a year-round , full-time job you can't expect to grow much more than your family uses -- unless other members of the family do a good deal of the work or you hire help .
In deciding on the enterprises to be managed by family labor , compare the amount of labor that can be supplied by the family with the labor needs of various enterprises listed in table 1 .
List the number of hours the family can be expected to work each month .
You can keep your machinery investment down by buying good secondhand machinery , by sharing the cost and upkeep of machinery with a neighbor , and by hiring someone with machinery to do certain jobs .
Pond water can be filtered for human use , but most part-time farmers would not want to go to so much trouble .
If you can't tell , get help from your county agricultural agent or other local specialist .
Soil type , drainage , or degree of slope can make the difference between good crops and poor ones .
The value of the products you can raise on it .
List the kind and quantity of things the farm can be expected to produce in an average year .
Eichmann himself is a model of how the myth of the enemy-Jew can be used to transform the ordinary man of present-day society into a menace to all his neighbors .
This conclusion is based on two propositions : that man by the use of his reason can ascertain God's purpose in the universe and that God makes known His purpose by certain `` given '' physical arrangements .
Thus , man can readily deduce that the primary objective end of the conjugal act is procreation , the propagation of the race .
`` As to the necessity '' , the committee declared , `` for some form of effective control of the size of the family and the spacing of children , and consequently of control of conception , there can be no question .
A Reb stationed near Petersburg informed his mother : `` I need not tell you that I dodge pretty often for you can see that very plainly by the blots in this letter .
One can apply these facts to Britain in the late eighteenth and nineteenth centuries as she spread her dominion over palm and pine , and they can be applied again to the United States in more recent years .
As long as his material is Americana , can in some way be ascribed to the masses and appears `` democratic '' to his audience , he remains satisfied .
From all this we can now see that two streams of development run through the history of twentieth-century American folklore .
Both are primarily concerned with the uses that can be made of the material that the collector has found .
The commercial propagandist , who can't afford to be critical , gets along well with the amateur , from whom he feeds , but he frequently steps on the analyst's toes by refusing to keep his material genuine .
O'Banion was a complex and frightening man , whose bright blue eyes stared with a kind of frozen candour into others' .
Why , I can get them knocked off for half that much '' .
and everywhere can be found scars of earlier breaks once deeply buried .
I speak of `` the largest possible measure '' because any person who supposes that these conditions can be universally and perfectly achieved -- ever -- reckons without the inherent imperfectability of himself and his fellow human beings , and is therefore a dangerous man to have around .
It may be , of course , that such objectives can be pursued consisently with a policy designed to overthrow Communism ; ;
If we look at the situation this way , we can get an idea of Khrushchev's nightmarish worries -- or , at least , of the worries he might have if his enemies were disposed to exploit their advantage .
The contention needs to be formulated with much greater precision than it ever was during the campaign , but once that has been done , I fail to see how any serious student of world affairs can quarrel with it .
and even then , it is a concept that can be highly misleading .
Nobody can tell more closely how many villages there are .
Now they learn that men can change their surroundings , through their traditional village elders , without violence .
You can communicate in your own way .
Perhaps the Jewish students at Brooklyn College -- constituting 85 per cent of those who attend the day session -- can serve as a paradigm of the urban , lower-middle class Jewish student .
One can assume that some of the brightest boys are out of town .
This does give relief , as I can testify .
Mrs. Child , true to her word , helped place Anna and her four children with a Quaker family named Hathaway near Canandaigua , New York .
They can hire a horse and go ski-joring behind him , or move out to Oak Hill , where there's a lift .
The Lodge , built of hand-hewn virgin spruce , can handle fifty people for dining , sleeping , or lounging in its huge living room .
Students of the college who are candidates for the A.B. degree and can satisfy the academic requirements of the medical and business schools , may enter either of these associated schools at the beginning of senior year , thus completing the two-year postgraduate course in one year .
Undoubtedly far more can be done in the lower grades in this regard in the Negro schools .
However , the teacher can only go so far if the attitude of the community and the family is anti-intellectual .
Quite the contrary , as I can testify from personal experience as a former university president .
How can the vicious circle be broken ? ?
Practically all of these practical skills are of such a nature that a degree of mastery can be obtained in high school sufficient to enable the youth to get a job at once on the basis of the skill .
Of course , it can be argued that an ability to write English correctly and with some degree of elegance is a marketable skill .
In the city , he said , the waiting list for those who want to join the union is so long that unless a boy has an inside track he can't get in .
Soybean flour , grits , flakes , `` milk '' , and curd can be bought in the United States .
The demand for food is so great in the world that little arable land can be given over to growing the nonfood crops .
Sesame seed , which comes from the tall pods of a plant grown in Egypt , Brazil , and Central America , has a toasted-nut flavor and can be used in almost any dish calling for almonds .
`` That's the Colonel '' , he said , `` But I can't see the dogs '' .
The other misconception is that our ecumenical problems will be solved if only the knowledge of the church in its world-wide extension and its interdenominational connections , now comprehended by many national leaders , can be communicated to all congregations .
It is , he said , a bifocal vision , which can see both the near-at-hand and the distant and keep a Christian in right relation to both .
For example , the unwed mothers expressed their frustration with males who did not indicate more explicitly `` what it is they really want from a girl so one can act accordingly '' .
Here you can pick up a taxi or public transport to return to the center of the city .
By tipping the porter , you can see in the courtyard Borromini's unusual and fascinating trick in perspective .
Its lovely seventeenth-century ceiling frescoes , as well as the huge guards room with a tremendously high and beautifully carved wooden ceiling , can be seen Sundays ( 11:00 to 12:00 noon ) .
In the Piazza Navona there are many delightful cafes where you can sit , have a drink or lunch , and watch the fountains in the square .
( Along the way there , about one hundred yards on your right , you pass a simple restaurant , La Sacrestia , where you can have the best pizza in Rome .
He can retreat from his uneasiness in only one direction : into a callousness which very shortly becomes second nature .
White people hold the line as long as they can , and in as many ways as they can , from verbal intimidation to physical violence .
and that they can ignore what is happening in Northern cities because what is happening in Little Rock or Birmingham is worse .
He did not , as far as I can gather , find the South `` worse '' ; ;
Unless one takes refuge in the theory -- however disguised -- that Negroes are , somehow , different from white people , I do not see how one can escape the conclusion that the Negro's status in this country is not only a cruel injustice but a grave national liability .
What I find appalling -- and really dangerous -- is the American assumption that the Negro is so contented with his lot here that only the cynical agents of a foreign power can rouse him to protest .
It is a notion which contains a gratuitous insult , implying , as it does , that Negroes can make no move unless they are manipulated .
Motion-picture exhibitions took place in stores in a general atmosphere like that of the penny arcade which can still be found in such urban areas as Times Square .
A congregation survives only if it can sustain a socially homogeneous membership ; ;
that is , when it can preserve economic integration .
Religious faith can be considered a necessary condition of membership in a congregation , since the decision to join a worshiping group requires some motive force , but faith is not a sufficient condition for joining ; ;
they can lose higher- and lower-status members from the church without collapsing , but they need adequate recruits for the core stratum in order to preserve economic integration .
They survive only when they can recruit social and economic peers .
The rule of economic integration in congregational life can be seen in the missionary outreach of the major denominations .
it can also mean the assimilation of centers of power from an environment in order to strengthen an organization .
Churches can be strengthened through this process of co-optation so long as the environs of the church provide a sufficient pool of people who can fit the pattern of economic integration ; ;
The inner life of congregations will prosper so long as like-minded people of similar social and economic level can fraternize together ; ;
the schism between central city and suburb , Negro and White , blue collar and white collar can be viewed as symptomatic of this deeper polarization of trends in the metropolis .
It could be argued that only such neighborhoods can sustain religious activity , since worship presupposes some local stabilities .
Tampering with the Post Office may infuriate every voter who can write .
But come the next session of Congress , State can expect only that its summer guest will bite its hand when it goes to the Capitol asking money for diplomatic entertaining expenses abroad or for living expenses for its diplomats .
With its power to investigate , the Senate can paralyze the Secretary by keeping him in a state of perpetual testimony before committees , as it did with Dean Acheson .
Active alumnae have built a fine building on the campus where members can come and stay for a few days or longer and where they can have their social gatherings and professional meetings .
Graduates of this maid's school are much in demand and can always find work immediately .
This , however , is sufficient to show that more or less non-violent resistance and economic conflict ( if both sides are strong enough ) can be war of all against all no less than if other means are used .
One of the sit-in leaders has said : `` Nobody from the top of Heaven to the bottom of Hell can stop the march to freedom .
Not only should this provision be enforced but other economic and political actions might be taken which , this author believes , `` must surely be supported by every American who values the freedom that has been won for him and whose conscience is not so dominated by the lines in his account books that he can willingly and knowingly contribute to the enslavement of another nation '' .
Almost febrile in intensity , the principle has become worldwide in application -- unfortunately at the very time that nationalist fervors can wreak greatest harm .
Within their confines , moreover , technological and industrial growth has proceeded at an accelerated pace , thus increasing the cornucopia from which material wants can be satisfied .
Can thermonuclear war be set off by accident ? ?
Accidental war is so sensitive a subject that most of the people who could become directly involved in one are told just enough so they can perform their portions of incredibly complex tasks .
As an Air Force psychiatrist put it : `` You can't have dry runs on this one '' .
And no messages can be transmitted on these circuits until senders and receivers authenticate in advance , by special codes , that the messages actually come from their purported sources .
Additional codes can be used to challenge and counterchallenge the authentications .
Nobody can be absolutely certain of the answers .
All can be connected with the gold circuit from their homes .
His consoles can give him instant contact with more than seventy bases around the world and with every SAC aircraft .
The box is internally wired so the door can never be opened without setting off a screeching klaxon ( `` It's real obnoxious '' ) .
Once we send out the whole pie , they can put their pieces into it .
Unless all gadgets are properly operated -- and the wires and seals from the handles removed first -- no damage can be done .
I do not know if such a way of life can come to be a self-conscious challenge , but I suspect that it can .
Some chaps that know an area well can make their way by landmarks , a tree here , a wash here , a boulder there .
The stink is all the same to me , but I really think they can make one another out blindfolded '' .
That test , as President Kennedy forthrightly depicted it in his State of the Union message , will determine `` whether a nation organized and governed such as ours can endure '' .
It is well then that in this hour both of `` national peril '' and of `` national opportunity '' we can take counsel with the men who made the nation .
`` If you can conveniently let me have twenty dollars '' , he wrote one friend in 1791 when he was Secretary of the Treasury .
His first inaugural address speaks of `` my country whose voice I can never hear but with veneration and love '' .
As for progress , the `` backward South '' can boast of Baton Rouge , which increased its population between 1940 and 1950 by two hundred and sixty-two percent , to 126,000 , the second largest growth of the period for all cities over 25,000 .
but they can hardly deny that , exaggerated or not , the old panorama is dead .
As his disciples boast , even though his emphasis is elsewhere , Faulkner does show his awareness of the changing order of the South quite keenly , as can be proven by a quick recalling of his Sartoris and Snopes families .
He bases his approach on the belief that anything can follow anything .
An order can be chanced rather than chosen , and this approach produces an experience that is `` free and discovered rather than bound and remembered '' .
And any sequence can not only change its positions in the work but can even be eliminated from it altogether .
he adheres to its dictates as faithfully as he can .
Nothing can show more than this the immensity of the danger to democratic peoples that lies in even relatively slight deviation from their true concept of sovereignty .
When it comes to this , I shall prefer emigrating to some country where they make no pretence of loving liberty -- to Russia , for instance , where despotism can be taken pure , without the base alloy of hypocrisy '' ( His emphasis )
The one of 1861 made clear that in making their government the people were acting through their states , whereas the Preamble of 1787-89 expressed , as clearly as language can , the opposite concept , that they were acting directly as citizens .
The most effective political inventions seem to make maximum use of natural harbors and are aware that restraining breakwaters can play only a minor part in the whole scheme .
There are certainly large areas of understanding in the human sciences which in themselves and even without political invention can help to dispel our present fears .
This understanding provides a very simple example of the fact that one can eliminate fear without instituting any controls .
We have staved off a war and , since our behavior has involved all these elements , we can only keep adding to our ritual without daring to abandon any part of it , since we have not the slightest notion which parts are effective .
That , I thought , is at least one thing I can find out when we meet .
It is not a mess you can make sense of '' .
One can only speak of what is in front of him , and that now is simply the mess '' .
But now we can keep it out no longer , because we have come into a time when `` it invades our experience at every moment .
How can we make sense of this division ? ?
They withdraw to the underground of the slums where they can defy the precepts of legalized propriety .
indeed , it is maintained that the sexual element in jazz , by freeing the listener of his inhibitions , can have therapeutic value .
Instead of giving themselves spontaneously to the orgiastic release that jazz can give them , they undergo psychoanalysis or flirt with mysticism or turn to prostitutes for satisfaction .
Those who are sexually liberated can become creatively alive and free , their instincts put at the service of the imagination .
What they discuss with dialectical seriousness is the degree to which sex can inspire the Muse .
The professed mission of this disaffiliated generation is to find a new way of life which they can express in poetry and fiction , but what they produce is unfortunately disordered , nourished solely on the hysteria of negation .
Something of this can be learned from `` The Way To The Churchyard '' ( 1901 ) , an anecdote about an old failure whose fit of anger at a passing cyclist causes him to die of a stroke or seizure .
All such imitations of negative quality have given rise to a compensatory response in the form of a heroic and highly individualistic humanism : if man can neither know nor love reality as it is , he can at least invent an artistic `` reality '' which is its own world and which can speak to man of purely personal and subjective qualities capable of being known and worthy of being loved .
Similarly experience itself can be conventionalized so that people react to certain preconceived clues for behavior without awareness of the vitality of their experiential field .
When words can be used in a more fresh and primitive way so that they strike with the force of sights and sounds , when tones of sound and colors of paint and the carven shape all strike the sensibilities with an undeniable force of data in and of themselves , compelling the observer into an attitude of attention , all this imitates the way experience itself in its deepest character strikes upon the door of consciousness and clamors for entrance .
Underlying these conceptions of mimesis are certain presuppositions concerning the nature of primary human experience which require some exposition before the main argument can proceed .
But people can't be made to integrate , socialize ( the two are inseparable by Southern standards ) by law .
it can be changed ; ;
One can meet with aloofness almost anywhere : the THIDIU viewpoint , It Doesn't Affect Us ! !
You've already sent your daughter to Miss X's select academy for girls and your son to Mr. Y's select academy for boys , and you can be as liberal as you please with strict impunity .
A dear , respected friend of mine , who like myself grew up in the South and has spent many years in New England , said to me not long ago : `` I can't forgive New England for rejecting all complicity '' .
But can one , really ? ?
Can God be mocked , ever , in the long run ? ?
What he really wants is to find `` a sacred cause '' to which he can honestly devote himself .
The hero , who is himself , is represented as a pilgrim in the storied lands of the East , a sort of Faustus type , who , to quote from Professor Book again , `` even in the pleasure gardens of Sardanapalus can not cease from his painful search after the meaning of life .
In scope and power it can only be compared to Tolstoy's War And Peace .
Surrounded by crime and violence everywhere , the `` hardboiled '' private eye can retain his purity only through a life of self-imposed isolation .
However , for convenience we will stick to the idea that information can be classified according to Table 1 .
The completeness of the connections provide that , for N people , there are Af lines of communication between the pairs , which can become a large number ( 1,225 ) for a party of fifty guests .
We assume for this illustration that the size of the land plots is so great that the distance between dwellings is greater than the voice can carry and that most of the communication is between nearest neighbors only , as shown in Figure 2 .
Since the hazards of poor communication are so great , p can be justified as a habitable site only on the basis of unusual productivity such as is made available by a waterfall for milling purposes , a mine , or a sugar maple camp .
This monitoring is necessary because , on a parade ground , everyone can hear too much , and without monitoring a confused social event would develop .
The assumptions upon which the example shown in Figure 3 is based are : ( A ) One man can direct about six subordinates if the subordinates are chosen carefully so that they do not need too much personal coaching , indoctrinating , etc. .
This is an unsolved problem which probably has never been seriously investigated , although one frequently hears the comment that we have insufficient specialists of the kind who can compete with the Germans or Swiss , for example , in precision machinery and mathematics , or the Finns in geochemistry .
We hear equally fervent concern over the belief that we have not enough generalists who can see the over-all picture and combine our national skills and knowledge for useful purposes .
This problem of the optimum balance in the relative numbers of generalists and specialists can be investigated on a communicative network basis .
But , for practical purposes , we have people who can be considered as such .
And I select this sentence as its pertinent summation : `` in essence the drama of his ( Eisenhower's ) Presidency can be described as the ordeal of a nation turned conservative and struggling -- thus far with but limited and precarious success -- to give effective voice and force to that conservatism '' .
What I am here to do is to report on the gyrations of the struggle -- a struggle that amounts to self-redefinition -- to see if we can predict its future course .
One of the obvious conclusions we can make on the basis of the last election , I suppose , is that we , the majority , were dissatisfied with Eisenhower conservatism .
Here there may be an analogy with cancer : we can detect cancers by their rapidly accelerating growth , determinable only when related to the more normal rate of healthy growth .
Hence the prime issue , as I see it , is whether a democratic or free society can master technology for the benefit of mankind , or whether technology will rule and develop its own society compatible with its own needs as a force of nature .
But even if we cannot see the repulsive characteristics in this new image of America , foreigners can ; ;
So we are faced with a vast network of amorphous entities perpetuating themselves in whatever manner they can , without regard to the needs of society , controlling society and forcing upon it a regime representing only the corporation's needs for survival .
Avoiding runaway technology can be done only by assuring a humane society ; ;
Such genuine human leadership the proprietorship can offer , corporations cannot .
It can project long-range goals for itself .
Proprietorships can establish a unity and integrity of control ; ;
Proprietorships can establish a meaningful identity , representing a human personality , and thus establish sincere relationships with customers and community .
Men continuously at the head of growing enterprises can acquire experiences of the most varied , complicated and trying type so that at maturation they have developed the competence and willingness to accept the personal responsibility so sorely needed now .
If we cannot stop warfare in our own economic system , how can we expect to abolish it internationally ? ?
Can they stand rigid scrutiny ? ?
But is the result new barnsful of tested knowledge on the basis of which we can with confidence solve our domestic and international problems ? ?
In truth , we can say that this broke the power of Senator Joseph McCarthy , who was finally exposed in full light to the American people .
Debate in the political arena can be productive of good .
But it is a clumsy and wasteful process : it can produce negative results but not much that is positive .
In the field of the natural sciences , scientifically verified data are quite readily available and any discussion can be shortened with good results .
In the field of the social sciences a considerable fund of tested knowledge has been accumulated that can be used to good advantage .
In no other situation would a group of doctors , struggling competently to improve the life expectancy of a man beloved by the world , be subjected to such merciless and persistent questioning , and before they were prepared to demonstrate the kind of verbal precision which alone can clarify for mankind the problems it faces .
And though we can look back now and see their errors , we can look back also to the ultimate error .
Yet the attitude that the fate of the Presidency demands in such a situation is quite distinct from the simple courage that can proceed with battles to be fought , regardless of the consequences .
Only when that term is ended and he is a private citizen again can he be permitted the freedom and the courage to discount the dangers of his death .
He ascribes to the mercy of God the peace which this personal matter -- the assurance that he can physically sustain the burden of the office longer than any individual in the history of our nation has been able to do -- has brought him .
Only by means of an intensive preoccupation with the detailed considerations following from any decision can he ensure attention to the practical details to be dealt with if the implications of immorality in the major decision are effectively to be checked .
Like Lincoln , he can distinguish his relation to God from the constitutional responsibilities a questionable decision exacts of him .
Like Roosevelt , he can distinguish an attitude toward a Russian leader he may share with a host of Americans from the responsibilities diplomatic convention may impose upon him .
The capacity for making the distinctions of which diplomacy is compact , and the facility with language which can render them into validity in the eyes of other men are the leader's means for transforming the moral intuition into moral leadership .
Only recently , and perhaps because a television debate can so effectively dramatize President Kennedy's extraordinary mastery of detail , have the abilities on which the capacity for making distinctions depend begun to be clearly discernible at the level of politics .
There the community , faced with the need to formulate policy on the level of absolute justice , can find the answer to its problem in the absolute truth which it holds as partially experienced .
Precisely at the moment when it has lost its vision the mind of the community turns out from itself in a search for the ontological standard whereby it can measure itself .
Thus , it is no mystical intuition , but an analyzable conception to say that man and his tradition can `` fall out of existence '' .
This means that the inception of change itself can begin only when the factors conducive to change have already become more powerful than those anchoring the existent form in being .
The most reaction can achieve is stasis , and a stasis that can be maintained only by the expenditure of an effort which ultimately exhausts itself .
Now we can argue that the irresistible fate of Oedipus Rex was nothing more than the irresistible unconscious longings of Oedipus projected outward , but this externalization of unconscious conflict makes all the difference between a story and a clinical case history .
We can also argue that the three brothers Karamazov and Smerdyakov were the external representatives of an internal conflict within one man , Dostoevsky , a conflict having to do with father-murder and the wish to possess the father's woman .
Whatever the psychological truth in the Oedipus myth , an Oedipus who is drawn to his fate by irresistible external forces can carry the symbol of humanity and its archaic crime , and the incest that is unknowing renews the mystery of the eternal dream of childhood and absorbs us in the secret .
And if we understand the rocking as an erotic symbol we can also see how well it serves as the symbol of impending tragedy .
But a writer who has a taste for irony and who sees incest in all its modern dimensions can let his imagination work on the disturbing joke in the incest myth , the joke that strikes right at the center of man's humanness .
He has employed from his section rich immediate materials which in a loose sense can be termed Southern .
Without saying or seeming to say that in portraying the Sartoris and the Compson families Faulkner's chief concern is social criticism , we can say nevertheless that through those families he dramatizes his comment on the planter dynasties as they have existed since the decades before the Civil War .
One of the early humorists already mentioned , Thomas Bangs Thorpe , can be used to illustrate another point where Faulkner touches authentic Southern materials and also earlier literary treatment of those materials .
As a Humanist , Dr. Huxley interests himself in the possibilities of human development , and one thing we can say about this suggestion , which comes from a leading zoologist , is that , so far as he is concerned , the scientific outlook places no rigid limitation upon the idea of future human evolution .
Even if people do , in a not far distant future , begin to read one another's minds , there will still be the question of whether what you find in another man's mind is especially worth reading -- worth more , that is , than what you can read in good books .
He can sacrifice himself for tomorrow and he can sacrifice tomorrow for himself .
There is essential pleasantness in reading the writing of men who are not angry , who can contend without quarreling .
One thing you can say about Mr. Lyford is that he does not suffer from any insecurity as an American .
If our sincerity is granted , and it is granted , the discrepancy can only be explained by the fact that we have come to believe hearsay and legend about ourselves in preference to an understanding gained by earnest self-examination .
We feel uncomfortable at being bossed by a corporation or a union or a television set , but until we have some knowledge about these phenomena and what they are doing to us , we can hardly learn to control them .
The men who speculate on these institutions have , for the most part , come to at least one common conclusion : that many of the great enterprises and associations around which our democracy is formed are in themselves autocratic in nature , and possessed of power which can be used to frustrate the citizen who is trying to assert his individuality in the modern world '' .
Of one thing we can be sure : they were not sketched out by the revolutionary theorists of the eighteenth century who formulated the political principles and originally shaped the political institutions of what we term the `` free society '' .
No doubt there are historians who can explain to a great extent what happened to the plans and projects of the eighteenth century .
Without careful qualification this can be misleading .
Analogously , anyone who argues that Einstein's theory of gravitation is simpler than Newton's , must say rather more to explain how it is that the latter is mastered by student-physicists , while the former can be managed ( with difficulty ) only by accomplished experts .
The Axioms required to make the theoretical machinery operate are set out tersely and powerfully , so that all permissible operations within the theory can be traced rigorously back to these axioms , rules , and primitive notions .
But , considered within technical astronomy , a different pattern can be traced .
She had the opportunity that few clever women can resist , of showing her superiority in argument over a man .
She was exposing herself to temptation which it is best to avoid where it can consistently be done .
the moral powers no more than the physical and mental , can bear overstraining .
The misery of Miriam's bitterness can be felt today by anyone who studies the case -- it was hopeless , agonizing , and destructive , with Miriam herself bearing the heaviest burden of shame and pain .
Miriam had not yet goaded him into mentioning her directly , but one can feel the generalized anger in Wright's remarks to reporters when he was asked , one morning on arrival in Chicago , what he thought of the city as a whole .
how can he be financed so that he can find the work he ought to do ? ?
If Mrs. Wright doesn't accept the terms in the morning , I'll go either to Tokyo or to Holland , to do what I can .
Here Wright gave a slight sigh of weariness , and continued , `` It means more long years lived across the social grain of the life of our people , making shift to live in the face of popular disrespect and misunderstanding as I best can for myself and those dependent upon me '' .
Perhaps the mere fact that by plucking on the nerves nature can awaken in the most ordinary of us , temporarily anyway , the sleeping poet , and in poets can discover their immortality , is the most remarkable of all the remarkable phenomena to which we can attest ? ?
One can see it as humiliating that an extra hormone casually fed into our chemistry may induce us to lay down our lives for a lover or a friend ; ;
one can take it as no more than another veil torn from the mystery of the soul .
But all this , I am well aware , is the bel canto of love , and although I have always liked to think that it was to the bel canto and to that alone that I listened , I know well enough that it was not .
I can see us now .
But I can see from this latest trick of memory how much more arbitrary and influential it is than the will .
Helpless in that sense I can never be again .
But when these expectations are once too often ground into the dust , innocence can falter , since its strength is according to the strength of him who possesses it .
Well you can pose inside .
A rich nation can for a time , without noticeable damage to itself , pursue a course of self-indulgence , making its single goal the material ease and comfort of its own citizens -- thus repudiating its own spiritual and material stake in a peaceful and prosperous society of nations .
Moreover , progress in a national transformation can be only gradually earned ; ;
As a nation we can successfully pursue these objectives only from a position of broadly based strength .
`` You know '' , the lawyer said , `` it's difficult to talk like this about a man who can't answer back '' .
No organization can carry on like that .
`` I've been in government and I can tell some pretty hairy stories about personnel difficulties , so I know what a problem he was '' .
You can find it in the papers '' .
I can hardly think of this simple fare without exclaiming , oh , what a luxury .
`` He looks as feminine as you can imagine '' , she decided .
It is , however , a disarming disguise , or perhaps a shield , for not only has Mercer proved himself to be one of the few great lyricists over the years , but also one who can function remarkably under pressure .
`` I can tell you this much '' , he said .
I still have the dress , and I hope to give it to the Smithsonian Institution as a memento , or , as I more fondly hope , to present it to a museum containing articles showing the daily lives of the Presidents -- if I can get it organized .
You can imagine that he got pretty good service .
Conventional images of Jews have this in common with all perceptions of a configuration in which one feature is held constant : images can be both true and false .
In accounting for realism or distortion two sets of factors can be usefully distinguished : current intelligence ; ;
Since we can neither undo nor redo the past , we are limited to the events of today and tomorrow .
the process can be accelerated .
As more men and women are made capable of living up to the challenge of decency the chances are improved that the pattern of predisposition prevailing in positions of strength in future crises can be favorably affected .
An advantage of being exposed to such specificity about an important and recurring feature of social reality is that it can be taken advantage of by the reader to examine covert as well as overt resonances within himself , resonances triggered by explicit symbols clustering around the central figure of the Jew .
In fact , I can only say this seems to me to follow from a wide , continuous , and properly guided exposure to literary art .
By an effort of historical sympathy we can cast our minds back into the art of a remote past or an alien present , and enjoy the carvings of cavemen and Japanese colour-prints ; ;
Of course , it goes without saying that no student of ideas can justifiably ignore the contemporary scene .
But , in general , we may argue that the student can direct the primary emphasis of his attention toward one or the other .
After all , Shelley is no `` orthodox '' or Hellenic Platonist , and even his `` romantic '' Platonism can be distinguished from that of his contemporaries .
`` History has this in common with every other science : that the historian is not allowed to claim any single piece of knowledge , except where he can justify his claim by exhibiting to himself in the first place , and secondly to any one else who is both able and willing to follow his demonstration , the grounds upon which it is based .
Certainly one of the most important comments that can be made upon the spiritual and cultural life of any period of Western civilization during the past sixteen or seventeen centuries has to do with the way in which its leaders have read and interpreted the Bible .
A contrast of the scripture reading of , let us say , St. Augustine , John Bunyan , and Thomas Jefferson , all three of whom found in such study a real source of enlightenment , can tell us a great deal about these three men and the age that each represented and helped bring to conscious expression .
We must avoid the notion , suggested to some people by examples such as those just mentioned , that ideas are `` units '' in some way comparable to coins or counters that can be passed intact from one group of people to another or even , for that matter , from one individual to another .
If within one year you can make a success out of the American , you can practically name your own salary thereafter .
`` Mr. Lane '' , Hearst said , `` if you ever wish anything that I can do , all you will have to do will be to send me a telegram asking , and it will be done '' .
`` Mr. Hearst '' , Lane replied as he left , `` if you ever get a telegram from me asking you to do anything , you can put the telegram down as a forgery '' .
There can be little doubt that there was a conspiracy in Washington , overt or implied , to block anything Hearst wanted , even if it was something good .
`` Does any sane Democrat believe that Mr. Hearst , a person unknown even to his constituency and his colleagues , without a word or act in the public life of his country , past or present , that can be shown to be his to commend him , could by any possibility be elected President of the United States ? ?
If it is not one of his best books , it can only be considered unsatisfactory when compared with his own Garibaldi .
`` But if there is no line , how can there be two countries ? ?
I've had a trying day and I just can't make it out again '' , I told them .
In any case , she told Thompson that she saw no reason why he might not see Katie again , `` now that this frank explanation has been made & no one can misunderstand '' .
The publication of Father Connolly's The Man Has Wings has made more of the group available in print so that a general picture of what it contained can now be had without difficulty .
Taking into account Thompson's capacity for self-dramatization and the possibility of a wish to identify his own life with the misfortunes of other poets who had known unhappy loves , there can be no doubt about his genuine emotion for Katie King .
Furthermore I can identify each design .
How can a cat be thin in a fish restaurant ? ?
If Robinson was a liar and a slanderer , he was also a very canny gentleman , for nothing that Pike could do would pry so much as a single word out of him .
From his first bout with the canny Woodruff , Pike had learned that it was better not to attack him directly , so , harping on the theme that the cost of printing was too high , he condemned the governor for permitting such a state of affairs to exist .
One can imagine that with her and Gorton there it was no place for anyone with weak nerves .
`` But why in the name of God can't I give my father blood '' ? ?
`` Why can't I , Doctor '' ? ?
In my experience the assurance of forgiveness comes only when I have confessed to the wronged one and have made as full reparation as I can devise .
We can conceive of no alternatives .
Neither the engineer nor the ordinary citizen feels any self-consciousness in obeying the laws of matter and energy , nor can he achieve a sense of self-righteousness in such obedience .
Above all read in Jens Bjerre's The Last Cannibal Show the old man of the Wailbri tribe ( not cannibals ) in central Australia gave to the white man his choicest possession , while the tears streamed down his face .
Criticism is as old as literary art and we can set the stage for our study of three moderns if we see how certain critics in the past have dealt with the ethical aspects of literature .
Only those story tellers will remain who can `` imitate the style of the virtuous '' .
We can be virtuous only if we control our lower natures , the passions in this case , and strengthen our rational side ; ;
for if this can be proved we shall surely be the gainers -- I mean , if there is a use in poetry as well as a delight '' .
The Chicago contingent of modern critics follow Aristotle so far in this direction that it is hard to see how they can compare one poem with another for the purpose of evaluation .
The point is that an ethical critic , with an assist from Freud , can seize on this theory to argue that tragedy provides us with a harmless outlet for our hostile urges .
And we can add that Krutch's interpretation of purgation is also one answer to Plato's fear that poetry will encourage our passions .
He warns that a single glance can lead us into temptation , for `` Looking eies have lyking hartes , and lyking hartes may burne in lust '' .
hence changes in attitudes and values can be analyzed for identical individuals at two points in time .
Within the fixed frame of these aspirations , they can afford to place a high value on the expressive and people-oriented aspects of occupation and to minimize the instrumental-reward values of power , prestige , and wealth .
If there be a disinterested patriot in America , 'tis General Washington , and his bravery , none can question '' .
Even so , Edward's ambassadors can scarcely have foreseen that five years of unremitting work lay ahead of them before peace was finally made and that when it did come the countless embassies that left England for Rome during that period had very little to do with it .
He was a learned and brilliant man , one of the best jurists in Europe and with flashes of penetrating insight , and yet in his dealings with other people , particularly when he tried to be ingratiating , he was capable of an abysmal stupidity that can have come only from a complete incomprehension of human nature and human motives .
The jug stayed at the hospital and the water -- what can happen to water ? ?
In sum , it can be said that the techniques and standards of present day have their origin at the turn of the century .
As Sir Charles Oman once said , `` it is no longer fashionable to declare that we can say nothing certain about Old English origins '' .
Now omitting for a moment some recent developments we can say the Saxon Shore hypothesis of Lappenberg and Kemble has undergone virtual eclipse in this century .
It might be well to consider the literary evidence first because it can provide us with an answer to one important question ; ;
But it can no longer be so once Benjamin Franklin ( the incarnation of the new rational man ) has flown a kite to it .
There can be no greater magic than to wrest from death her in whom the flesh was all , in whom beauty was entirely pure because it was entirely corruptible .
`` If you can firmly make the good knight sure to pleasure our Corporation '' , Sturley wrote , `` besides that ordinary allowance for your diet you shall have 20 for recompence '' .
Wherefore I thynke yow maye doo good yff yow can have money '' .
When the historian encounters a situation in which he can perceive no visible cause and effect sequence , he should be alert to intuition and unconscious instinct as possible guides .
Then , all but blind , he said there was nothing in Back to Methuselah -- , -- `` G.B.S. ought to have known that '' , -- and `` I look at my bookshelves despairingly , knowing that I can have nothing more to do with them '' .
Harcourt replied : `` I do really hope you can achieve serenity in the course of time .
Of course I hope Hal can also , but those hopes are much more faint '' .
That is , if we can trust that most specious of prolusions , packed as it is with wit and persiflage .
the prolusion in which the autobiographic statement about the epithet occurs is such a mass of intentionally buried allusions that almost nothing in it can be accepted as true -- or discarded as false .
Perhaps his most important private activity was the combination of reading , discussion with a few -- if we can trust his writings to Diodati and the younger Gill , very few -- congenial companions .
Writers of this class of science fiction have clearly in mind the assumptions that man can master the principles of this cause-and-effect universe and that such mastery will necessarily better the human lot .
In Arthur Clarke's Childhood's End ( 1953 ) , though written after the present flood of dystopias began , we can see the bright vision of science fiction clearly defined .
Because of the means of publication -- science-fiction magazines and cheap paperbacks -- and because dystopian science fiction is still appearing in quantity the full range and extent of this phenomenon can hardly be known , though one fact is evident : the science-fiction imagination has been immensely fertile in its extrapolations .
Walter M. Miller , Jr.'s , A Canticle For Leibowitz ( 1959 ) finds men , after the great atomic disaster , stumbling back to their previous level of civilization and another catastrophe ; ;
How effectively these warnings can be presented is seen in Pohl and Kornbluth's The Space Merchants , Vonnegut's Player Piano and Wyndham's Re-Birth .
If man is actually the product of his environment and if science can discover the laws of human nature and the ways in which environment determines what people do , then someone -- a someone probably standing outside traditional systems of values -- can turn around and develop completely efficient means for controlling people .
But the only ideal he can think of is `` Sales '' ! !
No good can come of contemplating the sad , inevitable fact that once youth has passed `` a worse and worse time still succeeds the former '' .
Many readers of this department no doubt discount certain of my opinions for the simple reason that they can guess pretty accurately , even if they have never actually been told , what my age is .
That fact is very clearly illustrated in the case of the many present-day intellectuals who were Communists or near-Communists in their youth and are now so extremely conservative ( or reactionary , as many would say ) that they can define no important political conviction that does not seem so far from even a centrist position as to make the distinction between Mr. Nixon and Mr. Khrushchev for them hardly worth noting .
so that , although not as eager as I once was to be disapproved of , I can still resist prevailing opinions .
But he , as I can now retort , was the man who could see so short a distance ahead that after a visit to Russia he gave voice to the famous exclamation : `` I have seen the future and it works '' .
I would , however , like to suggest that , wrong though I may be , the tendency to see dilemmas rather than solutions is one of which I have been a victim ever since I can remember , and therefore not merely a senile phenomenon .
It is not something that can be expected to happen now .
Punishment of the wrongdoer , so liberals are inclined to say , can have only three possible justifications : revenge , reformation or deterrent example .
But as he remarks in his preface to The Walnut Trees , `` a novel can hardly ever be rewritten '' , and `` when this one appears in its final form , the form of the first part will no doubt be radically changed '' .
Malraux , to be sure , does not abandon the world of violence , combat and sudden death which has become his hallmark as a creative artist , and which is the only world , apparently , in which his imagination can flame into life .
From this point of view the `` militant mobs '' of the past , stirred into action by one ideology or another , were all composed of `` intellectuals '' -- and this is not the level on which the essence of mankind can be discovered .
Central Asia is sunk in a somnolence from which nothing can awaken it ; ;
In a pessimistic assessment of the cold war , Eden declared : `` There must be much closer unity within the West before there can be effective negotiation with the East '' .
Obviously , the `` private eye '' can have no more appeal for Patchen .
Oh , can't hold the han' of my love ! !
Can't hold her little white han' ! !
Oh , can't hold the han' of my love ! !
Can't hold her pure little han' ! !
And again , `` how can you write when you haven't yet read ' Bartleby The Scrivener ' '' ? ?
) when Krim says mine was as severe a critical-intellectual , environment as can be imagined , he is off his rocker .
That is how the real routine of resistance goes on , and its strength is directly proportionate to the number of insignificant people who can let themselves be taken to pieces , piece by piece , without quitting .
Like every Southerner I can't escape the romantic tradition of brave defeats , forlorn lost causes .
SBA can make complete facilities inventories of all small business concerns in labor surplus areas within budgetary and staff limitations .
Available , on request , from U.S. Department of Agriculture , Washington 25 , D.C. , are : Cooperative Farm Credit Can Assist In Rural Development ( Circular No. 44 ) , and The Cooperative Farm Credit System ( Circular No. 36-A ) .
We can help in the planning process
Neither growth nor a development program can be imposed on a country ; ;
Nevertheless , we can administer an aid program in such a manner as to promote the development of responsible programing .
First , we can encourage responsibility by establishing as conditions for assistance on a substantial and sustained scale the definition of objectives and the assessment of costs .
Second , we can make assistance for particular projects conditional on the consistency of such projects with the program .
Third , we can offer technical help in the formulation of programs for development which are adapted to the country's objectives and resources .
At the other end of the spectrum , where the more advanced countries can be relied upon to make well thought through decisions as to project priorities within a consistent program , we should be prepared to depart substantially from detailed project approval as the basis for granting assistance and to move toward long-term support , in cooperation with other developed countries , of the essential foreign exchange requirements of the country's development program .
External aid can only be marginal , although the margin , as in the case of the Marshall plan , can be decisive .
External aid can be effective only if it is a complement to self-help .
U.S. aid , therefore , should increasingly be designed to provide incentives for countries to take the steps that only they themselves can take .
Open societies can take many forms , and within very broad limits recipients must be free to set their own goals and to devise their own institutions to achieve those goals .
Once we have made clear that we are genuinely concerned with a country's development potential , we can be blunt in suggesting the technical conditions that must be met for development to occur .
Some of the most dramatic successes of Communism in winning local support can be traced to the identification -- correct or not -- of Communist regimes with personal honesty and pro-Western regimes with corruption .
The United States can use its aid as an incentive to self-help by responding with aid on a sustained basis , tailored to priority needs , to those countries making serious efforts in self-help .
In many instances it can withhold or limit its aid to countries not yet willing to make such efforts .
In several significant cases , such as India , a decade of concentrated effort can launch these countries into a stage in which they can carry forward their own economic and social progress with little or no government-to-government assistance .
Meantime , over the decade of the sixties , we can hope that many other countries will ready themselves for the big push into self-sustaining growth .
In still others which are barely on the threshold of the transition into modernity , the decade can bring significant progress in launching the slow process of developing their human resources and their basic services to the point where an expanded range of developmental activities is possible .
Moreover , on complex projects , design work must be completed and orders for machinery and equipment placed months or even years before construction can commence .
or a skilled labor force is trained before there are plants available in which they can be employed .
The extent to which we can persuade the less developed countries to appraise their own resources , to set targets toward which they should be working , to establish in the light of this forward perspective the most urgent priorities for their immediate attention , and to do the other things which they must do to help themselves , all on a realistic long-term basis , will depend importantly on the incentives we place before them .
What Sam Rayburn's life proves to us all is the magnificent lesson in political science that one can devotedly and with absolute dedication represent the seemingly provincial interests of one's own community , one's own district , one's own State , and by that help himself represent even better the sweep and scope of the problems of this the greatest nation of all time .
More than that , Sam Rayburn is the very living symbol of an iron-clad integrity so powerful in his nature and so constantly demonstrated that he can count some of his best friends in the opposition .
I pray to God that he may be spared to us for many years to come for this is an influence the United States and the whole world can ill afford to lose .
Above all , he is a person to whom a fledgling Representative can go to discuss the personal and professional problems which inevitably confront a new Congressman .
The best reason that can be advanced for the state adopting the practice was the advent of expanded highway construction during the 1920s and '30s .
While the origin of state-owned automobiles may be obscured , subsequent developments concerning the assignment , use , and management of state automobiles can be related more clearly .
This type of borrowing can be reduced to a minimum if quarterly installment payment of taxes is instituted and the first payment placed near the opening of the fiscal year .
Little can be done about the changing of dates .
It should be kept in mind that the ease or difficulty with which a town or city can convert to the proposed plan is directly dependent upon the financial condition of that town or city .
The type of program desired can be determined by the nature and extent of the adjustments needed .
and now , therefore , do I , John A. Notte , Jr. , governor of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations , proclaim the week of april 29th to may 7th , 1961 , as Rhode Island Heritage Week , advising our citizens that throughout this week many historic houses and beautiful gardens will be open to visitors as well as industrial plants , craft shops , museums and libraries and I earnestly urge all to take advantage of these opportunities to see as many of these places as they can during this outstanding week .
As the President has said , `` only when our arms are sufficient beyond doubt can we be certain that they will never be employed '' .
conduct engineering research and technical development work to determine , by laboratory and pilot plant testing , the results of the research and studies aforesaid in order to develop processes and plant designs to the point where they can be demonstrated on a large and practical scale ; ;
However , the surface temperature gradient can produce erroneous vapor-pressure measurements for the bulk liquid helium unless precautions are taken to isolate the tube ( which passes through the surface to the vapor pressure bulb ) from the liquid helium surface .
It has also been observed , in helium 2 , that large discrepancies can exist between surface vapor pressures and those pressures measured by a vapor pressure thermometer .
In this case also the design of the thermometer can be modified to reduce the helium film flow .
A study of the hydrogen line profiles indicates that a measurement of these profiles can be used to calculate a temperature for the arc plasma that is reliable to about Af percent .
My heartiest congratulations go to their successors , Orvil E. Dryfoos and John B. Oakes , who can be counted upon to sustain the illustrious tradition of the New York Times .
You can see it , for example , in the extensive efforts President Kennedy has made to enlist solid bipartisan support for his actions toward both Cuba and Laos ; ;
We simply can't tolerate further Russian weapons , including the possibility of long-range nuclear missiles , being located in Cuba .
Obviously , we can't stop them from coming in , however , just by talk .
How can the United States act ? ?
Blockade runners can be stopped -- by gunfire , if necessary -- searched and held , at least temporarily .
Pre-shaped corrugated metal sections or pre-cast concrete can be used for shelters either above or below ground .
An underground reinforced concrete shelter can be built by a contractor for about $1,000 to $1,500 , depending on the type of entrance .
Another type of shelter which gives excellent fallout protection can be built as an added room to the basement of a home under construction .
Records such as diaries can be kept .
A 10-gallon garbage can , with a tightly fitting cover , could be used to keep the wastes until it is safe to leave the shelter .
A belowground basement can cut the fallout radiation to one-tenth of the outside level .
I am not easily persuaded that a rule accepted by so many people for so many centuries can be so lightly dismissed .
We can no longer rely on interdepartmental machinery `` somewhere upstairs '' to resolve differences between this and other departments .
If there is anything which we can do in the executive branch of the Government to speed up the processes by which we come to decisions on matters on which we must act promptly , that in itself would be a major contribution to the conduct of our affairs .
I also hope that we can do something about reducing the infant mortality rate of ideas -- an affliction of all bureaucracies .
To cite only a few examples : The wrong man in the wrong position , perhaps even in a junior position abroad , can be a source of great harm to our policy ; ;
the attitudes of a U.N. delegate who experiences difficulty in finding adequate housing in New York City , or of a foreign diplomat in similar circumstances in our Capital , can easily be directed against the United States and all that it stands for .
I would hope that we could create the recognition in the Department and overseas that those who come across little things going wrong have the responsibility for bringing these to the attention of those who can do something about them .
He is expected to supervise , to encourage , to direct , to assist in any way he can .
Chewing it over with his colleagues and in his own mind , he reaches a tentative identification of the question -- tentative because it may change as he explores it further and because , if no tolerable answer can be found , it may have to be changed into one which can be answered .
Meanwhile he has been thinking about the facts surrounding the problem , facts which he knows can never be complete , and the general background , much of which has already been lost to history .
He knows that he is thinking about action in relation to a future which can be perceived but dimly through a merciful fog .
The selection of the wrong tools can mean waste , at best , and at worst an unwanted inflammation of the problem itself .
Can the President or the Secretary act under existing authority , or will new legislation and new money be required ? ?
What type of action can hope to win public support , first in this country and then abroad ? ?
For the policy officer will know that action can almost never be secret and that in general the effectiveness of policy will be conditioned by the readiness of the country to sustain it .
And , given probable public attitudes -- about which reasonably good estimates can be made -- what action is called for to insure necessary support ? ?
Perhaps existing Public Health Service , State Department and Armed Services medical facilities can be utilized .
In this way the Peace Corps can be launched with its own identity and spirit and yet receive the necessary assistance from those now responsible for United States foreign policy and our overseas operations .
The Peace Corps can either begin in very low gear , with only preparatory work undertaken between now and when Congress finally appropriates special funds for it -- or it can be launched now and in earnest by executive action , with sufficient funds and made available from existing Mutual Security appropriations to permit a number of substantial projects to start this summer .
It can then grow steadily as it proves itself and as the need for it is demonstrated .
Steps should also be taken to link the Food for Peace Program with the Peace Corps , so that foreign currencies accumulated by the sale of U.S. surplus food under P.L. 480 can be put to use to pay some of the host country expenses of Peace Corps personnel .
The extent to which participating bodies such as U. S. voluntary agencies , universities , international organizations , and the host country or institutions in the host country can and should share the cost of the Peace Corps programs must be fully explored .
It can contribute to the development of critical countries and regions .
It can promote international cooperation and good will toward this country .
It can also contribute to the education of America and to more intelligent American participation in the world .
The Peace Corps thus can add a new dimension to America's world policy -- one for which people here and abroad have long been waiting .
Our own freedom , and the future of freedom around the world , depend , in a very real sense , on their ability to build growing and independent nations where men can live in dignity , liberated from the bonds of hunger , ignorance and poverty .
This can be accomplished substantially by a continued trend toward better facilities and techniques for fire control and more resources to cope with critical fire periods , and a more intensive application of a program of prevention , detection , and control of insect and disease infestations .
the volume of timber that can be marketed , especially for small sales and the support of dependent communities and small business enterprises ; ;
The growing communications needs of this new State can best be met , as they have in other States , through the operation and development of such facilities by private enterprise .
one B-52 can do the work of several B-47's which it will replace .
But during nighttime hours the skywave radiations are reflected from the ionosphere , thereby creating the possibility of one station's rendering service , via skywave , at a much greater distance than it can through its groundwave signal , and at the same time vastly complicating the interference problem because of the still greater distance over which these skywave signals may cause interference to the signals of stations on the same and closely adjacent frequencies .
Since broadcast frequencies are very limited in number , these objectives are to some extent inconsistent in that not all of them can be fully realized , and to the extent that each is realized , there is a corresponding reduction of the possibilities for fullest achievement of the others .
During nighttime hours , because of the intense skywave propagation then prevailing , no large number of stations can be permitted to operate on one of these channels , if the wide area service for which these frequencies are assigned is to be rendered satisfactorily by the dominant stations which must be relied upon to render it .
Therefore , under our longstanding allocation rules , on some of these channels no station other than the dominant ( class 1 ) -- A ) station is permitted to operate at night , so that the 1 , -- A station can render service , interference free , wherever it can be received .
Additional class 2 , assignments for daytime operation can be made without causing destructive interference to the class 1 , stations or to each other , and by their operation provide additional service on these channels and additional local outlets for a large number of communities .
For the making of selections on the basis of excellence requires that any foundation making the selections shall have available the judgments of a corps of advisors whose judgments are known to be good : such judgments can be known to be good only by the records of those selected , by records made subsequent to their selection over considerable periods of time .
and quality of advice , added to devotion to the Foundation's purposes and ideals , we do get from our Advisory Board in measures so full that they can be appreciated only by those of us who work here every day .
It is a truism of business that no business can be better than its board of directors and its top management .
In one sense it can be said that one of the most important Brown & Sharpe products over the years has been the men who began work with the company and subsequently came to places of industrial eminence throughout the nation and even abroad .
Our current rate of incoming orders has now contracted and unless this trend can be reversed , our production for 1961 will be lower than for 1960 .
However , the healthy inventory position of the textile industry lends support to the broadly expressed belief that improvement in that industry can be expected by the second half of 1961 .
Because the bobbin-to-cone winding process is a relatively high-cost operation for the mill , the almost complete automation provided by the Uniconer can mean important economies in textile production , at the same time upgrading quality .
It is equipped with electronic controls that can be set to hold precise tension and speed .
There are , nevertheless , several things that the president can do to stimulate participation and to enhance the prestige of those who are willing to exercise their privilege .
He can , for example , present significant university-wide issues to the senate .
He can encourage quality in faculty committee work in various ways : by seeing to it that the membership of each committee represents the thoughtful as well as the action-oriented faculty ; ;
To increase faculty influence and decrease tension , many presidents have established a standing advisory committee with which they can discuss problems frankly .
The president has little influence in day-by-day curricular changes , but if he looks ahead two , three , or five years to anticipate issues and throw out challenging ideas , he can open the way for innovation , and he can also have a great deal to say as to what path it will take .
Deans can form an important bridge between the president and the faculty .
The president who appoints strong men who have an all-college or university point of view and a talent and respect for administration can count on useful assistance .
One way that this can be done , other than by hiring new high-priced professors , is by constantly encouraging the department members to raise their standards of performance .
By supporting the efforts of the many faculty members who are working to attain ever higher standards , the president can encourage faculty leadership .
Indirectly he can best help them by insuring that rigorous criteria for appointment and promotion are clearly set forth and adhered to .
They can be effective , however , if their members set high standards for candidates and devote substantial time to the work .
No one can be as effective as the president in inspiring older men to welcome imaginative new teachers whose philosophy or approach to their specialties is quite different .
Trustees , faculty , and administration can consider the consequences of decisions before they are made , instead of afterwards .
Physical plant and equipment can be efficiently developed .
Proposed new programs can be examined for appropriateness to goals and for present and future financial fitness .
Here the reasonable mastery of the elements of administration can do much to free a president for his primary role .
Higher education cannot compete with the salary scales of the business world , but an educational institution can offer many potent intangible attractions to members of the business community that will offset the differences in income .
Since he can neither accept nor reject them all , he must be governed by the time and energy available for his prime professional obligations .
By sharing the load of important speeches with his colleagues , the president can develop a cadre of able spokesmen who will help to create a public perception of the university as an institution , something more than the lengthened shadow of one man .
Such high-resolution observations as these are needed at several wave lengths in order that the radio emission of the moon can be properly interpreted .
The higher heat transfer rates at the anode compared with those at the cathode can be explained by the physical phenomena occurring in free burning arcs .
Thus , direct comparisons can be drawn with free burning arcs which have been studied in detail during the past years and decades by numerous investigators ( Ref. 3 ) .
The heat losses of the holder were to be reduced as far as possible and they should be such that an accurate heat balance can be made .
By the use of various weights , data for a force-rate of shear graph can be obtained .
This , however , can only be considered approximate , as the diameter of the pulley was increased by the build-up of tape and the tape was occasionally removed from the pulley during the runs .
These experiments can be considered exploratory only .
Although the Af calculation is obvious by analogy with that for gravitational field and osmotic pressure , it is interesting to confirm it by a method which can be generalized to include related effects .
The total volume of the system above the reference height is Af , and H can be eliminated to obtain an equation for the total potential energy of the system in terms of H .
This method can be extended to include the concentration differences caused by shear fields .
This can be justified thermodynamically in this case , and this will be done in a separate paper which is being prepared .
This has an interesting analogy with the assumption stated by Philippoff that `` the deformational mechanics of elastic solids can be applied to flowing solutions '' .
There is one exception to the above statement as has been pointed out , and that is that fluids can relax by flowing into fields of lower rates of shear , so the statement should be modified by stating that the mechanics are similar .
If the mechanics are similar , we can also infer that the thermodynamics will also be similar .
The relative forces can be calculated from the various radii of curvature if we assume : ( A ) The surface tension is uniform on the surface of the drop .
If it is assumed that the formula given by Lodge of cosec Af applies , the pressure difference along the major axes can be calculated from the angle of inclination of the major axis , and from this the interfacial tension can be calculated .
Hence , the electron paramagnetic effects ( slope ) can be separated from the nuclear effects ( intercept ) .
In this way , numerical values for the relative efficacy of various detergent formulations can be obtained by measuring the reflectance ( whiteness ) of the cloth swatches before and after washing .
In addition , dirt particles can be held onto a soiled surface by sticky substances or by the surface tension of liquids , including liquid greases .
and natural waters , in addition , often contain impurities such as calcium salts which can react with soils to make them more difficult to remove .
Micelles can imbibe and hold a considerable amount of oleophilic substances so that the micelle volume may be increased as much as approximately two-fold .
Then during washing , the greasy soil rolls back at the edges so that emulsified droplets can disengage themselves from the sorbed oil mass , with the aid of mechanical action , and enter the aqueous phase .
Thus , for aqueous media , we can think of the idealized organic active as an oleophilic or hydrophobic surface-active agent , and of an idealized builder as a oleophobic or hydrophilic surface-active agent .
The crude picture of the detergency process thus far developed can be represented as : Af .
This effect can give rise to a blanket of micrometeorites around the Earth .
From the brightness of the F component of the solar corona and the brightness of the zodiacal light , an estimate of the particle sizes , concentrations , and spatial distribution can be derived for regions of space near the ecliptic plane .
The flux of micrometeorites in the neighborhood of the Earth can be estimated by extrapolation from radar and visual meteor data .
A man can be an effective fighting machine throughout the incubation period of most infectious diseases .
Something of the behavior of clouds of small particles can be illustrated by the following field trials :
From these dosage isopleths it can be seen that an area of over 34,000 square miles was covered .
As can be seen from Figure 2 , an extensive area was covered by this aerosol .
As can be seen from these dosage isopleths , approximately 100 square miles was covered within the area sampled .
A solid immunity is the one effective circumstance whereby attack by a specific agent can be neutralized .
By scrutinizing the flowers , one can also notice that the scale bears one or two tiny warts .
Bumblebees can thus suffer severely from the onslaughts of Psithyrus , the `` cuckoo-bumblebee '' as it is called in some European countries .
Thus , the larvae of the intruder can develop at the expense of the rightful inhabitants and the store of beebread .
Its life history is much simpler than that of the truly colonial bumblebees and can serve as an example of the life cycle of many other species .
Nomia melanderi can be found in tremendous numbers in certain parts of the United States west of the Great Plains , for example , in Utah and central Washington .
Data on the former are scanty , but there can be little doubt that the latter is sometimes born at a length greater than that of any of the others , thereby lending support to the belief that the anaconda does , indeed , attain the greatest length .
Oliver's 37-1/2 feet is partly based on this report and can be accepted as probable .
When some thirteen records of newly and recently born individuals are collated , little or no correlation between length and distribution can be detected .
Anatomically , the horse lung appears to be remarkably like that of man , insofar as this can be ascertained from comparison of our findings in the horse with those of others ( Birnbaum , '54 ) in the human being .
Since a Skeletal Age rating can be made at any age during growth , from Elbow , Shoulder , Knee , or Foot as well as Hand , it seems to be the method of choice when one wishes to study most aspects of skeletal developmental progress during childhood .
The length of the arrow indicates amount of slowing or acceleration at Completion over that at Onset , and the difference in months can be read roughly by referring the arrow to the age scale along the base of each figure , or more precisely by referring to the original data in the appropriate tables .
However , the formation of organically bound iodine , mainly mono-iodotyrosine , can be accomplished in cell-free systems .
This iodoprotein does not appear to be the same as what is normally present in the thyroid , and there is no evidence so far that thyroglobulin can be iodinated in vitro by cell-free systems .
If tyrosine and a system generating hydrogen peroxide are added to a cell-free homogenate of the thyroid , large quantities of free mono-iodotyrosine can be formed ( Alexander , 1959 ) .
The mechanism of this coupling has been studied in some detail with non-enzymatic systems in vitro and can be simulated by certain di-iodotyrosine analogues ( Pitt-Rivers and James , 1958 ) .
The mechanism of action of these drugs has not been completely worked out , but certain of them appear to act by reducing the oxidised form of iodine before it can iodinate thyroglobulin ( Astwood , 1954 ) .
The effect of drugs that act on the iodide-concentrating mechanism can be counteracted by addition of relatively large amounts of iodine to the diet .
This tendency can be broken either by restoring hypothalamic excitability directly or via cortico-hypothalamic pathways .
Similar effects can be induced reflexly via the baroreceptor reflexes in man and animals .
We can do this through the characteristic values and vectors of T in certain special cases , i.e. , when the minimal polynomial for T factors over the scalar field F into a product of distinct monic polynomials of degree 1 .
What can we do with the general T ? ?
If the direct-sum decomposition ( A ) is valid , how can we get hold of the projections Af associated with the decomposition ? ?
We have just observed that we can write Af where D is diagonalizable and N is nilpotent , and where D and N not only commute but are polynomials in T .
Then every linear operator T in V can be written as the sum of a diagonalizable operator D and a nilpotent operator N which commute .
It is a very interesting fact that these two problems can be handled simultaneously and this is what we shall do in the next chapter .
What can we say of the probabilities of the different possible numbers of bull's-eyes ? ?
We can escape from such a difficulty by ruling out the animal as not constituting a trial , but such a solution is not always satisfactory .
Strictly speaking , this means that the probability for each possible outcome of the experiment can be computed by multiplying together the probabilities of the possible outcomes of the single binomial trials .
A binomial experiment can produce random variables other than the number of successes .
Therefore each binomial trial can be thought of as producing a value of a random variable associated with that trial and taking the values 0 and 1 , with probabilities Q and P respectively .
In the following paper it is shown that in a certain definite sense , exactly an odd number of squares can be inscribed in every such curve which does not contain an infinite number of inscribed squares .
If the vertex is at Af , and if the interior of C is on the left as one moves in the direction of increasing t , then every such corner can be found from the curve obtained by rotating C clockwise through 90-degrees about the vertex .
We can now prove several lemmas .
Near Q , both curves can be represented by analytic functions of U .
Furthermore , one can find a neighborhood of Q in which the difference function is monotone , for since it is analytic it can have only a finite number of extrema in any interval .
Thus if E is sufficiently small , there can be only one intersection of C and Af near Q , for if there were more than one intersection for every E then the difference between C and Af near Q would not be a monotone function .
The fact that there can not be any limit points of the set except in closed intervals follows from the argument used in Lemma 1 , namely , that near any tangent point in the C-plane the curves C and Af are analytic , and therefore the difference between them must be a monotone function in some neighborhood on either side of the tangent point .
With the above results we can make the following remarks about the graph of F .
Further , we see by Lemma 2 that the multiplicity of F can only change at a tangent point , and at such a point can only change by an even integer .
We observe first that no line , l , can meet its image except at one of its intersections with Q .
Moreover , from the definitive transformation of intercepts on the generators of Af , it is clear that the only points of Q at which a line can meet its image are the points of Aj .
It is interesting that a 1 : 1 correspondence can be established between the lines of two such pencils , so that in a sense a unique image can actually be assigned to each tangent .
A final class of exceptional lines is identifiable from the following considerations : Since no two generators of Af can intersect , it follows that their image curves can have no free intersections .
Now the only way in which all curves of the image family of Af can pass through a fixed point is to have a generator of Af which is not a secant but a tangent of **zg , for then any point on such a generator will be transformed into the point of tangency .
Observations similar to these can be made at each point of Aj .
Moreover , if Af , no two of the multiple secants can intersect .
But if no two lines of the regulus of multiple secants of **zg can intersect , then the regulus must be quadratic , or in other words , **zg must be either a Af or a Af curve on a nonsingular quadric surface .
These societies can expect to face difficult times .
Nevertheless , with foresight and careful planning , some of the more disruptive and dangerous consequences of social change which have troubled other countries passing through this stage can be escaped .
The United States can help by communicating a genuine concern with the problems these countries face and a readiness to provide technical and other appropriate forms of assistance where possible .
It may seem to some of them that success can be purchased much less dearly by fishing in the murky waters of international politics than by facing up to the intractable tasks at home .
We should do what we can to discourage this conclusion , both by offering assistance for their domestic needs and by reacting firmly to irresponsible actions on the world scene .
Progress is impeded by psychological inhibitions to effective action among those in power and by a failure on their part to understand how local resources , human and material , can be mobilized to achieve the national goals of modernization already symbolically accepted .
The colonial period has generally left people believing that government can , if it wishes , provide all manner of services for them -- and that with independence free men do not have to work to realize the benefits of modern life .
Only within the framework of a mature relationship characterized by honest appraisals of performance can we provide telling assistance .
With respect to those countries whose leaders prefer to live with their illusions , we can afford to wait , for in time their comparative lack of progress will become clear for all to see .
Simultaneously we should be underlining the interrelationships of technical progress in various fields , showing how agricultural training can be introduced into education , how health affects labor productivity , how small business can benefit the rural farm community , and , above all , how progress in each field relates to national progress .
Efforts such as the Community Development Program in the Philippines have demonstrated that transitional societies can work toward balanced national development .
By holding out prospects for external capital assistance , the United States can provide strong incentives to prepare for the concerted economic drive necessary to achieve self-sustaining growth .
American and free-world policies can marginally affect the pace of transition ; ;
Religion can summate , epitomize , relate , and conserve all the highest ideals and values -- ethical , aesthetic , and religious -- of man formed in his culture .
Without a system of values there can be no society .
While some suppression and some denial are not only necessary but healthy , the worker's clinical knowledge must determine how these defenses are being used , what healthy shifts in defensive adaptation are indicated , and when efforts at bringing about change can be most effectively timed .
Willingness to take the risk of early and direct interpretation ( with the proviso that if the interpretation is too threatening , the worker can withdraw ) is another prominent feature in these efforts .
The supportive relations can apparently be achieved in geographical and social isolation .
To some extent the system can be considered a Gemeinschaft in which `` social-role occupancies are determined by birth , by attributes such as sex or caste , which are biologically or socially immutable '' .
Each family line can be considered a substructure .
By means of geographical isolation and high fertility rates , inbreeding can be fostered and the pattern of isolation from the greater society maintained .
Since morale is closely related to pattern maintenance and integration , the higher the morale and solidarity , the better the system can solve the problems of the system .
The population can thereby replenish itself and actually grow larger .
'' The external pattern or external system can be considered as `` group behavior that enables the group to survive in its environment .
It supplies local data which are useful in administration and which can be used as a basis for intensive studies in particular situations .
The quality of the census data can , therefore , be greatly improved by the use of the registration records in conjunction with the field inquiries .
It is planned to double the number of teams and to make use of improved equipment in a second demographic inquiry in 1960 , so that the inquiry can be carried through in one year and the results published more expeditiously .
I can now better see just what processes provoked certain actions from me in the past .
But few who have experienced marriage can dispute the fact that the focus of interpersonal relationships is different in marriage than in a pre-marital situation .
Whereas a high percentage of the regular students can be expected to read other texts which more or less plow the same ground in a little different direction , the married students chose whole books on specific areas and went into much greater detail in their areas of interest .
Since the writer had not noticed this characteristic in married students scattered throughout the various sections previous to this experiment , nor , as a matter of fact , in those who were continuing in `` single sections '' , he can only conclude that there must have been something `` contagious '' within the specific group which caused this to occur .
When informed that there were some persons who did not have their arm go up , she commented , `` I don't see how they can prevent it '' .
that they can give up their control and allow themselves to be reactors rather than actors .
It can be seen too that when we contrast levels of compulsivity within the structured schools , the high compulsive children do better ( Af ) .
The interaction effect , which is significant at the level , can be seen best in the contrast of mean scores .
Roleplaying can be done for quite a different purpose : to evaluate procedures , regardless of individuals .
For example : a sales presentation can be analyzed and evaluated through roleplaying .
Another use of roleplaying for evaluation illustrates how this procedure can be used in real life situations without special equipment or special assistants during the daily course of work .
We can see others more clearly than we can see ourselves , and others can see us better than we see ourselves .
Observers can see a person engaged in spontaneous behavior , and watch him operating in a totalistic fashion .
This behavior is more `` veridical '' -- or true -- than other testing behavior for some types of evaluation , and so can give quick and accurate estimates of complex functioning .
and only when I can acknowledge this , to myself , as being indeed an aspect of my personality , does it cease to be a prominently troublesome aspect of the patient's behavior .
But it is true that the therapist can sense , when he hears this stereotype , that there are at this moment many emotional determinants at work in it , a blurred babel of indistinct voices which have yet to become clearly delineated from one another .
in working with these patients the therapist eventually gets to do some at least private mulling over of the possible meaning of a belch , or the passage of flatus , not only because he is reduced to this for lack of anything else to analyze , but also because he learns that even these animal-like sounds constitute forms of communication in which , from time to time , quite different things are being said , long before the patient can become sufficiently aware of these , as distinct feelings and concepts , to say them in words .
But first , we must define two terms so that their meaning will be clearly understood : form -- any unique sequence of alphabetic characters that can appear in a language preceded and followed by a space ; ;
dictionary information about the form stored at this location can be retrieved directly by occurrences of the form in text .
If Af was assigned as the information cell for Af , the routine can detect that Af is identical to Af by comparing Af with the form stored at location Af .
A third cell can be added by storing the address of another Y-cell in Af ; ;
If each text form is marked when matched with a dictionary form , the text forms not contained in the dictionary can be identified when all dictionary forms have been read .
The appropriate action for handling these forms can be taken at that time .
A description of this process will serve to illustrate how any type of information can be retrieved from the dictionary and attached to each text occurrence .
Hence , the description of each text occurrence can be retrieved by reading the list of text-ordered information-cell addresses and outputting the description indicated by the information cell for each occurrence .
Applying the techniques developed at Harvard for generating a paradigm from a representative form and its classification , we can add all forms of a word to the dictionary at once .
Thus , one can think of a dictionary entry as a word rather than a form .
For example , the inflected forms of a word can be represented , insofar as regular inflection allows , by a stem and a set of endings to be attached .
( Indeed , the set of endings can be replaced by the name of a set of endings .
) The full forms can be derived from such information just prior to the lookup of the form in the text-form list .
In sentences , patterns of stress are determined by complex combinations of influences that can only be suggested here .
Thus the unstressed it of it rarely snows here gets its significance from its use with snows : nothing can snow snow but `` it '' .
In the written language then can be underlined or italicized to guide the reader here , but much of the time the written language simply depends on the reader's alertness , and a careless reader will have to back up and reread .
Thus in it's incredible what that boy can eat dominant stress is likely to be on incredible , and eat will have strong stress also .
I can't be happy long without drinking water '' .
But the use of stress in comparison and contrast , for example , can undermine distinctions such as these .
In the Steiners have busy lives without visiting relatives only context can indicate whether visiting relatives is equivalent in meaning to paying visits to relatives or to relatives who are visiting them , and in I looked up the number and I looked up the chimney only the meanings of number and chimney make it clear that up is syntactically a second complement in the first sentence and a preposition followed by its object in the second .
They will give suggestions that can be worked up into field procedures .
This can only be for one of two reasons : either the two are quite different and will require totally different theory ( and hence techniques ) , or our existing theories are insufficiently general .
Neither can be adequately systematized until we are able to separate the two and assign the observed phenomena individually to one or the other .
In many of the syllables , intonation can be safely ignored , and much of the tonal analysis can be done without any study of intonation .
While the phonemes can be very easily stated , no one is likely to be satisfied with the statement until phonemic occurrences can be related in some way to morphemic units , i.e. until the morphophonemics is worked out , or at least far enough that it seems reasonable to expect success .
Tonal morphophonemics , in a common case , can do nothing but either raise or lower the tone .
Smaller systems can of course be stated much more succinctly .
A phonemic system can be stated without reference to morphophonemics , but it cannot always be found without morphophonemics .
As a result , many people have been confirmed in their conviction that orthography design is not an activity to which experts can contribute anything but confusion .
He concludes that some changes can be made in the current orthography which will appreciably improve its usefulness , but hesitates to suggest precise graphic devices to effect these changes .
This , however , will not exhaust their practical usefulness , as they rather clearly indicate what thorough phonologic investigation can contribute to orthography design .
It seems to me that it rather easily can .
This distribution can be summarized by averaging the distance in grades apart : Af ; ;
The practical operational problem of lexicostatistics is the establishment of a basic list of items of meaning against which the particular forms or terms of languages can be matched as the medium of comparison .
In proportion as meanings are concrete , we can better rely on their being insulated and distinctive .
Interesting evidence can be found in the results of the Chamber of Commerce elections , which took place three weeks before national elections .
The existence of a public school vocational training program in trade and industry provides a base from which such needs can be filled .
Additional courses can readily be added and special cooperative programs worked out with any new industry if the basic facilities , staff and program are in being .
Thus , besides the training provided to youth in school , the existence of the school program can have supplementary benefits to industry which make it an asset to industrial development efforts .
Local jobs can be seen and counted , while opportunities elsewhere are regarded as more hypothetical .
A related question is whether unemployed workers can be motivated to take the training provided .
If there is adequate information on job opportunities for skilled jobs elsewhere , many more workers can be expected to respond .
According to the theory underlying odd-lot indices , the trader who trades odd lots is most likely a small trader , one who can't afford to trade round lots .
Falling most easily prey to an adverse market movement , for this rank of traders can least afford to lose , virtually anything the odd-lot traders do , marketwise , is taken to exemplify the `` wrong '' thing to do .
But after all , can anyone imagine a market wherein the reverse of these things were true ? ?
Anyone still doubting that this is the only way markets can be is invited to try to imagine a market wherein the majority consistently wins what the minority loses .
Where this approach becomes critical , the industry can be expected to put much emphasis on this as evidence of its sincerity in `` resisting '' the wage pressures of a powerful union , requesting tariff relief after it has `` reluctantly '' acceded to the union pressure .
Similarly , higher levels of GNP do not , in themselves , provide grounds for raising prices , but they do relax some of the pressure on the industry so that it can raise prices higher for a given wage increase .
Thus , for non-negative changes in the basic wage rate , the industry becomes the active wage-setter , since any increase in the basic wage rate can occur only by reason of industry acquiescence .
Reluctant , as usual , to interpret state legislation -- such interpretation can only be a `` forecast rather than a determination '' -- Mr. Justice Frankfurter led a unanimous Court to vacate the injunction .
How can judges exercise jurisdiction to enforce national rights when Congress has created none ? ?
How else can one explain , for example , allowing the survival of the right to amortize bond discount and premium ( section 381(c)(9) ) , but not the right to amortize bond issue expenses ; ;
A recent case in point is Mitchell Canneries v. United States , in which a claim against the Government was transferred first from a corporation to a partnership , whose partners were former stockholders , and then to another corporation formed by the partners .
In that event , we can correctly say that we have received an authoritative interpretation of the matter , and one which we can follow statewide with confidence that the policy will not be overthrown in other Superior Courts .
Martin and Stendler present evidence that infants and young children can and do solve many problems at a relatively simple perceptual level simply by combining objects and counting them .
Although no national norms exist for the social development of children , the teacher can find a great deal of information concerning types of social behavior normally displayed by children at various age levels .
In early childhood the choice of a companion is likely to be for another child of his own age or a year or two older , who can do the things he likes to do ; ;
The child in the primary grades can play harmoniously with one companion , but his desire to be first in everything gets him into trouble when the group gets larger ; ;
Much progress has been made in the last two decades in developing techniques for understanding children , yet in almost any classroom today can be found children whose needs are not being met by the school program .
At any rate , the teacher who recognizes common causes of retardation and maladjustment can frequently do a great deal to eliminate the causes of pupil discouragement , failure , and maladjustment .
He can be expected , however , to examine and interpret the information already available ; ;
This section deals with some of the sources of information that can be tapped by the classroom teacher ; ;
These records , when systematically maintained , provide much information about the children , which the teacher can use in guidance , instruction , grouping , and reporting to parents .
Desegregation can also result from additional suits brought by Negro plaintiffs against school boards in Newport News , Fairfax County , Arlington County , and Norfolk .
First , how can we step up the desegregation movement ? ?
I believe we all want more schools where white and Negro together can and do attend .
Second , as we increase the number of desegregated school districts and schools themselves , how can we achieve this action through school board action ? ?
Correlatively , can we reduce the role of the district courts , so that the action is that of the people of the community or other school district and not that of the law court ? ?
Third , how can we insure a systematic and continuing group relations education in the schools ? ?
Fourth , in the segregated school system , during the period before desegregation , how can we assure equal opportunity ? ?
In fact , in the desegregated school system which may have a good many schools with all-Negro population , how can we assure equal opportunity ? ?
Fifth , in the segregated school system or in the all-Negro or all-white schools , how can we encourage better group relations or an improved attitude toward people who do not belong to the group ? ?
Can we help children adjust to `` images of other children '' when the latter are not actually present .
We can argue that where residence makes pupil desegregation impossible teacher assignment can create a partially desegregated situation .
Seldom is there an issue in which class lines can be clearly drawn .
While this influence is a complex matter , depending upon personality factors in the individual as well as upon his social-class experience , there probably are some general statements about social-class background and educational policy that can be made with a fair degree of truth .
Unfortunately , however , and for reasons to be discussed in the following chapter , no rate relationships can be made completely nondiscriminatory as long as all or some of the rates must be set above marginal costs in order to yield adequate revenues .
Despite an ambiguity due to its failure clearly to define `` relative costs '' , the above exposition of fully distributed costing goes about as far as one can go toward expressing the basic philosophy of the practice .
and these costs must somehow be apportioned among the various classes and then must somehow be reapportioned among the units of service in order to report unit costs that can serve as tentative measures of reasonable rates .
But the really controversial aspect of customer-cost imputation arises because of the cost analyst's frequent practice of including , not just those costs that can be definitely earmarked as incurred for the benefit of specific customers but also a substantial fraction of the annual maintenance and capital costs of the secondary ( low-voltage ) distribution system -- a fraction equal to the estimated annual costs of a hypothetical system of minimum capacity .
Is it not the task of philosophy to see what intelligible meaning can be assigned to the most sacred canons in social science ? ?
This push to confine the study of mass behaviour to the measurements of parameters involved in differential equations has led sociology perilously close to the reduction of the word `` mass '' to mean a small group in which certain relations between all pairs of individuals in such a group can be studied .
Philosophy can supply adequate criteria of meaning in the selection of socially viable categories .
In the new situation , philosophy is able to provide the social sciences with the same guidance that mathematics offers the physical sciences , a reservoir of logical relations that can be used in framing hypotheses having explanatory and predictive value .
By clarifying fundamental premises in the social sciences , and defining the logical problems emergent at the borderlands of each new scientific discipline , philosophy can offer the sort of distinction that can accelerate growth in human understanding .
Philosophy can prevent the working scientist from becoming slothful and self-content by noting the assumptions and level at which a hypothesis or theory is framed .
Certain features we have touched upon : philosophy as a logical , deductive system from which a social science methodology can be built up ; ;
Such pseudo-questions assume that answers of concrete significance can be supplied to statements involving undefined universals .
An operational approach to sociology can never expect abstract certainty , since it is certainty which every new discovery in science either replaces or reshapes .
For what concerns all scientific disciplines is precisely that which can be captured for the rational , i.e. , for the scientific determination of what in past ages was considered ultimate and irrational .
So far as I can see , there is only one way out for the positivist .
And if we can see that what we meant to say remains the same , while the feeling varies from intensity to near zero , it is not the feeling that we primarily meant to express .
Whatever the unhappy inmates of such camps are like today , Dostoevsky's companions were about as grim a lot as can be imagined .
The force of the authors' analysis ( if indeed it has any force ) can be felt by the reader , I believe , only after three questions have been successfully answered .
( 3 ) How can we be sure that his sense of touch was not profoundly disturbed by his head injury ? ?
If the argument is accepted as essentially sound up to this point , it remains for us to consider whether the patient's difficulties in orienting himself spatially and in locating objects in space with the sense of touch can be explained by his defective visual condition .
But before we can do this , we must first find answers to our original questions 1 and 2 ; ;
This would mean , it can readily be seen , that , again , for each new visual experience , the tracing motions would have to be repeated because of the absence of visual imagery .
If the patient can perceive figure kinesthetically when he cannot perceive it visually , then , it would seem , the sense of touch has immediate contact with the spatial aspects of things in independence of visual representations , at least in regard to two dimensions , and , as we shall see , even this much spatial awareness on the part of unaided touch is denied by the authors .
From even a cursory inspection of its many aspects , however , the historian can deduce several fundamental conclusions about the progress of the Aegean world down to 800 B.C.
One can take a vase of about 800 B.C. and , without any knowledge of its place of origin , venture to assign it to a specific area ; ;
The same conclusions can be drawn from the other physical evidence of the Dark ages , from linguistic distribution , and from the survivals of early social , political , and religious patterns into later ages .
The historian can only point out those lines which were major enough to find reflection in our limited evidence , and must hope that future excavations will enrich our understanding .
Can we discover what it is in Utopia that has evoked this response ? ?
it can be made in two words , Utopian communism .
Because community not severalty of property is the law of nature no man can assert an absolutely unalterable right to what is his .
Neither from one of these conceptions nor from a combination of them can it be deduced .
What that spirit and attitude were we can best understand if we see more precisely how it contrasts with the communist tradition with the longest continuous history , the one which reached Christianity by the way of Stoicism through the Church Fathers of Late Antiquity .
Editor Foss stated , `` Of their guilt there can be no doubt but they are entitled to sufficient time to prepare for trial , and a fair trial '' .
Concerning the sentence the editor asked , `` What else can Virginia do than to hang the men who have defied her laws , organized treason , and butchered her citizens '' .
It was for this reason , and no other that I can see , that in September 1912 , Braque took the radical and revolutionary step of pasting actual pieces of imitation-woodgrain wallpaper to a drawing on paper , instead of trying to simulate its texture in paint .
Picasso says that he himself had already made his first collage toward the end of 1911 , when he glued a piece of imitation-caning oilcloth to a painting on canvas .
And the same thing , more or less , can be said of the contents of Picasso's first collage .
In later collages of both masters , a variety of extraneous materials are used , sometimes in the same work , and almost always in conjunction with every other eye-deceiving and eye-undeceiving device they can think of .
freeways boost valuation less ( because the garages they require are not prime buildings by a long shot ) , and reduce the acreage that can be taxed .
But anybody who promises a substantial volume of business can get a railroad to run a short spur to his plant these days , and many businesses can live without the railroad .
And there are now many millions of workers for whom the factory with the big parking lot , which can be reached by driving across or against the usual pattern of rush hour traffic and grille-route bus lines , is actually more convenient than the walk-to factory .
They can even be rather grand , like Edward Land's monument to the astonishing success of Polaroid .
To the extent that the problem is merely parking , an aggressive downtown management , like that of Lazarus Brothers in Columbus , Ohio , can fight back successfully by building a garage on the lot next door .
If the distant patron of the suburban branch has been frightened away from downtown by traffic problems , however , the city store can only pressure the politicians to do something about the highways or await the completion of the federal highway program .
I can well understand your curiosity .
I can only hope that the continuing exchange of groups and individuals between our countries will not wear out all language pertinent to the occasion .
The thing can be made to look like the cluttered attic of a large and vigorous family -- a motley jumble of discarded objects , some outworn and some that were never useful , some once whole and bright but now chipped and tarnished , some odd pieces whose history no one remembers , here and there a gem , everything fascinating because it suggests some part of the human condition -- the whole adding up to nothing more than a glimpse into the disorderly history of the makers and users .
What matters is that while Fromm's reading of the data is not the only one possible , it is precisely the one we would expect from a writer who earnestly believes that every man can and ought to be happy and satisfied .
In view of these shortcomings in both the amount and the interpretation of survey-type findings on public opinion , and considering the criticisms which can be brought against Fromm's philosophical anthropology , such a passage as the following cannot be taken seriously .
Considering the nature of man , and the conditions for happiness , this can hardly be so '' .
The point is that in a system such as Fromm's which recognizes unconscious motivations , and which rests on certain ethical absolutes , empirical data can be used to support whatever proposition the writer is urging at the moment .
One can make them say the same thing only by not listening to them very carefully and hearing only what one wants to hear .
( We can imagine how they startled audiences of the 1870's .
The music becomes ethereal as he calls up a vision of her own sainthood : it is she , he tells her , who can bring the truth to Russia and convert the heretics .
This is not , however , the case , and development is a term which we can apply to Hardy only in a very limited sense .
From the dated poems we can venture certain conclusions about Hardy's career in poetry , always remembering that conclusions based on a fraction of the whole must remain tentative .
The second productive period , the decade from 1910 to 1920 , can be related to three events : the completion of The Dynasts in 1909 , which left Hardy free of pressure for the first time in forty years ; ;
We can see the general characteristics of the earlier decade if we look at two poems of very different qualities : `` Revulsion '' ( 1866 ) and `` Neutral Tones '' ( 1867 ) .
There is no longer any sense of continuing development of the sort that can be traced from Baudelaire to Eluard , or for that matter , from Hawthorne through Henry James to Gertrude Stein .
Even though the bondage of his verse is not so great as the writing poet can manage , it is still great enough for him often to be seriously impeded unless he has aids to facilitate rapid composition .
But we can say that since a writing poet , with leisure before him , would seem unlikely to invent a technique based upon frequent and substantial circumlocution , the kennings like the epithets must reasonably be ascribed to an oral tradition .
no individual word in The Iliad or The Odyssey can be credited to any one man ; ;
no strikingly effective element of speech in the extant poems can with assurance be said not to have been a commonplace in the vaster epic corpus that may have existed at the beginning of the first millennium before Christ .
With a few important and a few more unimportant exceptions , no expression can be deemed le mot juste for its context , because each was very probably the only expression that long-established practice and ease of rapid recitation would allow .
J. H. Miller's excellent chapter on Great Expectations has lately illustrated how fruitfully that novel can be read from such a perspective .
We take leave of Pumblechook as he gloats over Pip's loss of fortune , extending his hand `` with a magnificently forgiving air '' and exhibiting `` the same fat five fingers '' , one of which he identifies with `` the finger of Providence '' and shakes at Pip in a canting imputation of the latter's `` ingratitoode '' and his own generosity as Pip's `` earliest benefactor '' .
Each switch occupies one digit position in a word , can be set on or off , and is considered as logically equivalent to an electronic switch .
Then the enthusiasm and energy of all elements can be channeled to produce cumulative progress toward a common objective .
The result can only be confusion in the public mind .
A unified concept can serve as a guide to budgeting and , if public support is gained , will command Congressional support .
Industry's main criticism of the Navy's antisubmarine effort is that it cannot determine where any one company or industry can apply its skills and know-how .
Other countries which may willingly or unwillingly become Communist can furnish bases .
Communist target areas can be assumed , but there is no certainty that such assumptions coincide with Soviet intentions .
Attack can come from almost any direction against many locations .
It is often stated that the submarine can be destroyed while building , at bases , in transit , and on station .
The missile can gradually be expected to replace the torpedo .
No element can accomplish the total objective of submarine defense .
Some limitations of one element can be compensated for by a capability of another .
Conceivably the submarine defense problem can be solved by sufficient forces .
Since effective area coverage appears fairly remote , the requirement can be borne in mind while considering the elements : air , surface , sub-surface , fixed installations , mines , and intelligence .
Intelligence , as used herein , will include information on possible opponents and on the environment which can affect operations .
These can be referred to as operational intelligence and environmental intelligence .
Good operational intelligence can ensure sound planning , greatly reduce force requirements , and increase tactical effectiveness .
Full knowledge of the science of oceanography can bring the environment to our side , resulting in an increase in effectiveness of equipment and tactics , a decrease in enemy capabilities , and the development of methods of capitalizing on the environment .
Mines can be used to deny access to great areas ; ;
they are difficult to counter , cost little to maintain until required , and can be put into place quickly .
Systems which detect submarines over wide areas are attractive , although they can be only `` burglar alarms '' .
The effects can be related to the structure of this enzyme .
Selective inhibitors can distinguish the two activities .
In the second-order theory , one of the normal stress differences can be calculated from the first-order stress relaxation function .
Limitations on the lengths of these sequences diminish the stability of the comparatively short crystallites which can be formed , and this is reflected in a broadening of the melting range .
numbers sometimes followed by letters are used so that insertions can be made .
Enzymatic action in stored food produces changes which can adversely affect the appearance of food or its palatability .
Ionizing radiation can cause the destruction of microorganisms and insects involved in food spoilage or , at lower doses , can inhibit their action .
Moderate radiation doses of from 100,000 to 200,000 rads can extend the shelf life ( at 35 F ) of fresh beef from 5 days to 5 or 6 weeks .
Radiopasteurization has also been successful , and the shelf life of chicken can be extended to a month or more under refrigerated storage as compared with about 10 days for the untreated product .
The measurement of topcoats on primers can also readily be carried out .
The instrumental method , however , is about 100 times more sensitive and yields numerical results which can be accurately repeated at will over a period of time .
If the coating becomes still thicker , a peeling type failure finally can occur .
It can be seen from Fig. 2 that the cutting removal of a coating from its substrate involves pure cohesive failure of the coating .
It can be seen that the force is characteristic of the removal process and changes abruptly from cutting to cracking to peeling removal .
Also , it can be readily seen that the cutting and peeling types of failure show a steady state response , while the cracking mechanism is of a dynamic nature .
It should be recalled that these three mechanisms can occur on the same coating deposited upon the same substrate merely as a function of changes in coatings thickness .
**yf can readily be determined by measuring the thickness of the coating before and after cutting from the substrate ; ;
From Fig. 6 the relationship between these parameters can readily be derived and the cutting force is Af where **yl is the shear strength of the coating and is a parameter of the coatings material , W is the width of the removed coating and T is its thickness .
The force vector concept of Fig. 6 can readily be applied to this condition also .
It can be seen that Af is a constant , and is determined for the most part by the geometry of the knife .
The value of Af can readily be assessed by determining the frictional force exerted on the knife while running over the previously stripped coating track under various external loadings .
Since the load L , under actual cutting conditions is caused by Af , it can be seen that Af
The measured force , H , in cutting removal of coatings from their substrates consequently can be seen to be the sum of that force required to cut the coating , Af , that due to the bluntness of the knife , Af , and that due to the friction between the bottom of the knife and the substrate , Af , or Af .
These theoretical relationships are more clearly illustrated in Fig. 7 and their sum can be seen to correlate in form with practical measurements made with the Hesiometer as illustrated in the first portion of Fig. 5 for the cutting mechanism .
The detailed mechanisms of this type of failure have been studied extensively by Merchant for metal cutting , and the principles found can be directly applied to coatings .
Merchant has found that the same basic relationships which describe the geometry and force systems in the case of the cutting mechanism can also be applied to the discontinuous chip formation provided the proper values of instantaneous shear angle and instantaneous chip thickness or cross-sectional area are used .
Furniture upholstery , as just one example , can easily take millions of pounds ; ;
Blowing can be either one of two types -- carbon dioxide gas generated by the reaction of water on the polyisocyanate or mechanical blowing through the use of a low-boiling liquid such as a fluorinated hydrocarbon .
Although the first polyether foams on the market had to be produced by the two-step prepolymer method , today , thanks to new catalysts , they can be produced by a one-shot technique .
The foaming can be accomplished at some future time at a different location by the addition of the correct proportion of catalyst in solution .
This property refers to the greatest longitudinal stress or tension a material can endure without tearing apart .
The foam can be made into slab stock and cut to shape , it can be molded , it can be poured-in-place , it can be applied by spray guns , etc. .
It only takes a few minutes for the foaming action to be completed and after a short cure , the material can be cut into lengths as desired .
Profile cutting machines are available which can split foam to any desired thickness and produce sine , triangle , trapezoid , and other profiles in variable heights , dimensions , etc. .
The convoluted sheets can be combined to attain certain cushioning effects mechanically rather than chemically .
Also available is a slitter which `` peels '' the inside of a folded block of foam and can be used to slit continuous sheets up to 300 yd. in length , down to 1/16 in. thick .
The low cost and ease of fabrication of the dies for three-dimensional foam cutting plus the wide variety of shapes , dimensions , and contours that can be tailor-made to customer requirements has made the technique useful for producing case liners , materials handling containers , packaging and cushioning devices , and such novelties as soap dishes , toys , head rests , arch supports , and gas pedal covers .
Only by resorting to molding techniques can the cushion manufacturer hope to compete satisfactorily in the established cushion market .
Sets of weights are provided so that the load can be selected in the range of 1/2 to 4 pounds .
As it will be discussed later , peripheral defocusing can be improved on by utilizing curved fiber couplers .
The field-flattening property of the biconcave fiber coupler can be utilized to alleviate the peripheral resolution losses resulting with a flat phosphor-screen or coupling member .
This condition can be satisfied , e.g. , with Af and Af or equivalent glass combinations .
A sufficiently good approximation for determining the end reflection losses R can be obtained from the angle independent Fresnel formula : Af .
Since we are considering here relatively small diameter ( 1 - 1.5 inches ) fiber plates , their average thickness can be kept below 1/4 inch and their internal losses may be assumed as 15 percent ( per plate ) .
It is obvious that such an influence can only be expected in the final stage of an image intensifier at rather high output levels .
At the same time , every device that can be employed to reduce the number of variables is of the greatest value , and it is one of the attractive features of dynamic programming that room is left for ingenuity in using the special features of the problem to this end .
When the policy has been chosen , the state of the product can be obtained from the state of the feed by repeated application of the transformation ( 1 ) ; ;
The policy may not be unique but the maximum value of P certainly is , and once the policy is specified this maximum can be calculated by ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) as a function of the feed state Af .
The sequence of equations ( 6 ) can be solved for Af when Af is known , and clearly Af , the maximization being over all admissible Af .
Proceeding in this way up the table we extract the complete optimal policy and , if it is desired , we can check on Af by evaluating Af at the last stage .
We can , however , maximize its expected value .
Thus if the gyro and platform-controller combination maintains the platform with zero angular deviation about the **yf axis , the system can be rotated with an angular velocity Af if a torque is supplied to the gyro output axis Aj .
It is assumed that the gyros are designed with electrical torquers so that a torque can be applied about their output axes .
However , the leveling operation can be maintained and controlled remotely with no mechanical or optical contact with the platform .
The leveling process can be accomplished manually , and the results are as satisfactory as those obtained with automatic equipment .
With integration , the effect of a small acceleration ( or small platform tilt angle ) can be seen after a time .
With the gyro-stabilized platform leveled , it can be headed in the proper direction by using surveying techniques .
This can be done to a high degree of accuracy by existing surveying techniques .
When the platform is aligned , the reflected image of the crossed hairs can be seen exactly superimposed upon the original crossed hairs .
The images can easily be aligned with a high degree of accuracy .
However , this difficulty is not too serious if it is realized that a surveying team can establish a true north base line with a few days' work .
If the platform is not too high off the ground , a transit can be mounted on a stand to raise it up to the platform .
The transit can be replaced by an autocollimator .
This instrument provides an electrical signal proportional to the angular deviations of the platform and can be used to automatically hold the platform on true heading .
If the drift error is systematic , it can be canceled with a bias circuit which can be arranged and adjusted to supply the required compensating current .
The sensing of this rotation by the X gyro can be utilized to direct the platform into proper heading .
`` I can fix him something later in the afternoon when we get home '' .
`` You are looking tired and there you can rest .
He merely said , `` Any good decorator these days can make you a tasteful home '' .
I can do business with that kind '' .
This is why I say we just can't go ahead and disarm the Germans and pull down our own defenses .
By that time , perhaps something better can be done '' .
The young banker looked at him with a certain surprise , and then he said flatly : `` I'm afraid I can't tell you anything in particular about Kent House .
Sonuvabitch , I can't figure out what in hell for they went and put niggers in my squad for .
When I talked to Ching about it , he said , Everyone can learn , if he is not a Reactionary or lazy .
Less bull the more you can do with em .
You can do anything with these dumb fucks if you know how .
For it is such a distinguished place , with such fine works of art and such a big library , that there can be little doubt but that the owner has become depraved by all this culture .
`` You can't go in that way '' ! !
As for this rider , I never saw him before or afterwards and never saw him dismounted , so whether he stood tall or short in his shoes , I can't say ; ;
If we cluster together , the redcoats can make an advantage out of it , but there's not a blessed thing they can do with two or three of us except chase us , and we can outrun them '' .
How can we have a good city unless we respect morality '' ? ?
`` There can be no compromise when souls are in jeopardy '' .
He thought : Only in my heart can I make the world hang together .
We can expect more of the same .
`` See , Argiento , if you control the way these folds are bunched , like this , or made to flow , you can enrich the body attitudes .
They can have as much tactile appeal as flesh and bone '' .
I told him you are on orders from the Home Army to get inside Majdanek so you can make a report to the government in exile in London '' .
`` Can he be trusted '' ? ?
`` How can you tell an insane man to reason or a blind man to see '' ? ?
He can make you work papers .
I don't know if I can get you into the inner camp .
Maybe yes , maybe no , but you can observe everything from the roof of a barrack we are building '' .
`` Can't understand why the hell anyone wants to go inside that son-of-a-bitch place '' .
He can't object to that '' .
Poor devil he can't have been too happy either .
`` But brother I can't take a job right now '' , she said with her eyes on her ice cream , `` I'm going to have a baby , Francis Xavier's baby , my own husband's baby '' .
`` Unless the oyabun has been working on it '' , he said , then checked himself and added : `` You can tell Kayabashi-san that the back road is in very good condition and will be quite safe for his party to use '' .
Do you think you can manage it '' ? ?
Konishi can help you .
we can return the following morning
`` And in the future , since I write for a public of one , I can save the poor publishers from wasting their money '' .
`` How can you say such a thing ? ?
How far could it be , Watson thought bleakly , how far can a blind man crawl ? ?
Can you walk ? ?
-- Why , course I can .
I can walk real good .
I can see it from this window where I write .
It all began on an autumn afternoon -- and who , after all these centuries , can describe the fineness of an autumn day ? ?
`` And I am not sure that I have any cash -- any money , that is -- but if you will wait just a minute I will write you out a check if I can find my checkbook .
`` Please come down as soon as you conveniently can '' , the upright letters stalked from the broad-nibbed pen , `` I have an important matter to discuss with you '' .
`` I can't '' .
a pile of wire cages for mice from his time as a geneticist and a microscope lying on its side on the window sill , vertical steel columns wired for support to the open ceiling beams with spidery steel cantilevers jutting out into the air , masonry constructions on the floor from the time he was inventing his disastrous fireplace whose smoke would pass through a whole house , visible all the way up through wire gratings on each floor .
Enjoy being a bride while you can '' .
`` Can't you see I'm busy '' ? ?
Listening , I felt cheated and lonely as only an orphan can .
`` There are things about me that I can't tell you now , Mary Jane '' , I said , `` but if you'll go out to dinner with me when I get out of Hanover , I'd like to tell you the whole story .
I can say this : I'm dead serious about going back to school .
Can you find it all right '' ? ?
`` Make it as snappy as you can , will you '' ? ?
If he does , it's still better than an even chance he won't notice the transposition of the numbers , and if he should notice it , the thing can be passed off as an honest mistake .
not like the cracker-box construction of so many of the motel units that have stucco all over the outside but walls that are thin enough so you can hear every movement of the people in the adjoining apartment .
It's one thing to go without food when you're occupied with some work or when you're simply postponing a meal , but when you're dependent on someone else and know that you can't eat until he's bedded down for the night , hunger can be a gnawing torture .
`` Diets can be terrible '' , the girl said .
`` Why can't I leave her locked up in the tool crib '' ? ?
In the tool crib she can't get away '' .
Lauren said , `` Why can't I call my home ? ?
I can sit here in the car while you walk around the corner '' .
I can drop you back here to pick mine up '' .
Will that pay for a pint I can take with me .
I can look it up .
And can't say I blame you '' , said Angie thoughtfully .
I can't wait no two weeks '' .
I don't know if I can manage it tonight or tomorrow , but I'll try my best , my friend .
`` Think I can't count '' ? ?
Oh , well , you can't really blame Lolotte .
What can they do if they find them '' ? ?
`` They can't do anything .
`` Can't you possibly imagine what life is going to be like , here '' ? ?
`` Miss Sarah , I can't cut up no chicken .
Can you imagine yourself forgetting under the circumstances that you are approaching this startling and unexpected situation so unsuitably hatted and armed with a paper horn ? ?
Is there any other time in which a man can live '' ? ?
Could your future , your immediate future , be made to include taking us upstairs , giving us a bit of space in which our friend can work , and making available to him your finger tips '' ? ?
`` I can't see what would make it necessary for you to know .
You may think we didn't need Nancy and Jean , but you always get what you can when you can , and we had no guarantee that a fingerprint record on them couldn't be useful before we were through with this case .
If you can possibly avoid it , you don't hand out any extra chances .
It was still a very big world , despite all the modern cant to the contrary .
Andy told him , `` Bake , I wish you'd talk to Skolman , see if some kind of p. a. system can be rigged up outside .
`` I can't stop you from doing what you think is right .
I can hardly wait '' .
Andy said , `` Well , I guess we can't wait any longer .
There's a couple of call-backs I can work on '' .
Nothing broken that can't be mended '' .
`` I can't be underfoot every time those cops turn around ! !
You can't wander along in the dark , can you ? ?
Let her call Crosson if she wanted to , let Crosson raise the roof or even can him , he didn't care .
Why , Holden said to himself , surprised at his own sudden insight , I'll bet some of those people who enter are just as happy as can be .
They've worried , they've lain awake nights , they've shook at the slightest footstep , they've pictured their own destruction , and now it's all over and they can give up .
( Anyone active enough can reach a roof , wherever his room may be .
For all her domineering ways , I can't conceive of her having had a deadly enemy '' .
Look , old man , you can't go up .
`` And you know I can do it '' .
Finally , Orville intoned through his hawk nose , `` We can't have people running in any time they please , Sergeant '' .
Can't have it .
A district station can't run smoothly , unless '' -- He interrupted himself , looking around Gun at the doorway .
`` She's honest as the day '' , Mr. Phillips said , and added , `` Mr. Gunnar , I can say this to you : Beebe is a little too honest .
You can't tell a customer how much it's going to cost him to refinance his payments before he even signs for a loan on the money down ! !
`` Can I tell you a secret ? ?
How can I find him ? ?
He considered opening a can of beer but vetoed that idea too .
If you want a picture get to the corner of Adams and Clark just as fast as you can .
Told them I can handle this '' .
You must know what gets into people , even such as Red and Handley , before you can tell what comes out of them .
) Even I can remember nothing but ruined cellars and tumbled pillars , and nobody has lived there in the memory of any living man .
After the usual Honorable Sirs , it went on to say that there had been set off to the widow one full third part of the real estate of the deceased Salu Norberg , one lower room , on the Western side , privileges to the well and bake-oven and to one third of the cellar ( I can show you the cellar when we go up ) , also one Cow Right , and lastly they set off to the widow her own land that she brought with her as dower , namely the Beech Pasture .
It must have been the sort of look that can call a bluff without saying a word .
`` Guess I can't think of anyone , Pete .
She can drop dead '' ! !
I think I can manage one more favor for you '' .
You can work on this one while I'm gone , kill it if you want '' .
`` We can't take a chance on that .
Thinking like that can get you into a padded pad .
Then , after I'm back , another fifty so you can put some mileage on yourself and have a solid alibi somewhere while I take care of your seat cover boy '' .
But your friend Manny can go any time '' .
Now that Short is Supreme Bishop he'll do all right , he can't help it .
`` You can't touch him .
Oh , you can submit a requisition for a miracle if you want to make a fool of yourself .
The Martians have their own setup , different from ours , and as long as they need him , we can't touch him .
`` You mean this punk can brush me aside and I've got to hold still for it '' ? ?
Jubal couldn't reconstruct the crime from the way the girls behaved because patterns kept shifting -- ABC vs D , then BCD vs A or AB vs CD , or AD vs CB , through all ways that four women can gang up on each other .
that is all I can tell you about them .
I can't tell you now the distance in lightyears or what star this was , though you can see it with the naked eye at night in this hemisphere .
`` You can't see them yet , Jack .
But I can't take you to Earth yet .
`` Nobody else can live in your hearth while I am in it '' , Hesperus said promptly .
`` How can a planet with so many neighbors be so lonely '' ? ?
`` Some can be lonely in a crowd '' , Nogol said elaborately .
`` We can breathe out there , all right .
Take my word , can't you '' ? ?
`` I don't think I can .
`` Well '' , remarked one gentleman who had been forced to accompany his wife , `` the good Lord can eat where angels fear to tread '' .
I can talk .
We can die , too , we can die like real people .
`` Of course you can .
Now I can only write , and that only when I get out of pain .
`` I could use some help '' , Morgan said finally , `` but I can't afford to pay you anything .
`` Think you can walk to the table '' ? ?
`` I mean , we don't have any way to get there and we can't expect you to quit work just to take us to town '' .
I just can't take any chances on getting her pregnant , and if we were sleeping together ''
`` You can't stay here with me .
`` You can't make me go '' .
God in Heaven , I can't refuse you now .
Can't let you go way from me again '' He closed his eyes , ashamed of his tears .
You can't '' --
He swung round to the other men -- `` We can catch him easy ! !
There's only one way they can get out now and that's through the Gap -- if we ride hard we can take them '' .
The rest of us can fort up in the house and hang on until you get back .
I'll stampede the rest of these horses so they can't chase you '' .
An ammunition case stood open , containing canisters which contained powder cartridges .
He picked up the powder canister and ran out .
Bursting paper cartridges , he scattered powder beneath the nearest wagon and dumped the contents of the canister upon it .
`` I can take care of this .
I don't know what makes you think you can get away with this kind of business , and I don't care about that , either .
`` The road's washed badly '' , said Dill , `` but there's a trail you can get over with a horse .
`` But you can't ride into the Ferry .
`` I can't leave him there .
After they had finished eating , Melissa took Sprite the kitten under her arm -- `` so that Auntie Grace can teach it about the whistle '' -- and climbed into the station wagon beside her mother .
So I can hear you while I'm checkin' the car .
Print it in real big letters , an' I can cipher it out later '' .
`` Can't you stop that stupid clowning for even a minute '' ? ?
`` I know you've got a grudge against me , and maybe I can't blame you .
`` That I can't answer , for I can't imagine something like this happening to me .
Like Luis , I can't see something like this happening to me .
The others put on old coats or ducking jackets , whichever they carried behind their saddle cantles .
`` Don't start anything you can't finish '' .
`` Can't you guess '' ? ?
You reckon there's two men in this state can shoot like that '' ? ?
`` Yeah , I can see that '' , the friend was forced to agree .
Now turn around so I can see your face '' .
`` You can forget about Brenner , too '' , Curt said .
`` Got a lot to tend to , but I'll get back quick as I can '' , he assured her .
I can see Dan .
`` Golly '' , Rod exclaimed to Harmony as he dutifully stood by her side among the ringed spectators , `` don't that fiddle make you wish the Bible didn't say us Baptists can't dance '' ? ?
`` Don't reckon there's nobody out there , 'cept maybe Dan , who can outgrip me , Harmony '' .
Besides , 'tain't no more'n right for me to follow with my black oxen , so's I can unhook and pull up fast if either of you get in a pinch '' .
`` That is , if we can be sure this is Colcord's money '' --
We can soon tell '' .
Clapping spurs to the bronc he set off at a sharp canter , with growing alarm .
`` I've got her as neat as I can '' , Donovan said , as he dropped the straps of the Seton harness over Greg's shoulders .
If any of us miss , they can pick up the pieces .
I could show what I can do '' .
`` You might as well wait here while I'm gone , so you can use my shower if you'd like '' .
It'll probably be at least an hour or two before I can check back with you .
`` Oh , you can count on that '' .
`` Can't say yet .
The true artist is like one of those scientists who , from a single bone can reconstruct an animal's entire body .
It is nothing you can put your fingers on but the air suddenly fills with a high charge of electricity .
Even as I said it I realized that an education can be invaluable .
`` I know what we can do '' , I said .
I think I have a way so we can carry on without his suspecting us '' .
and now I think we can use the knowledge they passed on to us .
To this meek conjugation Nicolas had replied , `` O.K. I can use this blanket .
And when you get off this job tonight , well , you can gimme something to eat '' .
I can never pronounce it '' .
`` We can get it if we dig '' , he said patiently .
`` Or do you want to see if I can stand fever , too '' ? ?
`` We can boil it '' , he said .
`` I suppose '' , he muttered , `` I can sell the outfit for enough to send you home to your folks , once we find a settlement '' .
It is Eromonga -- look hard , you can see with your naked eye the wooden scaffolding on the cliff '' .
One tiny detail in a happening can clog the memory and stick like meat in a crooked tooth , while the rest of the occurrence will go hazy and uncertain .
`` Can you hear , can you talk to me '' ? ?
It can kill you .
`` Can I make you one '' ? ?
Can't seem to locate landmarks in this snow '' .
`` All right , if you can't do your arithmetic during school hours you can do it after school is out '' , Miss Langford said firmly , not smiling .
Curly hair , high cheekbones , wide gnomelike mouth , a pair of drummer's blocky hands , and a body that said well , maybe I can wrestle you for ten minutes -- but then I'm finished .
`` It would make me feel a lot better , but the Woman's Exchange isn't taking baked goods any more and I can't leave the baby with Grandma because she isn't strong enough and the baby's too young to be put in a nursery '' .
`` For one thing you can stop keeping that child in starched dresses and changed from the skin out nineteen times a day '' .
She said , `` Well , those are the really interesting things , but if you don't like any of those I can turn over some of my extra typing jobs to you , if you think you can type well enough '' .
`` Don't worry , I can get plenty more '' , Eugenia said , wondering where in the world she could .
`` And then whenever I have a minute I can be working at it , and keep an eye on the baby and the stove at the same time .
And I can go back to my contests and be thinking while I'm doing the washing '' .
`` You can joke ! !
`` Can't blame a man for leavin' his wife '' , he said quite cheerfully .
Man in a boat , there's a lot of places he can put in at and a lot of reasons he can be away for a bit .
`` If it ain't an idea '' , she said , `` how comes it you can drink beer but not water '' ? ?
`` I don't believe I know you , and I can't understand your quaint brand of English -- it was meant to be English , wasn't it '' ? ?
He may not rise to the heights , but he can get by , and eventually be retired .
`` Thanks '' , Owen said , `` but Friday is a long way off and anything can happen '' .
`` You see '' , she said , looking past him into the room , where the highball glasses sparkled dully in the bright light , `` you and I can't understand the many hardships they have to undergo '' .
`` I can imagine '' , she said .
Can't you help them '' ? ?
`` You can't build on your hit-and-miss five-seventeen '' .
This Sparky can rack and single-foot and he's the fastest thing in Washoe County .
I figure if I can get any kind of publicity campaign going , I'll land him on TV -- you know , one of those favorite horses for some Western hero .
`` We ran into a guy at the Pagan Room who guarantees we can beat the wheel .
Gansevoort said , `` It requires an omniscient eye to select those if any on whom we can now rely .
`` You are the only man aboard who can be in doubt '' .
He can even be a mild-voiced little-town guy with big-town ideas and level gray eyes and a heart even Houdini couldn't figure out , how it is unlocked .
And he can be on the way to Memphis , your Gratt Shafer can , and you discover you can stay alive and hate him and love him and want him even if it means you want him -- really want him -- dead .
Because if you can't then nobody else can either , nobody else can have him .
And you know you will always wonder all of your life whether it was because you wanted him so bad that you didn't get him , and you can feel nearly sorry enough to cry when you think of that other guy , the chump who begged you to marry him , the one with the plastered hair and the car he couldn't afford and the too-shiny shoes .
I said , `` Mr. McKenzie , it is as authentic as careful research can make it '' .
`` I don't think I've reached the point , yet , where I can say I know everything I ought to know about the craft .
We hold safe little jobs illustrating tooth-paste ads or the salacious incidents in trivial novels , and most of our easel painting is nothing but picking the fluff out of the navel so it can be contemplated in greater purity .
`` I can't find it in the glove compartment '' .
Prisoners brought to the dock accused of murder or accident say they cannot remember , and reading the accounts of their testimony you cannot believe that the mind can remove , absent itself , unsee .
In my person they would always remember that last long time of me alone with her , so if they told themselves that I could have prevented it , I can understand that by now and love them still , because everyone must justify , have a scapegoat for what is not to be borne .
Can't you get another pair '' ? ?
Can't you wear something else and look a little more as though you belonged '' ? ?
`` Since we're having coffee with them this afternoon '' , he said , `` I think I'll ask the daughter if we can pay her to come in every day to clean for us '' .
And he waited for her to say , `` Oh , no , I can do it , Sam .
I can't help it '' .
Go back where you can bring no harm , or I will go and get the old man from his bed so he can see your shame '' ! !
`` I can manage '' .
But sometimes life can be rather a disappointing business '' .
`` I can imagine '' ! !
He was Canute controlling the waves .
A dark bathroom can be pretty scary , and he'd creep back to bed , proud of himself , thinking : Tomorrow , for sure , I'll go down to the rock and keep my promise to Dad .
Look , I can put two fingers between the cords in the back of your neck .
I can't go in .
`` I can speak both kinds of Latin , smart aleck '' .
Dr. Fortman says if I exercise my leg more , maybe I can use a cane when I'm big '' .
Even though this is my rock , you can use it sometimes .
Personally , I prefer straight hair like yours , but as they say on the Continent , ' What can one do ' '' ? ?
`` You can't serve cod and salmon '' .
`` You can always tell a real gentleman -- they got a certain je ne say quok '' .
The baby can have an early nap .
And also , the money can't mean as much to Bobbie .
But if you're worried you can go home and check '' --
`` I can't leave the party ! !
Old Mr. Thom is already down on Wally , and we simply can't afford to get Ken mad at us '' --
`` I can't make it in ten minutes '' -- Wondering , as I said it , why I should make it at all .
`` Wally's drunk -- I'll get him out of here as soon as I possibly can , but I don't want Shirley to see him like this .
`` How can you be so damn stupid ? ?
Wally can't go any place at this hour '' --
`` In the morning you and Wally can talk things out '' --
Now maybe they'd realize that life can be tough .
There is one big way we can help them .
We can let them move in with us '' --
Well , now she can sleep in the street for all I care '' ! !
`` You can get something , '' Nadine would snap .
`` You can get a job working in a grocery store , if nothing else '' .
Turning toward the patient again , I -- I can't describe what happened to me then , except to say that I felt sick .
Maybe it's nothing , maybe it's intraepithelial or in situ -- can't take any chances '' .
`` If you can keep her here that long '' , Pete said wryly .
`` Well , better see what I can do '' .
`` I sure can't complain about the service in this place '' , she said .
`` I don't know what you heard that would make you think so , but I assure you I don't even know myself , so how can you be so sure ? ?
The next morning a little cognac made me feel better -- but what can you do in Paris on Sunday morning ? ?
`` Well -- women and unhappiness go together '' , I observed profoundly , adding , `` You can wager your derriere on that '' .
The very night after her father's funeral she had thought , though never admitted to a soul : Now I can go .
`` Can you think of anything to do '' ? ?
Can you think of anything to do '' ? ?
I may settle on some makeshift arrangements for the summer and wait until you return in the fall so we can work out together the best .
You can't keep that kind of information quiet in a town of only 4000-plus .
They were good-living religious people , and I can truthfully say I never heard them spread any gossip about anybody .
`` It can't be wrong , can it ? ?
You're not in the big leagues , but if you can't give and take down here what the hell do you think it'll be like up there '' ? ?
`` Can I ride around with you '' ? ?
`` In response to your letter , I can in good conscience recommend my son , David , in the field of leadership '' .
That you have refused to drive him into the family business or push him into a profession so you can say at the club , `` Of course David has known since he was twelve he wanted to be an engineer '' -- or a lawyer , or an editor ? ?
`` Can I have the car , Dad '' ? ?
Of course you can have it '' .
`` I can hardly say the same about you , Dave '' ! !
Can you really say his motivation for college is electronics '' ? ?
You can't run a war with ninety-nine generals and one private '' ! !
I can be as stubborn as she can , he thought ; ;
The future of manned aircraft is in doubt , which affects government procurement , and jet transports have revolutionized the airline trade -- one jet can take the place of three compound-engine planes .
This means the aircraft companies are going to tear into the government market , looking for anything they can get and making the competition tough .
Can't you stay with what you have and wait till the dust settles '' ? ?
Will you see if you can help me '' ? ?
Well , I can't resolve this myself .
I can't guarantee you a sympathetic audience '' .
Can't we put an end to this , Arthur '' ? ?
If we can't raise the capital , we're through .
`` I suppose I can never expect to call you ' General ' after that Washington episode '' .
I can lead you to every one of the bodies , and there ain't four , nor five , nor six of 'em -- there's seven ! !
Here's a household hint : if you can't find your children , and get tired of calling them , pick up the phone .
( Sometimes I think you need only one rule for cooking : if you can't put garlic in it , put chocolate in it .
Even though I have always had a genius for `` throwing myself '' into every role and `` playing it for all it's worth '' , no actress can be expected to do her best work when her fortune , her reputation , her livelihood , her home and her nation itself are all imperilled .
The times I can recall when I was publicly humiliated by him -- lovely dinner parties in our Trianon Suite where the collation was postponed and postponed and postponed , only to be served dry and overcooked at a table where the host's chair was vacant ; ;
`` I can't turn the studio into a gambling hell or a saloon '' , I said .
That ain't too bad 'ceptin' the light company's so busy you can't ever get 'em to do nothin' '' .
`` Those are the things I can do , now that I'm set up '' .
And a witty American journalist remarked over a century ago what is even more true today , `` Many a writer seems to think he is never profound except when he can't understand his own meaning '' .
`` Senator '' , said an interviewer , `` your constituents can't understand from your speech last night just how you stand on the question '' .
Now can you tell me who was drunk -- The man , his wife , or me '' ? ?
`` If you can fix it up with the undertaker '' , returned the politician , `` it's all right with me '' .
After Gagarin became the Greatest Man in the World , for a nation that does not believe in the cult of personality or in careerism , Moreland wrote me a letter in which he said : `` I am not interested in how long a bee can live in a vacuum , or how far it can fly .
`` Can I bear it '' ? ?
-- if that can be screamed in their language '' .
But , like Caesar , he has only one joke , so far as I can find out .
I know something that is much more fun that we can do on our little lawn '' .
( Norman Mailer ) , but no one can deny that the screen crackles with electricity whenever he is on it .
If , however , it would help to intensify your anguish , I can delimit the powers of a few of the divinities you've affronted and describe the punishment they meted out in one analogous instance .
Any reputable French interne can supply you with a dozen similar instances , and I'll presently recount a case out of my own personal experience , but , for the moment , let's resume our catalogue .
Whosoever violates our rooftree , the legend states , can expect maximal sorrow .
you can't very well sidle up to people on the street and ask if they want to buy a hot Bodhisattva .
As you can count on me to do the same .
In his Mansion House speech , Mr. Lawson warned that a further slowdown can be expected as the impact of the last rise in interest rates earlier this month takes effect .
Thursday , he reminded his audience that the government `` can not allow the necessary rigor of monetary policy to be undermined by exchange rate weakness . ''
And `` shippers are getting the feeling that they have played one trucker off against another as much as they can , '' he said .
It must be able to handle most of the complaints that can not be solved in the trenches by managers and their subordinates , else the company court or adjudicators will be inundated with cases .
Coach them in handling complaints so that they can resolve problems immediately .
Though the assassination ban is a White House order that Congress never voted on , the intelligence committees can exercise influence over its interpretation .
Signal , which has an estimated 10,000 subscribers and is profitable , provides stock quotes over an FM radio band that can be received by specially equipped personal computers .
How can a company be considered `` privatized '' if the state is so heavily represented in it ?
Yet clearly , modernization must embrace its key industries before it can be said to have caught the `` privatization bug . ''
The board could eventually come under some pressure to sell the company because its members can be ousted by a majority shareholder vote , particularly since one-third of UAL stock is held by takeover stock speculators who favor a sale .
OPEC 's ability to produce more oil than it can sell is starting to cast a shadow over world oil markets .
Kodak entered the high-definition television market by unveiling a device that can convert conventional film into high-definition video .
`` All our efforts are now focused on improving earnings to the point where we can fund additional new-country development , continue to invest in the business and reinstate the dividend , '' he added .
Died : Alfred Hayes , 79 , former president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , Saturday , in New Canaan , Conn .
`` You have to have clear feelings about someone before you can make jokes , '' says an East German mother of two who loves swapping political barbs with her friends .
But whether such moves can win back the confidence of East Germans , who have taken to the streets by the thousands in recent weeks to demand democratic changes , depends largely on whether they feel they can trust Mr. Krenz .
At the Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory in California , new experiments indicated that the lithium added to the heavy water so it will conduct a current can produce previously unsuspected electrical effects on the surface of the palladium rod -- which Messrs. Fleischmann and Pons might have misinterpreted , reported Philip Ross from the California laboratory .
In Mexico , the analyst added , employees at the Cananea mine , who have been out of work since late August when the mine was declared bankrupt by the government , accepted a 35 % cut in the 3,800-man work force .
He adds that short-term comparisons `` can be very misleading because of differences in timing of marketing programs from year to year . ''
Big franchise groups `` can ride out the storm a lot longer , '' says Mr. Harty , the Burger King operator in New York .
But once a franchisee agrees to a promotional program , the franchiser can demand full participation to the very end , says Lew Rudnick , a principal of Rudnick & Wolfe , a Chicago law firm with franchise industry clients .
And even when a specific order is acceptable to an exchange , a brokerage firm can refuse to enter it for a customer .
Once the price reaches that level , a stop order turns into a market order , and the order is filled at whatever price the broker can get .
`` If they do n't fill it immediately , then I can start over at a new price or try again with the same price . ''
It is a market order that allows floor brokers to take more time to buy or sell an investment , if they think they can get a better price by waiting .
One-Cancels-The-Other Order : This is really two orders in one , generally for the same security or commodity , instructing floor brokers to fill whichever order they can first and then cancel the other order .
`` On the close '' can be added to many types of orders .
Risk wears many disguises , and investments that are low in one type of obvious risk can be distressingly high in other , less obvious kinds .
But their value as investments can be decimated by inflation , which erodes the purchasing power of bonds ' fixed-dollar interest payments .
When it comes to investing , trying to weigh risk and reward can seem like throwing darts blindfolded : Investors do n't know the actual returns that securities will deliver , or the ups and downs that will occur along the way .
Looking to the past can provide some clues .
But while history can suggest what is reasonable to expect there 's no guarantee that the past will repeat itself .
You can , too , if you , like me , refuse to bite the bullet .
Though it 's probably safe to assume that the majority of financial planners are honest and even reasonably competent , the fact remains that , as one wag puts it , `` anybody who can fog a mirror '' can call himself a financial planner .
Nobody can estimate the toll , but John Gargan , a Tampa , Fla. , planner and head of one trade group , the International Association of Registered Financial Planners , thinks the danger to investors from incompetence is `` humongous , '' far greater than that from crookery .
Currently , a registered investment adviser can expect an SEC audit only once every 12 years .
A lot of bad things can happen in 12 years .
They can cut this to $ 691.09 a month if the investing keeps up through college .
And they can further reduce the monthly amount if they start saving earlier -- when mother and child come home from the hospital .
Plugging a cheaper college into the formulas still does n't generate an installment most people can live with .
Parents , he says , should aim at whatever regular investment sum they can afford .
Like other zeros , they pay all their interest at maturity , meaning that buyers can time things so that their bonds pay off just when Junior graduates from high school .
Unreported alimony income can be spotted by computer because a payer of alimony -LRB- who gets a deduction -RRB- must report the former spouse 's Social Security number .
Auditors involved in noncriminal projects ca n't send anyone to jail , but they can make life miserable in other ways -- for one , by imposing some of the 150 different civil penalties for negligence , failure to file a return , and the like .
`` We think we can reclaim hundreds of millions of dollars just through the nonresident project , '' Mr. Hicks declares .
The role of academic criteria in choosing Berkeley 's freshmen can only decline as a result .
In appealing to those with a bit of larceny in their hearts , the fraud artist can insist that a person keep an investment secret -- insulating himself from being discovered and keeping his victim from consulting with others .
Or an investor who wants his accountant 's advice may be told , `` You seem like a guy who can make up his own mind . ''
Shorn of all their riders , special provisions , and other bells and whistles , insurance policies can still be grouped under two broad categories : so-called pure insurance , which amasses no cash value in the policy and pays off only upon death , and permanent insurance , which provides not only a death benefit but also a cash value in the policy that can be used in various ways while the insured is still alive .
Even if you 're healthy and can renew , your premium will go up sharply because you 're that much older .
The word `` death '' can not be escaped entirely by the industry , but salesmen dodge it wherever possible or cloak it in euphemisms , preferring to talk about `` savings '' and `` investment '' instead .
But the percentage of your cash reserve that you can borrow tax-free is very small .
I can adjust the amount of insurance I want against the amount going into investment ; I can pay more or less than the so-called target premium in a given year ; and I can even skip payments if my cash reserves are enough to cover the insurance portion of the policy .
Projecting the latter over several decades , I find my cash buildup is impressive -- but can any high interest rate prevail for that long ?
Yes , he says , premiums on such variable-rate coverage can be structured to `` vanish '' after a certain period -- but usually only if interest rates stay high enough to generate sufficient cash to cover the annual cost of insurance protection .
But the catastrophic events for which the policyholder can collect are narrowly defined , vary from policy to policy , and generally permit use of only a small fraction of the face amount of insurance .
A person can do some heavy thinking about insurance there -- and shop for something more exciting while she 's doing it .
`` We can support the American flag without changing the American Constitution , '' said Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine .
Mr. Bush said he would allow the bill to become law without his signature , because he said only a constitutional amendment can protect the flag adequately .
`` We hope to sensitize employers '' to recognize the problems so they can do something about them , Dr. Warshaw said .
Early intervention into these types of problems can apparently save businesses long-term expense associated with hospitalization , which sometimes results when these problems go untreated for too long .
IT IS N'T TRUE that a 90-year old clergyman on a mission of mercy to a disaster area on Christmas Day can fly free .
But his circumstances are among the few that can qualify for the handful of really cheap airline tickets remaining in America .
In recent years , carriers have become much more picky about who can fly on the cheap .
But there still are a few ways today 's traveler can qualify under the airline 's many restrictions .
-LRB- Airlines are n't lowering fares to Northern California following this week 's earthquake , but reservation agents can waive advance-purchase restrictions on discount fares for emergency trips . -RRB-
That way , they can be home in time for work Sunday .
A woman who once would have saved for two or three seasons to buy a U.S.-made mink can now get an imported mink right away for less than $ 2,000 .
Since then he has expanded his fleet and can now bring his furs to the front door of retailers as far away as the Midwest .
Dr. Andrew McBride , city health director , said his staff suspects the hepatitis , which can be highly contagious , was spread by the cafeteria worker with the virus .
Although Olivetti 's profits tumbled 40 % in the first half of this year , she believes Olivetti 's restructuring last fall and its introduction of new products will begin to bear fruit with an earnings rebound next year , especially if it can fulfill its promise to deliver the new machines by December .
Depending on the type of software and peripherals used , the machines can serve either as the main computer in a network of many terminals -LRB- a role usually filled by a minicomputer -RRB- , as a technical workstation or as a very fast personal computer .
The Intel 486 chip can process 15 million instructions per second , or MIPS , while Intel 's previous 386 chip could handle only 3 to 6 MIPS .
`` Now the interest is in what else can I do with that money . ''
Among the souped-up indexing strategies : Indexed portfolios can be built around thousands of stocks , or just a few dozen , rather than being restricted to the S&P 500 companies .
They can ignore the S&P 500 stocks altogether and focus on particular types of stocks , such as smaller companies , those paying high dividends or companies in a particular industry , state or country .
With today 's computer-driven program trading techniques , index funds can trade back and forth between stock-index futures and the actual stocks making up indexes such as the S&P 500 .
Futures and options also make it possible to build `` synthetic '' index funds that do n't actually own a single share of stock , but can produce returns that match or exceed the broad stock market .
Plain-vanilla funds have become so commonplace that fees they can charge have plunged to almost nothing , and in some cases are just that .
Instead of hiring one of the many active managers specializing in growth stocks , indexers can design a portfolio around the same stocks ; the portfolio will be maintained by computer , reducing both fees and , in theory , risk -LRB- because of the large number of stocks -RRB- .
One simple approach is to exclude S&P 500 companies considered bankruptcy candidates ; this can avoid weak sisters , but also can hurt when a company like Chrysler Corp. rebounds .
Indexes can be constructed to serve social goals , such as eliminating the stocks of companies doing business in South Africa .
Traders who sell short borrow stock and sell it , betting that the stock 's price will decline and that they can buy the shares back later at a lower price for return to the lender .
Some analysts suggest , however , that the ratio has weakened in value as an indicator because options and other products can be used to hedge short positions .
The infusion of activists can bring a clash of cultures .
Abortion alone ca n't explain this shift , but New Jersey is a model of how so personal an issue can become a baseline of sorts in judging a candidate .
`` If you 're going to be consistent and say it is a constitutionally protected right , '' he asks , `` how are you going to say an upscale woman who can drive to the hospital or clinic in a nice car has a constitutional right and someone who is not in great shape financially does not ? ''
Vail , Colo. , now has a playland that looks like an old mining town ; kids can ski through and pan for fool 's gold .
For $ 15 , they can enjoy their own nightly entertainment , with dinner , without mom and dad .
In one phone call , ski buffs can make hotel and restaurant reservations , buy lift tickets , rent ski equipment and sign up for lessons .
During Winter Carnival week , for example , visitors at Sunday River in Maine can take a hot-air balloon ride .
For one thing , it may be tough to attract people because skiing is still expensive : a lift ticket can cost up to $ 35 a day and equipment prices are rising .
James B. Lee , head of syndications and private placements at Chemical Banking Corp. , said he believes banks can still make a credible offer of one-stop shopping for takeover finance .
When things are quiet -LRB- low volatility -RRB- , the structures on which markets stand can be relatively inefficient and still perform their functions adequately .
Lack of important , needed information can cause fear .
In fact it can be argued that increasing capital commitments by market makers -LRB- a result of some post-1987 crash studies -RRB- also increases market volatility , since the more securities are held by market makers at any given time , the more selling pressure is overhanging the market .
For those investors who believe -- or fear -- that 1990 will be a recession year , many economists and money managers agree on steps that can be taken to lower the risks in a portfolio .
It 's tempting to think these defensive steps can be delayed until a recession is clearly at hand .
That means that a corporation , after a specified amount of time has passed , can buy back its bonds by paying investors the face value -LRB- plus , in some cases , a sweetener -RRB- .
A soft landing is n't something that can be achieved once and for all , Mr. Confair adds .
For people who can ride out market waves through good times and bad , stocks have been rewarding long-term investments .
State law enforcers can barely keep up with charity scams , and reports from watchdog groups such as the Council of Better Business Bureaus are not encouraging .
On this basis , `` there 's no way the average person can know a good charity from a bad one , '' says David Ormstedt , an assistant attorney general in Connecticut .
The charity admits spending a lot on fund raising , but says that was necessary to establish a donor base it can tap at much lower cost in years to come .
While they can target some of the most obvious miscreants , enforcers concede that they are only scratching the surface .
The established charities are bothered by this but say they can do little about it .
Most of them do n't last for long , but in the meantime all we can do is tell people they are n't connected with us , '' says a spokeswoman for the American Heart Association .
But he cautioned that Westmoreland 's third quarter is typically better than the fourth , so investors `` should n't just multiply the third quarter by four '' and assume the same rate of improvement can be sustained .
`` I do n't want to give the impression that everybody can relax now , '' he said .
And when you 're making a movie this big , you need all the help you can get , '' Mr. De Palma adds .
That kind of spread can be critical for money managers who buy bonds in large quantities and whose livelihood depends on outperforming the money manager across the street .
He points out that institutions buying asset-backed issues in large quantities can earn higher spreads over Treasurys than individuals buying smaller amounts .
Another concern is liquidity , or how easily a security can be converted into cash .
In addition , an investor who wants to know the daily value of Treasury bonds , or corporate bonds traded on the New York Stock Exchange , can simply check newspaper listings .
But skeptics ask why you should bother buying this stuff when you can get only slightly lower yields on government-guaranteed paper .
At the very least , a recession would prompt investors to buy the highest-quality bonds they can find -- that is , Treasurys .
Any secret can be pirated , the experts said , if it is transmitted over the air .
Even rank amateurs can do it if they spend a few thousand dollars for a commercially available microwave receiver with amplifier and a VCR recorder .
`` You can have a dozen competitors stealing your secrets at the same time , '' Mr. Matchett said , adding : `` It 's a pretty good bet they wo n't get caught . ''
While he did n't comment directly on the pact between Ciba-Geigy and the university , he said Merieux can transfer new products and technologies to Connaught more rapidly than other companies `` not currently producing and marketing vaccines -LCB- who -RCB- can only promise this for some ... years in the future . ''
In an unusually direct statement , the bureau spokesman recommended that state banks extend more credit to shopkeepers so that they can purchase manufacturers ' goods .
`` These days , anything can happen .
When the champ has lost his stuff , the great mystery novelist wrote , `` when he can no longer throw the high hard one , he throws his heart instead .
The company said it expects sales to improve due to a number of new products , including a `` pump '' basketball shoe that can be inflated to better fit the foot .
Democracy can be cruel to politicians : Sometimes it forces them to make choices .
Though Democrats can gloat at all this for now , they may want to contain their glee .
Mark , an oil and gas concern , said the 15-year debentures are convertible before maturity at C$ 12.50 for each Mark common share , and can be redeemed at the company 's option , under certain conditions , after Nov. 30 , 1992 .
First they get us to buy computers so we can get more information .
Then the computers give us more information than we can ever read .
Moreover , Individual Inc. 's computers can weigh the value of an article based on how closely the story matches the subscriber 's interest area .
`` The computers find all the key words they can , but the editors confirm every one .
Mr. Golomb says each of his computers can produce and send about 75 unique newsletters a night .
And if a user is busy , `` he can set it for crisis mode : ` Do n't bother me with reports until Monday . ' ''
`` If I can show signs of maturity , almost anybody can , '' he jokes .
Now , the first order of business is raising enough money to keep his team afloat -- a new yacht will cost about $ 3 million alone , and sailing syndicate budgets can easily run to $ 25 million for a Cup challenge .
The loss of 40 jobs by a depressed county in rural Missouri is hardly of national importance except for this : If the most environmentally safe way of dealing with a national problem can not be built in Atchinson County , what hope have we for dealing with the wastes our economy produces ?
Some of this buying was by Japan , which has had its supplies sharply reduced by long production stoppages at the Bougainville mine in Papua New Guinea , Highland Valley mine in British Columbia , and the Cananea mine in Mexico , which are major shippers to Japan .
The increasing likelihood that Cananea and Highland Valley will soon return to production may have cut some of that purchasing , but even if any of these mines begin operating soon , their output wo n't be significant until at least the end of the year , analysts note .
The major legal barrier is the principle that no one can be held liable for an `` act of God . ''
Therefore , engineering firms , construction contractors and developers can be sued for not keeping structures up to standard , and government agencies can be held accountable for failing to properly protect citizens from such a foreseeable disaster , if negligence can be proven .
But if defendants can prove that they met San Francisco 's stringent building codes , `` that 's probably going to protect them , '' Mr. Ruvolo says .
Many companies in the path of potential disaster have set up contingency offices in safe regions , hoping they can transport employees there and resume operations quickly .
This way , depending on when a quake might strike , priorities can be assigned to departments that should be brought back on line first .
`` That means we can accept orders '' and begin getting back to normal , says Ms. Tharp .
`` We feel we are doing everything we can , '' an Occidental spokesman says .
The centers are complete with maps detailing utility lines beneath rides and `` safe havens '' where people can be assembled away from major structures .
Because hurricanes can change course rapidly , the company sends employees home and shuts down operations in stages -- the closer a storm gets , the more complete the shutdown .
Lawyers representing five of the seven defendants in the case say their clients can no longer afford their services .
1 -RRB- Voters can `` buy '' one of two brands when they select their political agents -- a Republican brand that believes in the minimalist state and in the virtues of private markets over the vices of public action , and a Democratic brand that believes in big government and in public intervention to remedy the excesses attendant to the pursuit of private interest .
An examination of changes in personal staffing decisions in the Senate between 1986 and 1987 -LRB- when control of that body changed party hands -RRB- , moreover , reveals that the personal staffing differences noted in the table can not be attributed to the disproportionate control Democrats exercise , due to their majority-party status , over other resources such as committee staff .
We can applaud Mr. Pryor 's moment of epiphany , even as we understand that he and his confreres need restraint lest they kill again .
Today a President can still send up spending rescissions , but they 're meaningless unless Congress has a guilty conscience and changes its mind .
California lawmakers are seeking changes in rules governing the federal highway relief program so more money can be made available for the state .
`` If there 's any way you can do it , you ought to go to Idaho and go fishing for a while . ''
Manufacturers frequently do n't have anyone who is a specialist in natural gas , Clinton said , and a specialist such as Clinton can save them substantial amounts of money .
`` Texans can sniff a phony a mile away , '' the narrator warns outsiders .
The loans can be for accessory apartments , for cottages built in a relative 's yard , for home-sharing or for sale-lease-back transactions .
Bush met in Washington with Spain 's Prime Minister Gonzalez and discussed what the president called `` the unique role '' that Madrid can play in furthering democracy in Eastern Europe and Latin America .
`` One thing you can bet on , '' he says , `` is that Congress will do stupid things with the Tax Code . ''
The Dayton , Ohio , maker of parts for the building and transportation industries said holders of the two issues can convert their stock into common shares through the close of business Dec. 1 .
Each $ 1 cumulative share can be converted into 4.92 common shares ; the ratio on the $ 3 cumulative is eight common shares for each $ 3 cumulative preferred .
The `` Jiotto Caspita '' can run at over 188 miles an hour , a company spokesman said .
Okay , now you can pick up that phone .
`` Substituting a rule of thumb for your own judgment '' can be a mistake , he says .
Both can be expected to go after the market aggressively : Gartner Group Inc. , a research firm , estimated the Digital gets 30 % of its revenue from the manufacturing market , and Hewlett-Packard gets 50 % .
But much will depend on how quickly IBM can move .
That can be expensive , because the problem may not be noticed for a while , and the sheets are typically thrown away .
But Mr. Keller said that , if computers can be integrated into the process , they could alert an operator as soon as the problem occurred .
He said he `` did n't argue with '' the company 's decision to seek his resignation because contemplating outside business ventures can distract an executive from performing his best `` at the job he is paid to do . ''
When the company last considered adding the equipment two years ago , it estimated the cost at $ 21 million to $ 22 million , but a task force will have to prepare a detailed plan before the company can predict the current cost .
Cupboard doors were flying , the trash can in the kitchen walked a few feet , the dogs came running , and I scooted them into the dog run and stood in the doorway myself , watching the outside trash cans dance across the concrete .
It 's amazing how one second can so completely change your life .
`` I do n't believe in the airline business you can be totally laissez-faire because of the high degree of public interest '' at stake .
Security consultant Dennis Dalton of Ventura , Calif. , thinks mergers often trigger longer lunch hours and increased absenteeism , conduct which can sap the bottom line more than thefts .
New management can take several steps to reduce dishonesty .
`` That 's something they can do very well .
Jerome Grossman , chairman of the panel , agrees that administrative costs of utilization management programs can be high .
The Fed is easily assigned the blame for unpleasantness , like high interest rates or slow economic growth , while the politicians can escape responsibility by pointing to the Fed 's independence .
The Fed is responsive to , and can not help being responsive to , the more overtly political part of the government .
Legislation to require the consent of parents before their daughters under the age of 18 can have abortions will probably pass both houses of the Michigan legislature and set up a grinding battle to override the expected veto of Democratic Gov. James Blanchard .
`` The pro-choice movement has shown -- finally -- that it can mobilize , '' says Glen Halva-Neubauer , a Furman University political scientist who specializes in how state legislators handle the abortion question .
`` But it still has n't shown that it can win in a state like Pennsylvania or Missouri , where abortion has been clearly an electoral issue and where it 's been an emotional issue for a long time . ''
Pamela Sutherland , executive director of the Illinois Planned Parenthood Council , says she and her allies are `` cautiously optimistic '' they can defeat it if it comes to a floor vote .
`` Those who are on the other side can hardly oppose alternative funding if they continue to insist on calling themselves ` pro-choice ' rather than ` pro-abortion , ' '' says Mary Spaulding , the group 's associate state legislative coordinator .
Focusing on beer , restaurants and hotels means `` we can concentrate our skills and resources more effectively , '' Peter Jarvis , Whitbread 's managing director , said in a statement .
Analysts say Digital can expect this pent-up demand for the new VAX to fuel strong sales next year .
During the term , the lender can either receive a percentage of cash flow , a percentage of the building 's appreciation or a fixed return .
`` The pigs in the trough may have to give a little bit of the slop back and then the deal can go through , '' said Peter C. Canellos , tax partner at Wachtell , Lipton , Rosen & Katz .
And though federal law dictates that only $ 100 million can be disbursed from that fund in any one state per disaster , administration officials expect Congress to move in to authorize spending more now in California .
The $ 99 CD-ROM disk -LRB- it can only be played on an Apple Macintosh computer at the moment -RRB- combines animation , music and sound .
And , for an extra $ 6 , Land 's End will deliver orders within two days ; customers can designate the day .
But for companies that use hundreds of eggs a day , breaking them by hand can get , well , out of hand .
One Egg King -- which at just under four feet tall and two feet wide has been likened to the robot R2-D2 -- can crack about 20,000 eggs an hour .
Because fresh eggs are less expensive than processed ones , a big egg user can recover the Egg King 's $ 3,390 cost in a few months , says Mr. Maynard .
Chickens carry this bacteria , which can cause upset stomachs and , in rare cases , death among people .
Hens sometimes pass salmonella to the eggs , and it can also be found on unclean shells .
Yet Jack 's the one who can remember every dive they ever played , and when , and he dutifully shows up for work night after night -LRB- he consoles himself with booze and by showing up at the last minute -RRB- .
He can live with little pleasures .
Holders can either convert each share into 421 shares of the company 's common stock , or surrender their shares at the per-share price of $ 1,000 , plus accumulated dividends of $ 6.71 a share .
By buying the space in bulk , they obtain discounts as high as 50 % , which they can pass on to customers .
There can be no quibbling that the Armenians endured terrible suffering , but one has to wonder what possible good such a resolution will achieve .
The Turkish refugee tragedy and the ongoing crisis can not be ignored and shuttled off to that notorious dustbin of history that has become so convenient recently .
Surely , the past suffering of any people at any time can not be simply filed away and forgotten .
Rep. Oakar , a Democrat from Cleveland , wants a $ 6.9 million grant so Cleveland can build an 18-story Rock and Roll Hall of Fame .
We 're sure some theologian can explain the difference between what the Republican consultants have been doing with HUD and what these gentleladies and gentlemen want to do with HUD .
No doubt he believes the place can be salvaged .
Natural upheavals , and most particularly earthquakes , are not only horrible realities in and of themselves , but also symbols through which the state of a society can be construed .
From the history of capitalism we can take it as a sound bet that if it takes only 43 cents to buy a dollar 's worth of a firm 's capital stock , an alert entrepreneur wo n't look the other way .
The consequence can be inflation , brought on as the effect of a desperate bid to avoid the deflationary shock of a sudden crash .
`` If one city is down , the other can take over . ''
Investors and traders in Pacific exchange options `` are protected to the extent that they can convert their put and call options into the underlying instrument , '' Mr. Luthringshausen said .
If a more absorbent Pampers hits the market , you can be sure a new and improved Huggies wo n't be far behind .
Some people argue that strong brands can afford to stop advertising for a time because of the residual impact of hundreds of millions of dollars spent on advertising through the years .
Insurers will be advertising 800 numbers -- probably on the radio -- that policyholders can call to get assistance on how to submit claims .
But with its 10.4 % stake , Ford can convene a special Jaguar shareholders ' meeting and urge them to drop the restrictions prematurely .
`` It would be difficult to see how a car company can be owned by a collective , '' Sir John said .
But traders on the exchange floor , who can observe the computer-guided trading activity on monitor screens , said most of the top program-trading firms were active both days .
`` I can just tell the questions are right back where they were : ` What 's going on ? , ' ` Ca n't anything be done about program trading ? , ' ` Does n't the exchange understand ? , ' ` Where is the SEC on this ? ' ''
`` You certainly can say it 's going to be extremely severe .
He said , while dialogue is important , enough forums already exist `` in which different interests '' can express themselves .
Ke Zaishuo , head of China 's delegation to a Chinese-British Liaison Committee on Hong Kong , accused Britain of trying to impose a fait accompli and said , `` This is something we can not accept . ''
Traders say this all goes to show that even the smartest money manager can get infected with crowd passions .
That will mark the second consecutive quarterly loss for Commodore and will raise additional questions about whether it can sustain the turnaround it had seemed to be engineering .
The price can be expected to erode further , because the loss estimate came after the market closed .
Maybe so -- if you can find where your favorite writer went .
Although the jobs will probably pay between $ 70,000 and $ 80,000 a year , IRS officials are confident that they can attract top-notch candidates from the private sector .
`` You 're telling someone they can spend the next three or four or five or six years of their life bringing about the most difficult and costly modernization of an information system on the civil side ever , '' Mr. Goldberg said .
And out of necessity : The U.S. can make mistakes and still hope to remove him from power , but a single error on his part could cost him his life .
The question is how much you get tied in with seedy characters so they can extort you . ''
Certainly conservative environmentalists can defend their limited government position by differentiating between Old Environmentalism and New Environmentalism -LRB- `` Journalists and Others for Saving the Planet , '' by David Brooks , editorial page , Oct. 5 -RRB- .
If the media decide to work harder at educating the public about these complex and technical issues , that hardly can be termed non-objective journalism .
The environment can no longer be a normal issue , to be dealt with on a business-as-usual basis with comfortable increments of change .
This is written to correct a misquotation in your Oct. 3 article `` Deaths From Advanced Colon Cancer Can Be Reduced by Using Two Drugs . ''
If Eastern can get creditor support , court confirmation of its plan could be relatively swift .
Key to the issue is that the bikes , in skillful hands , can go virtually anywhere , and in reckless hands can become vehicles of terror .
An adept bicyclist can leap from a dead stop to the top of a picnic table without losing balance .
`` People who feel that cyclists should be banned from an area are n't looking at the whole picture , '' complains Mark Langton , associate editor of Mountain and City Biking magazine in Canoga Park , Calif .
To fight back , activists such as Mr. Langton are forming groups to lobby land managers over access issues and undertake education programs to show that the bikes can responsibly share trails .
While some are renegade riders who simply scorn regulations , much bad riding simply reflects ignorance that can be corrected through `` education and peer pressure , '' says Jim Hasenauer , a director of the International Mountain Biking Association .
`` The mountain bike feels as comfortable as the ` paperboy ' bike you had as a kid , but it can do so much more , '' he says .
`` Japan is perceived as a wealthy nation that can turn elsewhere in the world market and buy the sugar , '' the analyst said .
`` With the repeal of Section 89 , we can no longer say they 're discouraging businesses from offering health plans , '' says Christine Russell , the Chamber of Commerce 's small-business advocate .
In the last few weeks , Moscow has added FROG-7B missiles , the bomber version of the An-12 , MiG-23BN high-altitude aircraft , MiG-29s , which can outfly Pakistan 's U.S.-built F16s , and Sukhoi SU-27 fighter-bombers , which can outfly the MiG-29s .
No settlement negotiated by others can force the Afghan people to give up their struggle .
Most analysts think there 's little prospect the Contras can be a significant fighting force without U.S. arms , and after the February election their future in any form will be murky at best .
`` The short of it is that the most hard-bitten among us can not get into too sour a mood with communism collapsing , '' says Mitchell Daniels , a former Reagan White House aide who now is president of the Hudson Institute .
Above all , though , proponents say neither the Contra nor the SDI cause can be pushed much further without more presidential support .
`` It 's madness -- that in an hour you can whack off so much value , '' says Stanford Calderwood , chairman of Trinity Investment Management Corp. , Boston .
Trading in futures and options , some people believe , can add to volatility .
Investors believe they can can rely on such derivative securities to get in and out of the stock market without actually selling any stocks ; that is , a way of staying liquid even when they own stocks .
`` It 's the idea that what goes in easy can come out easy '' -- so that bouts of higher volatility get built into the stock market .
Lack of liquidity can also result from exchange `` reforms . ''
In addition , Sanford Grossman , a Wharton School finance professor , says volatile jumps in stock prices will continue as long as liquidity falls short of the voracious demands of institutions `` who can go out and say ` I have a billion dollars of stocks to sell . ' ''
Can a security analyst call an investment banker to make certain that a seemingly improbable rumor is in fact false ?
In this light , the comparative advantages of legislative law-making become clear : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Before it acts , the legislature typically will hear the views of representatives of all those affected by its decision , not just the immediate parties before the court ; and -LRB- 2 -RRB- the legislature can frame `` bright line '' standards that create less uncertainty than the fact-bound decisions of courts .
Although legislative lines can result in under-inclusion -LRB- which explains why the SEC has long resisted a legislative definition of insider trading -RRB- , judicial lawmaking inevitably creates uncertainty because of the shadowy outer edges and implications of most judicial decisions .
`` Because there is a lot more volatility now , if guys see that they can make a quick 10 % or 15 % profit , they 'll take it . ''
Investors can get slightly higher yields on deposits below $ 50,000 than they can on deposits of $ 90,000 and up .
`` By encouraging massive , routine , voluntary testing we can enable society to voluntarily segregate itself sexually into two groups : those who carry the virus and those who do not , '' the Indianapolis research organization said in a new report .
It contends that current government policy is failing to stem the AIDS epidemic because it suggests the use of condoms can make sex `` safe . ''
An experimental vaccine can alter the immune response of people infected with the AIDS virus , a prominent U.S. scientist said .
However , that does n't mean they can benefit from the vaccine .
`` We 've demonstrated that you can . ''
In the interview , Mr. Reuter said he is thinking foremost of cooperation in the truck sector , but `` in the long run , I do n't want to rule out that we can also come a bit closer in personal cars . ''
Jorge Candel , jefe de los servicios médicos valencianistas , ha indicado que el jugador argentino " Kily" González ha sufrido durante el entrenamiento de esta tarde una torcedura en la rodilla por lo que será duda mañana para la final de la Liga de Campeones ante el Real Madrid .
Chris Guisler ( Yauco ) ha logrado 11 saques efectivos en 27 parciales , mientras Raúl Papaleo ( San Sebastián ) ha logrado la misma cantidad en 44 sets .
Cancún ( México ) , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
El encuentro , que se lleva a cabo en Cancún , será presidido por el secretario de Comunicaciones. Transportes de México , Carlos Ruiz Sacristán .
La reunión finalizará el próximo viernes con la firma de la Declaración de Cancún , que incluirá la lista de asuntos y líneas de actuación , así como la dirección estratégica que impulsará los trabajos del Grupo de Telecomunicaciones durante los próximos dos años .
Anticipó que Chávez pondrá el acento en lo económico en su próximo gobierno porque dispondrá , según las previsiones , de una buena cantidad de dinero procedente de los altos precios del petróleo , el principal producto de exportación venezolano , que permitiría acabar el año con un crecimiento económico de entre el. y el. por ciento .
El promotor artístico venezolano Alejandro Ledezma demandó ante un tribunal de su país por 4 millones de dólares al cantautor mexicano Armando Manzanero por incumplimiento de contrato .
El hijo del cantante y director de la compañía discográfica " Manza Music " , Diego Manzanero , calificó la demanda de " pleito entre promotores " , en declaraciones que publica hoy el diario mexicano " Reforma " .
Según el hijo del famoso cantante mexicano , el problema se originó cuando la empresa promotora venezolana Show Time canceló un concierto de Manzanero en Caracas el pasado 14 de febrero .
" No tenemos nada que ver , sí teníamos un contrato para cantar en Caracas con José José y Danny Rivera , pero Show Time nos canceló " , aseguró el director de " Manza Music " .
El álbum incluirá una selección de los principales éxitos de Manzanero en su carrera musical , explicó el hijo del cantante .
Santillana del Mar ( Cantabria ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Aznar y Chirac se desplazaron después hasta la villa , donde fueron recibidos por el delegado del Gobierno en Cantabria , Alberto Cuartas ; el presidente regional , José Joaquín Martínez Sieso , y el alcalde del municipio , Isidoro Rábago .
Chirac calificó las edificaciones de " soberbias y magníficas " , según relató a un grupo de periodistas Pilar García , la presidenta de la Asociación de Guías Turísticas de Cantabria , que acompañó a los mandatarios en su recorrido por Santillana .
Al margen de las intensas reuniones políticas , los miembros de las delegaciones española y francesa han podido disfrutar de la gastronomía , el paisaje y el patrimonio de Cantabria en una jornada soleada .
El presidente de la República abandonó la Cumbre para visitar el Museo de Prehistoria y , a su regreso a la reunión recorrió la explanada del Palacio de la Magdalena , desde la que se divisa el mar cantábrico y la bahía de Santander .
Después de la foto de familia , realizada en la fachada sur del Palacio , ambas delegaciones participaron en un almuerzo oficial , en el que degustaron ensalada de bogavante del cantábrico , solomillo en salsa de perrechicos , marquesa de chocolate con frambuesas naturales y helado de café .
La XIII cumbre bilateral , calificada por el presidente José Joaquín Martínez Sieso como un acontecimiento histórico para Cantabria , se ha celebrado en medio de fuertes medidas de seguridad a cargo de efectivos del Cuerpo Nacional de Policía y de la Guardia Civil .
EFE - Cantabria Lisboa , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Para ello , explicó , Canadá va a presentar ante la Asamblea que se celebrará próximamente en su país un documento elaborado por la cancillería canadiense que quiere servir de base para la reflexión de los distintos países del continente .
Amonestación por formular observaciones al árbitro a Txutxi y Gallego ( Badajoz ) , Alberto ( Córdoba ) , Craioveanu ( Villarreal ) , Claudio ( Elche ) , Cañizares ( Getafe ) y Miguel ( Levante ) .
La Reina presidió hoy en el Auditorio Nacional un concierto homenaje a Alfredo Kraus en el que intervinieron la soprano Milagros Poblador , el tenor Aquiles Machado y el bajo-barítono Simón Orfila , tres de los mejores discípulos del tenor canario , ya desaparecido .
El concierto estuvo organizado por la Escuela Superior de Música Reina Sofía , en la que durante años , y hasta su muerte , ocurrida en septiembre pasado , Alfredo Kraus dirigió la cátedra de canto , desde la que enseñó a más de setenta alumnos .
El bailarín Antonio Canales , presentó hoy en Palma la V Temporada de Ballet de Mallorca 2000 que se inaugurará con su ballet ' La Cenicienta ' , la heroína del cuento de Perrault que , en la versión del coreógrafo andaluz , baila por bulerías , zapatea , canta fandangos y va a la compra con su carrito .
El presidente del COI siempre ha sostenido que para organizar unos Juegos con éxito es imprescindible que los atletas del país anfitrión sumen una cantidad importante de medallas .
Javier Castaño quiso dedicarse este triunfo a él mismo , " por la cantidad de tiempo que llevo luchando por este reconocimiento tan fuerte hoy en Madrid .
El director de Relaciones Económicas Internacionales de la Cancillería panameña , Franklin Barrett , destacó en una reunión con miembros de la Asociación de Corresponsales de Prensa Extranjera en Panamá ( ACOPEP ) que en la cita se analizarán nuevos acuerdos de cooperación en los sectores educativos , culturales y deportivos .
El cantante mexicano Armando Manzanero actuará hoy y el jueves próximo en Caracas , a pesar de la demanda interpuesta por un promotor musical venezolano sobre un concierto del bolerista suspendido hace dos meses .
Según manifestó a la edición de hoy del diario caraqueño " Tal Cual " Ricardo Dáger , empresario que trae a la capital venezolana al cantante , los dos conciertos programados " nunca han estado en peligro " .
Los dos conciertos , anunciados para celebrar los 50 años de vida artística del bolerista nacido en Yucatán en 1935 , no se verán afectados por la demanda del promotor Alejandro Ledezma , porque , a juicio de Dáger , la denuncia " fue hecha a la compañía Showtime de México S. A. , y no al cantante " , y además porque no se puede prohibir legalmente a Manzanero cantar en Venezuela .
Ledezma demandó a la empresa del cantautor mexicano ante un tribunal venezolano por cuatro millones de dólares por presunto incumplimiento de contrato .
El autor de canciones como " Esta tarde vi llover " o " Adoro " llegó anoche a Caracas , ciudad donde hoy actuará en el Teatro Teresa Carreño y el próximo jueves en un lujoso hotel para celebrar su medio siglo en los escenarios .
El millas de seguidores del Estudiantes han animado a su equipo sin pausa , como si estuvieran en el pabellón Raimundo Saporta , aunque al final enmudecieron cuando el estadounidense Chandler Thomson falló la canasta que hubiera supuesto el triunfo de los colegiales .
Gaston Etlis ( ARG ) a Frederic Neimeyer ( CAN ) , 6-1 , 6-3 .
La Cancillería añade en su nota que tales concesiones guayanesas " no tienen efecto alguno sobre los títulos y los derechos de Venezuela " .
Cuando sólo quedaban cinco segundos se lanzó sobre la canasta estudiantil y sacó la falta .
Los títulos de Microsoft cerraron hoy en el mercado del Nasdaq , donde cotizan las empresas de informática y nuevas tecnologías , a un precio de 63,188 dólares , una cantidad muy inferior a los más de 97 que marcaban el 16 de febrero pasado , cuando Allen comenzó a desprenderse de ellos .
Por otra parte , el Gobierno tenía previsto efectuar en mayo un canje de bonos Brady y Bocon por dos nuevos títulos globales , a tres. 30 años de plazo , respectivamente , aunque la operación puede aplazarse hasta junio próximo .
1 - Parma : Buffon ; Sartor , Thuram , Cannavaro ; Fuser , Bolaño ( Stanic , m.59 ) , Breda , Dino Baggio ( Dabo , m.84 ) , Vanoli ; Amoroso ( Di Vaio , m.59 ) , Hernán Crespo .
Mostró tarjeta amarilla a Cannavaro ( m.68 ) , R. Baggio ( m.83 ) .
Alineaciones : 1 - Parma : Buffon ; Sartor , Thuram , Cannavaro ; Fuser , Bolaño ( Stanic , m.59 ) , Breda , Dino Baggio ( Dabo , m.84 ) , Vanoli ; Amoroso ( Di Vaio , m.59 ) , Hernán Crespo .
Mostró tarjeta amarilla a Cannavaro ( m.68 ) , R. Baggio ( m.83 ) .
El alcalde apuntó que la Junta Local de Seguridad acordó la intervención de la Policía Local y la Guardia Civil para " candar y precintar " la vivienda en un momento en que los integrantes de la familia no se encontraban en su interior .
Una mayoría de agricultores y ganaderos de la provincia de Toledo no tendrán que pagar las " jornadas reales " , que es una cantidad mensual estipulada por la contratación de trabajadores en tareas agrícolas y ganaderas , y se les devolverá lo pagado en los últimos cinco años .
El cantautor español Joan Manuel Serrat ha iniciado en Uruguay la grabación de varios temas musicales , que proseguirá en Argentina , para su próximo disco , que se llamará " Tarrés Serrat " y será editado en octubre .
" Ese disco será un manojo de canciones que forman el patrimonio sentimental de mi vida , esas que canta uno cuando está entre amigos , donde la sinceridad y el vino andan con las puertas abiertas " , afirmó el cantautor catalán al diario " El Observador " de Montevideo .
En Montevideo el cantante supervisó la grabación de " Llamada de Carnaval " de Pedro Ferreira con la participación de los músicos uruguayos Fernando"Lobo"Núñez ( tamboriles ) , Daniel Lasca ( violín ) y Hugo Fattoruso ( producción ) .
" Viajé más de 10.000 kilómetros porque sólo en Montevideo y en Buenos Aires me pueden dar la música de tamboriles , bandoneón y violín que necesito " , agregó el cantantes español .
" Salimos del Líbano , salimos del Líbano " , cantaban contentos mientras se dirigían de regreso a su país .
A las 16.00 . e , en el Hotel Ciudad de Logroño , estos dos entrenadores moderarán una charla-coloquio con los asistentes y , a continuación , Carlos Alvarez pronunciará una conferencia sobre ' Cantidad .
Los portavoces de Xunta Moza , David Suárez y Noel Canto , explicaron que hasta ahora sólo el Instituto Santa Bárbara , de La Felguera , imparte clases de asturiano y exigieron que para el próximo curso " la asignatura sea optativa , pero que se imparta en todos los centros sin excepción y con profesorado " .
Según Suárez y Canto , debe de ser la Administración quien fomente las clases , y de no ser así , anunciaron medidas de otro tipo para el caso de que no se implante el curso próximo .
Podrán optar a las ayudas las pequeñas y medianas empresas que ejerzan su actividad en Cantabria , tengan menos de 250 empleados , las que hayan sido creadas hace un año y las que amplíen su actividad estableciendo nuevas líneas de negocio o que pongan en funcionamiento nuevos centros de trabajo .
EFE - Cantabria Madrid , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Según matizó hoy a la Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores ( CNMV ) , debido al tipo de fusión no se efectuará ampliación de capital , por lo que no es necesario calcular el tipo de canje , ni establecer el procedimiento para su realización .
Los tres jóvenes , que han negado los hechos y afirman que su abuela delira debido a la gran cantidad de medicamentos que toma , se encuentran internados en un centro especial de protección a cargo de los Servicios Sociales del Principado , a la espera de que el Juzgado de Menores decida sobre su situación .
Vilaboa manifestó además la importancia de este crecimiento del sector que aseguró " va muy parejo al fuerte boom urbanístico que se detecta en Mieres como consecuencia de la ampliación del campus universitario , dado que cada nueva vivienda edificada lleva consigo 40 toneladas de material de cantera " .
La última tenista española eliminada hoy fue la canaria María Luisa Serna , quien no pudo superar a la colombiana Fabiola Zuluaga , que confirmó el buen estado de forma demostrado la semana pasada al alcanzar las semifinales en Roma .
Durante una reunión con los corresponsales de la prensa internacional , Fortún se refirió al plazo de un mes dado por los sindicatos de campesinos de Chapare , donde se cultiva la mayor cantidad de coca de Bolivia , para que las autoridades anulen el programa de erradicación de cocales .
EFE - Cantabria .
Joao Sebastiao destacó que España aporta el 75 por ciento del turismo extranjero que llega a Portugal y de esta cantidad de visitantes , prácticamente la mitad proceden de Madrid y la zona centro .
Guido Trenti ( USA - Cantina ) m. t. 10 .
Moreno Di Biase ( ITA - Cantina ) m. t. 12 .
Danilo Di Luca ( ITA - Cantina ) a 51 ..3 .
Dos representantes de la empresa estatal GIF , encargada de la construcción del AVE , pidieron hoy en una reunión con el presidente de la Diputación , Jesús Alique , que se amplíe en tres días el plazo para depositar los avales por la cantidad total de 118 millones de pesetas que la Diputación fijó como fianza .
EFE - Cantabria Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Aunque en 1997 , subrayó Dell'Olmo , se produjo un acuerdo para cambiar y ajustar el modelo de la financiación sanitaria , para lo que se actualizó el censo y se pasó a percibir 65.000 millones de pesetas más , " esta cantidad es aún insuficiente " .
Los tres jóvenes , que han negado los hechos y afirman que su abuela delira debido a la gran cantidad de medicamentos que toma , se encuentran internados en un centro especial de protección a cargo de los Servicios Sociales del Principado , a la espera de que el Juzgado de Menores decida sobre su situación .
Pista central : A partir de las 12:00 horas ( 10:00 gmt ) : Gala León ( ESP , 8 ) - Rita Grande ( ITA ) Virginia Ruano ( ESP ) - Amy Frazier ( USA , 2 ) Iva Majoli ( CRO ) - Kristina Brandi ( USA , 7 ) No antes de las 17:00 horas ( 15:00 gmt ) : Mary Pierce ( FRA , 1 ) - Germana di Natale ( ITA ) - Pista 2 : A partir de las 12:00 horas ( 10:00 gmt ) : Gisela Riera ( ESP ) - Angeles Montolio ( ESP ) Ai Sugiyama ( JAP , 3 ) - Paola Zuluaga ( COL ) Lisa Raymond ( USA ) / Rennae Stubbs ( AUS ) - Lenka Cenkova ( CZE ) / Katarzyna Straczy ( POL ) Gala León / María Antonia Sánchez Lorenzo ( ESP ) - Virginia Ruano ( ESP ) / Paola Suárez ( ARG ) - Pista 3 : A partir de las 12:00 horas ( 10:00 gmt ) : Nicole Pratt ( AUS ) - Paola Suárez ( ARG , 6 ) Maureen Drake ( CAN ) - Assa Carlsson ( SWE ) .
EFE - Cantabria Barcelona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
El canciller federal y jefe del Partido Popular ( OEVP ) , Wolfgang Schuessel , no ha ofrecido aún su postura respecto a estos contactos para decidir si se mantienen las sanciones impuestas contra el Gobierno de Viena por la participación en él del FPOE , que dirigía hasta este mes el populista de derechas Joerg Haider .
El columnista del diario El País Vicente Verdú , el también periodista de este rotativo Alex Grijelmo y Jesús Marchamalo , de RNE , que recibió el año pasado el premio por un trabajo publicado en La Tribuna de Canarias han sido los otros ganadores .
La entidad ha asegurado un mínimo de 50 acciones para todos los mandatos de compra - se recibieron 709.000 - , cantidad que tenían garantizada los inversores accionistas de la entidad hasta el 20 de abril pasado .
El coordinador de Comunicación del PP , Manuel Rodríguez Cancho , aboga porque las tasas universitarias no se incrementen por encima de IPC , " ante la previsible subida de tasas universitarias , que se esta manejando por parte de los responsables educativos regionales y universitarios " .
Para Rodríguez Cancho , " estas tasas nunca pueden sobrepasar el IPC y ese es el criterio fundamental alrededor del cual deben girar estas inevitables imposiciones económicas " .
Igualmente , Rodríguez Cancho se suma a algunas iniciativas , por las que se solicita que se declaren exentas de tributación por lRPF las rentas procedentes de ayudas públicas al estudio y , también , las becas de investigación que reciben los licenciados universitarios o titulados , que realizan sus estudios de postgrado , doctorado o especialización en la Universidad de Extremadura .
Una misión empresarial de China visitará Colombia , Ecuador , Perú y Venezuela , en una gira destinada a promover las relaciones económicas y comerciales con los países miembros de la Comunidad Andina ( CAN ) , informó hoy en Lima el ente integrador andino .
La gira de los empresarios chinos comenzará en la capital peruana el 25 de mayo , fecha en la que participarán en un seminario titulado " Oportunidades de negocios CAN-China " , organizado por la Secretaría General de la Comunidad Andina .
Una nota de prensa de la sede limeña de la CAN precisa que durante dicho seminario , expositores andinos y chinos abordarán el panorama económico y comercial respectivo , así como las ventajas y potencialidades de sus mercados .
La información recuerda que la CAN , formada por Bolivia , Colombia , Ecuador , Perú y Venezuela , y China firmaron el 30 de marzo pasado un acuerdo por el que se estableció un Mecanismo de Consulta Política. Cooperación .
La CAN precisó que el intercambio comercial entre la región andina y China ascendió a 5.984 millones de dólares en el período de 1990. 1999 , de los que 3.197 millones correspondieron a las exportaciones andinas al país asiático y 2.787 millones a las importaciones procedentes de éste .
EFE - Cantabria Fráncfort ( RFA ) , 25 may ( EFECOM ) .
La ampliación de capital máxima de Terra para el canje de acciones con Lycos , incluidas las opciones sobre acciones de los trabajadores de la empresa estadounidense , no excederá de 340.922.712 acciones que , al precio del cierre de ayer en bolsa ( 50,9 pesetas por acción ) , sería de 2,887 billones de pesetas .
La ampliación de 340.922.712 acciones para el canje con Lycos se ha realizado , dice , teniendo en cuenta que la empresa americana tiene 112.192.815 acciones , y opciones previstas para la adquisición de activos por importe de 9,7 millones de títulos .
La nota señala que el número máximo de acciones de Lycos que podrían estar emitidas en total para su canje con Telefónica no excederá los 158.568.703 acciones , que se cambiarían por un máximo de 2,15 acciones de la compañía española cada una .
La ampliación de capital máxima de Terra para el canje de acciones con Lycos , incluidas las opciones sobre acciones de los trabajadores de la empresa estadounidense , no excederá de 340.922.712 acciones que , al precio del cierre de ayer en bolsa ( 50,9 pesetas por acción ) , sería de 2,887 billones de pesetas .
La ampliación de 340.922.712 acciones para el canje con Lycos se ha realizado , dice , teniendo en cuenta que la empresa americana tiene 112.192.815 acciones , y opciones previstas para la adquisición de activos por importe de 9,7 millones de títulos .
La nota señala que el número máximo de acciones de Lycos que podrían estar emitidas en total para su canje con Telefónica no excederá los 158.568.703 acciones , que se cambiarían por un máximo de 2,15 acciones de la compañía española cada una .
El grupo malagueño Digital 21 quiere mostrar en su álbum de debut que " lo digital y lo analógico no están reñidos " , según explicó hoy a Efe su líder , cantante , compositor y guitarrista , Miguel López , quien asegura que su música " ofrece lo contemporáneo de las maquinas y la fuerza de la guitarra y batería " .
Paco ( guitarra ) , Salva ( batería ) y Alberto ( bajo ) forman , junto a Miguel , Digital 21 , una banda que " a las puertas del siglo XXI " quiere demostrar que " a pesar de la importancia que a la hora de componer tienen los ordenadores y los loops , los instrumentos tradicionales siguen manteniendo la frescura de la música , y aunque en ocasiones las voces se distorsionen , las melodías y las canciones son lo más importante " .
Grupos como " Radiohead " , " Portishead " , " Smashing Punpkins " y " Chemikal Brothers " , y el músico Beck , son algunas de las influencias de este grupo malagueño , que aunque no se niega a cantar en castellano , es de los que graba en inglés .
" No es por nada en concreto , tenemos canciones en español , que tocamos en directo , pero pensamos que para el disco era mejor hacerlo todo en un solo idioma " .
Colaboró con el arquitecto Félix Candela en la decoración y ornamentación del Templo de Nuestra Señora de la Medalla Milagrosa y ejecutó numerosas piezas para iglesias y centros mexicanos .
" Las anécdotas sobre su grupo , ' Séptimo regimiento ' , y el éxito de su canción ' Pablo Camorra ' , son reales " , dijo el director , que añadió que Margani ha pasado de trabajar en la electricidad y carburación de coches a ser actor , y que ahora rueda una película en Chile .
Representantes del Gobierno de Cantabria y de la Diputación Foral de Vizcaya se reunirán mañana en Bilbao para tratar la situación en el litigio territorial que mantienen sobre Agüera , pueblo fronterizo entre el municipio vasco de Trucíos y el cántabro de Guriezo .
A esta reunión asistirán los responsables jurídicos de ambas administraciones ; el director general de Acción Territorial de Vizcaya , Antón Kaifer ; y el director de Cooperación Local de Cantabria , Juan Manuel Badolato , según formaron hoy a Efe fuentes del Gobierno cántabro .
El histórico litigio que mantienen Vizcaya y Cantabria sobre sus lindes en Agüera podría concluir a finales de año con una resolución del Ministerio de Administraciones Públicas .
EFE - Cantabria México , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Esta cantidad podría formar parte de otros 4.160 kilos de hachís que unas trabajadoras de un bar ubicado en esta playa localizaron el pasado día 12 de mayo .
La Audiencia de Barcelona ha iniciado esta mañana el juicio con tribunal popular contra E. I. C. , M. W. W. y P. B. H. , acusados de asesinar a Pedro Corbella Canturri , de 62 años , dueño de diversos comercios y empresas repartidas por la comarca barcelonesa del Maresme y ex propietario del colegio privado " Mare de Déu de Núria " de Barcelona .
Michel Salgado , Helguera , Hierro , Raúl y Morientes son seleccionables en el Real Madrid , mientras que en el Valencia son fijos Cañizares y Mendieta .
Kapitán Andréevo se encuentra en la principal ruta balcánica de tráfico de heroína desde Oriente Medio hacia Europa Occidental , pero las cantidades decomisadas este año representan un récord sin precedentes , según medios búlgaros .
La venta de localidades para este festival se prevé en establecimientos comerciales de Ampuero , en el Ayuntamiento de la localidad y en la Fundación Nuevo Futuro en Cantabria .
EFE - Cantabria Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
El defensa asturiano del Celta Sergio Fernández ha abandonado esta tarde la concentración en Cantabria de la selección española sub'21 por un distensión en un ligamento de la rodilla , dolencia que se produjo en el último partido de Liga contra el FC. Barcelona en el Camp Nou .
EFE - Cantabria Barcelona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE - Cantabria Sevilla , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Por ello Solidaridad Olímpica incluye en las becas de sus ' alumnos ' una cantidad para los gastos de desplazamiento a los torneos clasificatorios .
La Galería Sargadelos , como cierre del programa de su décimo aniversario , ofrecerá el 7 de junio un concierto con la actuación de las cantautoras María Manuela , Pilocha y Uxía , en el que presentarán sus últimos trabajos .
El Tribunal Supremo ha desestimado un recurso interpuesto por la constructora Edibilsa contra una sentencia del Tribunal Superior de Justicia de Cantabria que daba la razón al Ayuntamiento de Colindres en la denegación de una licencia de obras para la construcción de 54 viviendas , locales comerciales y garajes en la Alameda del Ayuntamiento de esa localidad .
EFE - Cantabria Santiago de Compostela , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Maureen Drake ( CAN ) a Cristina Torrens Valero ( ESP ) por 7-6 ( 10-8 ) y 7-5 . sigue Roma , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Roberto Zambrano , venezolano del club de Cancún , es líder en jonrones con 17 , uno más que el puertorriqueño Boi Rodríguez , de Monclova .
En Canarias habrá intervalos nubosos en el norte y noreste de las islas , y poco nuboso en el resto de la comunidad .
Brumas y bancos de niebla en Galicia y comunidades del cantábrico , y brumas en el Levante .
Temperaturas sin cambios o en ligero descenso en el noroeste peninsular y en ligero ascenso en Canarias .
Viento de componente oeste moderado en el litoral atlántico gallego y del noreste en Canarias .
Cantabria .
Canarias .
Precipitaciones débiles en Galicia y comunidades del cantábrico , y chubascos débiles y ocasionales en Andalucía oriental , Murcia y Comunidad Valenciana que podrían afectar también al sureste de Castilla-La Mancha .
Habrá intervalos nubosos en el resto de la mitad norte peninsular con posibilidad de chubascos en zonas montañosas de La Rioja , Navarra , Aragón y Cataluña , mientras que en el resto de la Península estará poco nuboso ; habrá intervalos nubosos en Baleares y en el norte de Canarias y poco nuboso en el sur de esta comunidad .
Temperaturas en ascenso ligero a moderado en Andalucía oriental y ligero en Andalucía occidental , Murcia , sureste de Castilla-La Mancha , Comunidad Valenciana y Canarias ; en descenso ligero en el tercio norte peninsular y sin cambios en el resto .
Vientos moderados de poniente en el Estrecho y del noreste en Canarias .
Precipitaciones débiles en Galicia y Asturias con posibilidad de que afecten también a Cantabria , País Vasco , norte de Castilla-León , Sistema Ibérico y Pirineos occidentales .
Intervalos nubosos en el resto de la mitad norte peninsular ; poco nuboso en las demás zonas peninsulares y en Baleares e intervalos nubosos en el norte de Canarias y poco nuboso en el sur de esta comunidad .
Temperaturas en ascenso ligero en el área del cantábrico oriental , La Rioja , Navarra , Aragón y en Canarias y sin cambios en el resto .
Vientos moderados del suroeste en el litoral atlántico de Galicia , de poniente en el Estrecho y del noreste en Canarias .
Precipitaciones débiles en Galicia , comunidades del cantábrico y de Castilla. León y chubascos tormentosos en el cuadrante noreste peninsular , más probables en zonas montañosas y localmente moderados en Pirineos .
En Canarias intervalos nubosos en el norte , y poco nuboso en el sur .
Temperaturas en descenso ligero en Galicia , comunidades cantábricas , La Rioja , Navarra , Aragón , Castilla. León y Extremadura y sin cambios en el resto .
Vientos moderados de poniente en el Estrecho y del noreste en Canarias .
El canciller venezolano basó su consideración en que , " al parecer , las encuestas le dan al presidente Alberto Fujimori una ventaja de cuatro puntos sobre Toledo " .
El Grupo Parlamentario de Izquierda Unida en la Junta General del Principado presentara iniciativas encaminadas a que el Principado se mantenga firme en la propuesta de " redefinición " del trazado de la autovía del Cantábrico a su paso por el occidente .
En el museo también había gran cantidad de muestras de la cultura Condor Huasi .
El " Cancionero general del franquismo " de Manuel Vázquez Montalban es " una caja negra de la sensibilidad de un pueblo " que permite recuperar la memoria de una época a través de las canciones que se emitían radiofónicamente y el uso que de ellas hizo el propio pueblo .
Con canciones como " Mi Jaca " , " La parrala " , " Tatuaje " , " Raska yu " , " Yo vendo unos ojos negros " " La luna. el toro " , hasta más de cuatrocientas composiciones , la mayoría de ellas coplas , el autor hace un inventario de las canciones que alimentaron el gusto popular durante la postguerra hasta llegar. 1975 , con el capítulo " Pasión. muerte de la sentimentalidad franquista " .
El proyecto del libro , publicado por " Crítica " , comenzó hace muchos años y formaba parte de dos volúmenes que se iban a editar en 1972 , año en que " Lumen " sacó el primer tomo dedicado a las canciones consumidas en España desde 1939. 1970 .
El segundo volumen , en el que se agrupaban las canciones por su diversificación temática , quedó en suspenso a causa de las dificultades que puso la Sociedad General de Autores , por lo que el cancionero completo de Vázquez Montalban ha tenido que esperar casi treinta años para salir a la calle .
Dividido en los grandes apartados : " Cancionero historificado " y " Cancionero temático " , la obra refleja desde la canción nacional , la testimonial o sentimental , hasta el erotismo , la religión , la familia o la tipología femenina , entre otras .
" El cancionero refleja el uso que el público hacía de la propuesta cultural y de los mensajes que escuchaban a través de la radio .
La gente vivía otra vida diferente de lo que se le estaba proponiendo y eso es lo que se muestra en las canciones " , señaló el autor durante la presentación del libro .
Para Vázquez Montalban lo interesante ha sido " el uso que hacía el público receptor de la canción , que podía tener en él la misma repercusión que la poesía culta " , como ocurre con " No te mires en el río " que es una traslación de una de las poesías del Cancionero de García Lorca , " pero traducido al lenguaje popular " .
" Es una época cerrada y terminada " , en opinión del autor quien recordó que temas como " Mi Jaca " se escuchaban durante la guerra civil en los dos bandos , " una canción que había nacido veinte años antes .
Hoy en día las canciones , salvo excepciones , duran dos meses " .
Los más jóvenes y los lectores del siglo XXI podrán , a través de este cancionero , recordar una parte de la cultura popular española en la fase de preformación del mercado de la industria cultural .
Aunque en la actualidad la copla se sigue interpretando " a la tonadillera no se le abastece de canciones que perduren .
Si en años anteriores las canciones respondían a una cultura que estaba dirigida por la política , en la actualidad el mercado es el que dirige esa cultura , " ahora estamos a régimen de monocultivo en la canción " .
FICNI , que tiene carácter bienal aunque la edición de 1997 se retrasó al 98 para evitar la coincidencia con la feria barcelonesa , nació coincidiendo con el inicio de la construcción de la Autovía del Cantábrico , infraestructura la CAC entendía " desde la configuración en paralelo de un eje de desarrollo económico amplio , el cual pasa por Asturias " , explicó el presidente de la Confederación .
Los responsables de Ecuality esperan terminar el año con una facturación de unos 2.300 millones de pesetas ( unos 12,3 millones de dólares ) pero que en 2001 esperan facturar esta cantidad sólo a través de Diversia.com .
Respecto a los recursos de clientes , el informe destaca un aumento del 14 por ciento asumiendo la cantidad de 22.000 millones de pesetas con un incremento de la inversión que se sitúa en el 17 por ciento y , en un seis por ciento , la cuenta de pérdidas y ganancias .
Estas localidades son Alagón , Carcaboso , Coria , Holguera , Montehermoso , Riolobos , Plasencia , Malpartida de Plasencia , Cabezuela , Cañaveral , Gata , Hernán Pérez , Jaraíz de la Vera , Moraleja , Navaconcejo , Casas del Monte y Baños de Montemayor .
Sanz comparó esa cantidad con los 528 millones de pesetas que , dijo , esas mismas empresas podían haberse ahorrado si hubiesen optado por las ayudas directas a la inversión y al empleo sobre activos fijos : " pero como nuestras ayudas fiscales en exenciones por el impuesto de sociedades son incompatibles con las ayudas directas , no han podido hacerlo y se han visto claramente desfavorecidas " .
EFE - Cantabria Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
" El Atlético tiene una de las mejores canteras de España .
De su futuro equipo destacó el hecho de que " mantenga un bloque definido , pese a perder dos grandes jugadores como Hernández y Canca , que se puede compensar con la llegada del húngaro Bartok y de uno de los jugadores jóvenes más prometedores , como Iker Romero " , finalizó .
EFE - Cantabria Londres , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE - Cantabria por Alberto Masegosa Freetown , 23 may ( EFE ) .
El último recital de la semana lo protagonizará la cantaora a Ginesa Ortega con un recital de textos de Rafael Alberti , Miguel Hernández , Salvador Espriu , Joan Vinyoli y Vicent Andrés Estellés , sus poetas favoritos , acompañado por soleares y bulerías en la azotea de La Pedrera .
Osasuna se aseguraría el ascenso si suma cuatro puntos en estas dos últimas jornadas ( ante el Sporting y el Recreativo ) , pero también podría cantar el alirón en Gijón si consigue los tres puntos y no ganan ni el Salamanca ni otro de los dos equipos con 60 puntos : Lleida y Extremadura .
Según el alcalde , este acuerdo de la comisión de gobierno se trasladará al Boletín Oficial de Cantabria para su publicación y , posteriormente , se elaborarán las bases de las convocatorias donde se hará constar tanto la titulación que se exige para cada una de las plazas como los temas de examen y otras pruebas a realizar .
EFE - Cantabria Torrelavega , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Sanz comparó esa cantidad con los 528 millones de pesetas que , dijo , esas mismas empresas podían haberse ahorrado si hubiesen optado por las ayudas directas a la inversión y al empleo sobre activos fijos : " pero como nuestras ayudas fiscales en exenciones por el impuesto de sociedades son incompatibles con las ayudas directas , no han podido hacerlo y se han visto claramente desfavorecidas " .
Las dos soluciones tienen un coste similar - unos 35.000 millones - , y mientras que el gaseoducto tiene un menor impacto ambiental porque no precisa de la habilitación de depósitos , tiene el inconveniente de la limitación material de la cantidad de gas que se puede conducir hasta las islas a través de los tubos submarinos .
Mientras tanto , transportar el gas en barco hasta el archipiélago supone la instalación de una estación transformadora , pero cuenta con el aspecto positivo de que , si en un futuro se precisa mayor cantidad de este elemento , basta con incrementar el número de viajes de los barcos desde la Península .
La Estación del Norte de Valencia también ha vivido una jornada especial por la cantidad de aficionados que se han dado cita antes de las 13.00 horas , ataviados casi todos con el equipaje de su equipo y con las tracas preparadas para que sean disparadas en la capital de Francia .
Responsables de RENFE confirmaron a EFE que se ha cumplido el plan previsto y que los trenes salían con puntualidad y destacaron la euforia de aficionados que no cesaban de disparar tracas y animar la espera con sus cánticos y gritos de apoyo al Valencia .
EFE - Cantabria Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
La jornada se iniciará a las 10.30 horas en el parque de La Cantábrica , en cuyo recinto se acondicionará un parque infantil con hinchables , un toro mecánico y otros juegos , mientras que en el pabellón polideportivo se realizarán diversas actividades , como un Rincón de Pintura al aire libre , juegos de mesa , juegos gigantes como el parchís o el tres en raya .
EFE - Cantabria Badajoz , 23 may ( EFE ) .
En la sesión ha participado la totalidad de la plantilla a excepción del defensa Albert Tomás , que continúa con sus problemas en el abductor de la pierna derecha , Diego Torres , que ya no se vistió en Compostela a causa de un esguince , y del canterano Juanra quien , tras debutar en San Lázaro , hoy tenía problemas musculares que le han impedido entrenarse con normalidad .
José Angel de la Casa , Michel y Andoni Zubizarreta serán los encargados de comentar las jugadas del encuentro , mientras que Ferrán Garrido , Alfonso Celemín e Iñaki Cano , estarán a pie de campo para realizar entrevistas y comentar lo que suceda en el túnel de vestuarios y en los banquillos Cuarenta. dos cámaras , dieciocho de las cuales servirán para personalizar la señal de TVE , recogerán todos los detalles , antes , durante y después del partido en el Estadio de Sant Denis .
Con un amplio repertorio , que se ha basado en la interpretación de canciones propias y versiones de temas ingleses y estadounidenses , el Dúo Dinámico cantarán mañana en Séptimo ( La 2 a las 22:30 horas ) algunos de sus éxitos como " Resistiré " , " ¡ Oh Carol !
Esta semifinal comenzará este miércoles con el líder Toluca de visita en la cancha del Estadio Jalisco , de Guadalajara , oeste de México , para recibir a las Chivas el sábado en su cancha de " La Bombonera " .
El duelo entre la mejor defensa y la mayor ofensiva tiene como antecedente el que ambos disputaron en el Torneo de Verano , y que terminó empatado a un gol en la cancha del estadio Jalisco , en Guadalajara , 480 kilómetros al oeste de la capital mexicana .
Desde sus comienzos con este efímero grupo , Dokoupil ha producido mayor cantidad de propuestas que cualquier otro artista , diversidad que Christian Dominguez , comisario de la muestra que ahora se puede ver en Madrid , explica en razón " de un complejo entramado de intenciones de muy diversa naturaleza y sin una clara disposición jerárquica .
Los primeros en intervenir fueron los agentes de proximidad de la Policía Municipal , que ayudaron a los vecinos a desalojar el inmueble , actuación que destacó José Francisco Cano , jefe de la Policía Municipal , quien añadió que el fuego se extendió rápidamente por toda la casa .
En virtud de este programa , las Naciones Unidas permiten a Bagdad exportar cantidades limitadas de crudo cada semestre con el fin de importar productos de primera necesidad para su población .
El Boletín Oficial de Cantabria ha publicado la resolución por la que se inicia el expediente para declarar Bien de Interés Cultural la Pátera de Otañes .
EFE - Cantabria Pamplona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Los doctores del Hospital Virgen del Camino Juan Castro y José Angel Lozano , jefe del Servicio de Cirugía Plástica y adjunto , respectivamente , han sido premiados en el XXXV Congreso Nacional de Cirugía Plástica, Reparadora. Estética , celebrado en Las Palmas de Gran Canaria , por la ponencia titulada " Refinamientos en las técnicas de reconstrucción mamarias " .
El nuevo delegado del Gobierno en Aragón , Eduardo Ameijide , recordó hoy , respecto a las conexiones ferroviarias de Aragón con Francia , que existen " dos posibilidades " ( el Canfranc y el Vignemale ) y que antes de tomar una decisión " hay que objetivizar prioridades " Tras reunirse con el presidente del Gobierno aragonés , Marcelino Iglesias , en la primera visita protocolaria tras su toma de posesión , que tuvo lugar ayer , Ameijide aseguró que conoce " bien " el asunto debido a la etapa en la que estuvo al mando del Gobierno Civil en la provincia de Huesca .
Añadió que tiene intención de reunirse con los responsables franceses para constatar su cambio de postura respecto a la apertura del túnel internacional del Canfranc .
VALOR ANTER. MAX. MIN. ULTIMO % VAR VOLUMEN ULT PTA - ALIMENTACION ALTADIS 16.44 16.35 15.76 16.00 -2.68 2997037 2662 AZ.EBRO AGR. 13.25 13.59 13.01 13.55 2.26 28956 2255 EL AGUILA 7.79 7.77 7.60 7.77 -0.26 9934 1293 BARON DE LEY 23.15 23.68 23.30 23.50 1.51 5657 3910 BO.Y BEBIDAS 11.00 11.05 11.00 11.05 0.45 19224 1839 CAMPOFRIO 10.54 10.97 10.45 10.66 1.14 30526 1774 C.V.N.E. 14.40 14.70 14.40 14.69 2.01 4391 2444 KOIPE 18.50 18.71 18.30 18.33 -0.92 1437 3050 OMSA 6.03 6.40 6.03 6.13 1.66 3499 1020 PATERNINA 9.93 10.46 9.72 9.86 -0.70 5643 1641 PULEVA 1.78 1.83 1.77 1.79 0.56 1499743 298 PESCANOVA 12.00 12.08 11.75 12.08 0.67 7110 2010 BO.RIOJANAS 10.00 10.20 10.00 10.15 1.50 782 1689 SOS ARANA 10.15 10.17 10.01 10.14 -0.10 5011 1687 VISCOFAN 7.04 7.18 7.00 7.18 1.99 46494 1195 FOSFORERA 1.35 0.00 0.00 1.35 0.00 225 BANCOS/FINANCIERAS BBVA 13.84 14.25 13.84 14.18 2.46 20901086 2359 BANKINTER 49.20 51.00 49.40 49.60 0.81 131321 8253 CORP. MAPFRE 15.15 15.25 14.80 14.98 -1.12 133891 2492 B.POPULAR 31.90 32.05 31.52 32.00 0.31 563124 5324 BSCH 10.10 10.27 10.00 10.15 0.50 7485200 1689 B.VALENCIA 8.61 8.88 8.63 8.87 3.02 75212 1476 CATALANA OC. 14.48 14.45 14.15 14.35 -0.90 22128 2388 MAPFRE VIDA 32.25 32.45 32.25 32.25 0.00 1009 5366 B.PASTOR 45.99 45.99 45.50 45.97 -0.04 5718 7649 B.ZARAGOZANO 14.60 14.85 14.60 14.75 1.03 52614 2454 B.ANDALUCIA 28.25 29.00 28.26 28.90 2.30 5715 4809 B.ATLANTICO 36.00 36.50 36.49 36.49 1.36 398 6071 BANESTO 15.80 15.98 15.80 15.95 0.95 7968 2654 B.CASTILLA 12.96 12.75 12.70 12.70 -2.01 2342 2113 B.CTO.BALEAR 14.90 14.95 14.95 14.90 0.00 20 2479 B.ESFINGE 1.49 1.49 1.49 1.49 0.00 134968 248 B.GALICIA 13.30 13.30 13.30 13.30 0.00 247 2213 B.GUIPUZCOAN 14.86 15.50 14.85 15.39 3.57 18646 2561 B.GUIPUZCO,P 14.66 14.66 14.66 14.66 0.00 91 2439 B.HERRERO 55.30 59.80 59.80 59.80 8.14 375 9950 B.VASCONIA 8.85 9.00 9.00 8.85 0.00 125 1473 CONSTRUCCION ACS 28.12 28.31 27.50 27.52 -2.13 95044 4579 ACCIONA 34.05 35.49 33.80 34.30 0.73 265402 5707 DRAGADOS 7.70 8.08 7.82 8.04 4.42 230406 1338 FCC 21.75 22.90 21.53 22.56 3.72 208941 3754 FERROVIAL 13.05 13.30 12.95 13.10 0.38 127304 2180 CEM.PORTLAND 21.75 21.89 21.70 21.70 -0.23 2121 3611 CRISTALERIA 33.80 34.50 33.75 34.00 0.59 6572 5657 OHL 6.03 6.09 6.01 6.02 -0.17 87334 1002 URALITA 7.63 7.70 7.40 7.59 -0.52 113460 1263 PORTLAND V. 20.00 20.75 20.00 20.20 1.00 7917 3361 FE.AGROMAN 6.96 7.36 6.96 6.97 0.14 1283 1160 DRAGADOS PRE 11.82 0.00 0.00 11.82 0.00 1967 UNILAND CEM. 41.99 41.98 41.98 41.98 -0.02 200 6985 ELECTRICAS AG.BARCELONA 13.90 14.49 13.77 14.25 2.52 96834 2371 HID.CANTABR. 23.82 23.86 23.64 23.81 -0.04 335822 3962 GAS NATURAL 18.25 18.60 18.10 18.26 0.05 707835 3038 ENDESA 23.65 23.97 23.53 23.94 1.23 13783420 3983 IBERDROLA 13.42 13.91 13.34 13.60 1.34 2123959 2263 UNION FENOSA 20.52 20.92 20.46 20.60 0.39 1145829 3428 REE 10.61 11.26 10.60 11.20 5.56 775055 1864 AG.BAR.NV99 13.77 14.20 13.60 13.77 0.00 460 2291 CARTERA/INVERSION CORP.FI.ALBA 27.07 27.25 26.10 26.25 -3.03 52334 4368 TECNOCOM 19.65 20.50 20.04 20.50 4.33 33799 3411 DINAMIA 13.00 13.10 12.90 13.00 0.00 12910 2163 GE.INVERSION 0.32 0.32 0.31 0.31 -3.13 60363 52 FASTIBEX 4.96 4.90 4.86 4.90 -1.21 1165 815 METAL/MECANICA ACERALIA 11.65 11.77 11.40 11.40 -2.15 188672 1897 ACERINOX 41.00 42.75 41.03 41.69 1.68 175077 6937 AC.Y FOR.AZC 8.40 8.01 8.01 8.01 -4.64 600 1333 ASTURIA.ZINC 10.40 11.19 10.47 11.00 5.77 28612 1830 AZKOYEN 8.75 8.75 8.30 8.30 -5.14 15834 1381 C.A.F. 21.00 20.99 20.99 21.00 0.00 60 3494 GLOBAL STEEL 1.70 1.70 1.68 1.68 -1.18 9192 280 D.FELGUERA 7.11 7.15 7.11 7.11 0.00 39974 1183 NICOL.CORREA 3.67 3.89 3.66 3.75 2.18 26388 624 N.MONTAÑA 0.46 0.47 0.45 0.46 0.00 33156 77 TUBACEX 1.75 1.76 1.72 1.75 0.00 257805 291 ESPAÑOL.ZINC 4.75 4.90 4.69 4.90 3.16 19614 815 ZARDOYA OTIS 9.30 9.39 9.12 9.17 -1.40 51669 1526 LINGOTES 4.10 0.00 0.00 4.10 0.00 682 TUDOR 5.50 5.65 5.51 5.65 2.73 1348 940 VOLKSWAGEN 43.00 43.00 42.62 43.00 0.00 348 7155 NUEVAS TECNOLOGIAS SOGECABLE 33.49 35.98 34.15 35.31 5.43 573177 5875 AMADEUS-A 10.10 10.40 9.81 10.14 0.40 1725328 1687 INDRA 20.10 21.50 20.31 20.37 1.34 593288 3389 TPI 29.00 30.50 28.10 28.71 -1.00 614376 4777 TERRA 50.80 53.35 50.55 52.25 2.85 2457791 8694 ABENGOA 32.30 32.30 31.50 31.50 -2.48 31198 5241 AMPER 8.27 8.39 8.09 8.22 -0.60 53154 1368 BEFESA 14.66 14.66 14.64 14.65 -0.07 49457 2438 RADIOTRONICA 15.70 15.89 15.51 15.60 -0.64 66220 2596 ZELTIA 53.75 54.50 53.20 53.35 -0.74 73053 8877 PETROLEO/QUIMICAS FAES DER 00 1.06 1.07 1.05 1.06 0.00 264484 176 REPSOL 23.20 23.25 22.80 22.85 -1.51 4060694 3802 ARAGONESAS 5.08 5.15 5.05 5.07 -0.20 40758 844 CEPSA 9.30 9.58 9.30 9.46 1.72 481014 1574 ERCROS 0.57 0.59 0.57 0.57 0.00 151438 95 GR.EMP.ENCE 20.16 20.74 19.70 20.55 1.93 21649 3419 FAES 10.90 11.05 10.86 11.00 0.92 26166 1830 IBERPAPEL 10.95 11.00 10.70 10.99 0.37 2505 1829 MIQUEL COSTA 22.63 22.79 22.30 22.79 0.71 3851 3792 EUROPA. C 1.89 1.90 1.87 1.87 -1.06 12586 311 LA SEDA B. B 3.20 3.21 3.02 3.16 -1.25 39349 526 SNIACE 1.30 1.31 1.27 1.31 0.77 260825 218 TAFISA 9.83 10.25 9.88 10.24 4.17 4609 1704 UNIPAPEL 10.75 11.00 10.40 10.40 -3.26 17399 1730 BAYER A.G. 43.00 0.00 0.00 43.00 0.00 7155 EPPIC 0.29 0.29 0.29 0.29 0.00 2773 48 RENO M.S/A 2.20 2.26 2.20 2.20 0.00 8791 366 COMUNICACIONES ACESA 9.87 9.90 9.68 9.71 -1.62 160184 1616 AUMAR 16.02 16.15 15.90 15.91 -0.69 71820 2647 TELEFONICA 20.56 21.43 20.25 20.45 -0.54 21613821 3403 EUROPISTAS 6.00 6.00 5.93 5.95 -0.83 17171 990 EUROPIS.MY99 6.02 0.00 0.00 6.02 0.00 1002 IBERPISTAS 6.45 6.60 6.30 6.30 -2.33 2547 1048 TRANSP.AZKAR 14.30 14.20 13.90 14.18 -0.84 2885 2359 OTR.INDUSTRIAS SERVIC. CONTINENTE 16.77 17.60 16.77 17.50 4.35 199172 2912 NH HOTELES 11.40 11.51 11.21 11.40 0.00 206348 1897 PRYCA 13.20 13.48 13.11 13.48 2.12 502661 2243 SOL MELIA 12.76 12.86 12.42 12.55 -1.65 307329 2088 TELEPIZZA 5.93 6.20 5.91 6.03 1.69 1773458 1003 VALLEHERMOSO 7.23 7.30 7.13 7.13 -1.38 573710 1186 ADOLFO DGUEZ 9.20 9.20 8.98 9.01 -2.07 17062 1499 ALDEASA 19.00 19.89 19.20 19.50 2.63 13298 3245 TAVEX ALGOD. 2.43 2.53 2.44 2.49 2.47 45584 414 INM.BAMI 2.83 2.85 2.82 2.82 -0.35 9582 469 COLONIAL 14.51 14.55 14.30 14.50 -0.07 59958 2413 CORTEFIEL 25.30 25.26 23.52 24.45 -3.36 43507 4068 DOGI 8.01 8.30 8.01 8.25 3.00 8661 1373 ENACO 4.75 4.68 4.65 4.68 -1.47 710 779 FILO 1.19 1.20 1.17 1.19 0.00 60214 198 FUNESPAÑA 8.14 8.50 8.24 8.24 1.23 32096 1371 PICKING PACK 5.10 5.30 5.13 5.18 1.57 284747 862 INM.ZABALBUR 12.15 12.17 12.10 12.16 0.08 37879 2023 LOGISTA 29.01 29.73 28.70 29.00 -0.03 17894 4825 MECALUX 8.26 8.12 8.10 8.12 -1.69 13175 1351 METROVACESA 18.84 18.90 18.11 18.75 -0.48 39875 3120 PRIMA INMOB. 8.79 8.78 8.60 8.78 -0.11 14739 1461 PARQUES RDOS 5.87 5.83 5.65 5.73 -2.39 27475 953 PROSEGUR 13.90 13.90 13.55 13.90 0.00 174932 2313 SUPERDIPLO 14.50 14.71 14.06 14.35 -1.03 28619 2388 URBAS 0.85 0.85 0.80 0.84 -1.18 14673 140 URBIS 4.95 5.00 4.80 4.88 -1.41 79175 812 VIDRALA 6.25 6.47 6.07 6.47 3.52 28649 1077 VILESA 4.65 4.65 4.60 4.65 0.00 2319 774 INBESOS 3.44 3.44 3.44 3.44 0.00 500 572 FILO B 1.18 1.18 1.17 1.17 -0.85 7344 195 INDO 4.02 4.05 4.03 4.05 0.75 447 674 MIA 23.40 22.49 22.06 22.49 -3.89 312 3742 SOTOGRANDE 2.71 2.62 2.61 2.62 -3.32 1270 436 EFECOM finz.fch Harare , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Esta cadena de distribución además ofrece una rebaja de cinco pesetas por litro a aquellos que hagan en el supermercado una compra superior a 5.000 pesetas y un punto - canjeable por una peseta - por litro de carburante a los que posean la tarjeta de cliente de Caprabo .
La banda fue descubierta a raíz de la denuncia presentada en Roquetas de Mar ( Almería ) por un marroquí a quien se le exigió el pago de gran cantidad de dinero por la liberación de su hermano , que se encontraba entre los cuatro secuestrados que se localizaron en una casa de campo lorquina .
El secretario general de la organización , Alfonso Martín , destacó , en declaraciones a EFE , " la necesidad de poner fin a la situación actual de estrangulamiento de la industria debido a las cortas cantidades de que disponen las empresas españolas " .
EFE Cantabria Villanueva de la Serena ( Badajoz ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
El secretario general de la organización , Alfonso Martín , destacó , en declaraciones a EFE , " la necesidad de poner fin a la situación actual de estrangulamiento de la industria debido a las cortas cantidades de que disponen las empresas españolas " .
El conservadurismo español tiene en el siglo XIX cuatro figuras , explicó Javier Tussell , uno de los presentadores del libro : Martínez de la Rosa , que con su voluntad de transacción asentó el primer influjo del liberalismo español , Narvaez , con el que se asentó este movimiento , O,Donnell y Cánovas , que configuró el centro con una " transacción diferenciada " .
Cánovas , explicó Seco , puso en marcha un espíritu de convivencia y promovió " El pacto del Pardo " con Castelar , un político que militaba en sus antípodas políticas .
El conservadurismo español que representa Cánovas , precisó Seco , acabó con el ciclo de guerras civiles , sustituyó las polémicas a palos por el diálogo y terminó con los pronunciamientos .
Los valores que componen este indicador registraron hoy los siguientes resultados : VALOR ANTER. MAX. MIN. ULTIMO %VAR VOLUMEN ULT PTA - ACESA 9.87 9.90 9.68 9.71 -1.62 160184 1616 ACERALIA 11.65 11.77 11.40 11.40 -2.15 188672 1897 ACS 28.12 28.31 27.50 27.52 -2.13 95044 4579 ACERINOX 41.00 42.75 41.03 41.69 1.68 175077 6937 AG.BARCELONA 13.90 14.49 13.77 14.25 2.52 96834 2371 CORP.FI.ALBA 27.07 27.25 26.10 26.25 -3.03 52334 4368 ALTADIS 16.44 16.35 15.76 16.00 -2.68 2997037 2662 AMADEUS-A 10.10 10.40 9.81 10.14 0.40 1725328 1687 ACCIONA 34.05 35.49 33.80 34.30 0.73 265402 5707 AUMAR 16.02 16.15 15.90 15.91 -0.69 71820 2647 BBVA 13.84 14.25 13.84 14.18 2.46 20901086 2359 BANKINTER 49.20 51.00 49.40 49.60 0.81 131321 8253 HID.CANTABR. 23.82 23.86 23.64 23.81 -0.04 335822 3962 CONTINENTE 16.77 17.60 16.77 17.50 4.35 199172 2912 GAS NATURAL 18.25 18.60 18.10 18.26 0.05 707835 3038 DRAGADOS 7.70 8.08 7.82 8.04 4.42 230406 1338 ENDESA 23.65 23.97 23.53 23.94 1.23 13783420 3983 FCC 21.75 22.90 21.53 22.56 3.72 208941 3754 FERROVIAL 13.05 13.30 12.95 13.10 0.38 127304 2180 IBERDROLA 13.42 13.91 13.34 13.60 1.34 2123959 2263 INDRA 20.10 21.50 20.31 20.37 1.34 593288 3389 CORP.MAPFRE 15.15 15.25 14.80 14.98 -1.12 133891 2492 NH HOTELES 11.40 11.51 11.21 11.40 0.00 206348 1897 B.POPULAR 31.90 32.05 31.52 32.00 0.31 563124 5324 PRYCA 13.20 13.48 13.11 13.48 2.12 502661 2243 REPSOL 23.20 23.25 22.80 22.85 -1.51 4060694 3802 BSCH 10.10 10.27 10.00 10.15 0.50 7485200 1689 SOGECABLE 33.49 35.98 34.15 35.31 5.43 573177 5875 SOL MELIA 12.76 12.86 12.42 12.55 -1.65 307329 2088 TELEFONICA 20.56 21.43 20.25 20.45 -0.54 21613821 3403 TPI 29.00 30.50 28.10 28.71 -1.00 614376 4777 TELEPIZZA 5.93 6.20 5.91 6.03 1.69 1773458 1003 TERRA 50.80 53.35 50.55 52.25 2.85 2457791 8694 UNION FENOSA 20.52 20.92 20.46 20.60 0.39 1145829 3428 VALLEHERMOSO 7.23 7.30 7.13 7.13 -1.38 573710 1186 Asunción , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Sanz comparó esa cantidad con los 528 millones de pesetas que , dijo , esas mismas empresas podían haberse ahorrado si hubiesen optado por las ayudas directas a la inversión y al empleo sobre activos fijos : " pero como nuestras ayudas fiscales en exenciones por el impuesto de sociedades son incompatibles con las ayudas directas , no han podido hacerlo y se han visto claramente desfavorecidas " .
Asimismo , la Consejería de Cultura ha destinado diferentes cantidades a contratar archiveros , equipar los archivos municipales y celebrar exposiciones de fotografías antiguas .
Los 19 equipos participantes son los siguientes : ONCE , Cofidis , Banesto , Telekom , Kelme , Rabobank , Euskaltel-Euskadi , Lotto , Vitalicio Seguros , Mapei , Mercatone Uno , Fassa , Liquigas , Cantina , Lampre , Fuenlabrada , Bigmat Auber , Alessio y Costa de Almería .
Alvaro de la Riva Reina , que nació en Madrid en 1964 , cursó estudios de Derecho en la Universidad Complutense de Madrid y en la de Cantabria y se inició en el medio televisivo en 1989 , desempeñando diferentes funciones en Antena. TV , en las áreas de Comunicación , Programación y Producción .
Los presidentes de las federaciones deportivas internacionales asistirán también como observadores a los debates , lo que eleva la cantidad de delegados presentes en Río a 1.500 .
Durante la inauguración de la asamblea de ACNO por parte del presidente Fernando Henrique Cardoso se festejará el primer centenario de la participación de la mujer en los Juegos Olímpicos : el coro Meninas Cantoras de Petrópolis , el primero que se creó en Brasil formado únicamente por niñas , será el encargado de cantar el himno nacional .
Un equipo de científicos franceses desafió hoy las tesis estadounidenses según las cuales el genoma humano está compuesto por más de 100.000 genes , al defender que tan sólo cuenta con una cantidad de entre 28.000 y 34.000 genes , apenas el doble de una mosca .
En la reunión de hoy se aprobó además la modificación del proyecto de las obras de Pryca , la cesión gratuita de un local en la calle Gutiérrez Solana para el colegio cántabro de entrenadores de fútbol y un proyecto básico para la construcción de 16 viviendas y garajes en Cueto-Valdenoja , informó el Ayuntamiento en una nota de prensa .
EFE - Cantabria Córdoba , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Los alcaldes socialistas de Badalona , Maite Arqué , y de Sant Adriá , Jesús María Canga , han efectuado hoy una visita conjunta a las calles limítrofes de ambos municipios dentro de la voluntad compartida de afrontar la planificación de soluciones para estas zonas .
Por su parte , Jesús María Canga ha reivindicado que " Sant Adriá existe " , para reiterar el interés de su municipio en que se revise el nombre de la actual estación del metro de Joan XXIII de la línea cuatro .
EFE - Cantabria Santiago de Chile , 23 may ( EFE ) .
La entidad ha asegurado un mínimo de 50 acciones para todos los mandatos de compra - se recibieron 709.000 - , cantidad que tenían garantizada los inversores accionistas de la entidad hasta el 20 de abril pasado .
Esta no sería la primera vez que el Elche vende jugadores para paliar el déficit que ha generado , ya que hace dos años traspasó a Eloy Jiménez a Las Palmas y a Héctor Belenguer al Sevilla , operación por lo que percibió una cantidad cercana a los 300 millones de pesetas .
Para ello - indicó - , debe abandonar su complicidad con la patronal vasca y hacer una apuesta decidida que redunde en la mejora de la cantidad y calidad del empleo " .
Indica UUAA que para poder recibir ayudas Europeas para la reconversión y reestructuración de viñedos , es preciso contar con una cantidad suficiente de cepas libres de virus y con certificación sanitaria para nuevas plantaciones de las que no dispone Galicia , por lo que pide a la Xunta que cree un vivero público que garantice la demanda de cepas a precios asequibles para todos viticultores gallegos que las precisen .
A pesar de que en la prórroga presupuestaria la cantidad contemplada para este plan era de 1.700 millones de pesetas , " los créditos comprometidos durante el ejercicio 99 por ciento anterior administración " han reducido esta cifra en setecientos millones .
EFE - Cantabria Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Aseguran que la cantidad de personas que cruza por este paso fronterizo con Marruecos desborda a los agentes allí destinados , " que continuamente tienen que emplear medios coercitivos para impedir el paso de cientos de ciudadanos marroquíes indocumentados que intentan llegar a Ceuta " .
La Federación de Servicios Públicos ( FSP ) de UGT de Madrid en colaboración con la federación de Cantabria , celebrará desde mañana hasta el viernes en Santander los II Encuentros de Acción Sindical. Salud Laboral a los que asistirán más de un centenar de sindicalistas y expertos .
EFE-Cantabria Londres , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
De los 13 futbolistas que llegaron ayer a Cantabria convocados por José Antonio Camacho a falta de los jugadores de los equipos que aún no han concluido la temporada ( Valencia , Real Madrid , Atlético de Madrid y Espanyol ) , han quedado 12 al partir esta hacia Vigo el lesionado Sergio .
Hasta el momento los hombres de Iñaki Sáez han realizados dos sesiones de entrenamiento , en la primera jornada entrenaron en el campo municipal de Vargas ( próximo al balneario ) y hoy se trasladaron a la capital cántabra para ejercitarse en el campo del Sardinero .
EFE-Cantabria Zaragoza , 23 may ( EFE ) .
La lonja del Santoña subastó hoy alrededor de 7.000 cajas de anchoa , equivalentes a 150 toneladas de pesca , en una buena jornada para la flota de este puerto cántabro .
EFE-Cantabria Santander , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Las fiestas populares de primavera de la zona Castilla Hermida comenzarán el jueves con el primer festival Cantabria en Primavera , que incluirá las actuaciones del Trío Cantabria y Saltabardales .
Talleres , jornadas de rol , exhibiciones de taekondo , kung fu , un guateque con música de baile de los setenta y la actuación de la cantante Karina son algunas de las actividades previstas para el viernes .
EFE-Cantabria Miami ( EEUU ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Esta huelga había dejado vacíos más de la mitad de los cajeros automáticos de Francia y obligado a utilizar cheques y tarjetas de crédito para cantidades ínfimas .
Así mismo , si alguno de los nuevos participantes , quienes entrarán mañana en la casa , se convirtiera en el ganador , no podrá percibir los 20 millones de premio en su totalidad sino una cantidad proporcional a los días que haya permanecido en la casa .
La entidad ha asegurado un mínimo de 50 acciones para todos los mandatos de compra - se recibieron 709.000 - , cantidad que tenían garantizada los inversores accionistas de la entidad hasta el 20 de abril pasado .
La Caravana " Pirineos Sur " contó con la presencia del cantante cubano Pedro Luis Ferrer , cuya actuación , con letras críticas al régimen castrista , fue bien acogida en los cuatro puntos del itinerario de promoción diseñado inicialmente .
Durante la presentación del festival en Madrid , el pasado domingo en la Sala Suristán de la capital , los actores cubanos Vladimir Cruz y Jorge Perugorría asistieron al recital de canciones ofrecido por su compatriota cubano .
Carlos Arturo Nuzman confirmó que , en forma simultáea a estas dos candidaturas , la ciudad carioca pretende recibir las competencias mundiales de la Federación Internacional de Natación en el 2005 , de los torneos ecuestres en el 2006 y de las federaciones de Judó , atletismo y canotaje .
Por allí irán pasando políticos como el vicepresidente del Gobierno Regional , Miguel Angel Revilla , el consejero de Sanidad , Jaime del Barrio , el portavoz del grupo parlamentario PSOE-Progresistas Angel Duque , además de los gestores locales , deportistas como Dani García , músicos y los narradores de cuentos más relevantes de Cantabria .
El maratón está organizado por la Asociación Cultural Muriago y la Biblioteca Municipal Guillermo Arce y patrocinado por el Ayuntamiento de Los Corrales de Buelna , Caja Cantabria y el Gobierno Regional .
EFE-Cantabria Las Palmas de Gran Canaria , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Juan Sánchez , con Raúl ; Cañizares con Redondo y Raúl también , los franceses Roche y Karembeu hablaron en la banda , los yugoslavos Ognjenovic y Djukic departieron un rato .
La selección de personajes " no ha sido nada fácil " , según el autor , por " la gran cantidad de castellanoleoneses que tiene , a base de trabajo y talento , un lugar de privilegio en todos los sectores productivos , intelectuales y profesionales " .
El consorcio está formado por la Asociación Mensajeros de la Paz , Farmacéuticos sin Fronteras de España , Fundación CEAR , Fundación Humanismo. Democracia y Fundación Cánovas del Castillo .
Los gritos de ánimo para los técnicos y los jugadores colegiales , que se pararon a departir con los jóvenes aficionados antes de subirse al autobús que les iba a trasladar a la cancha blanca , salpicaron de humor la salida de José Vicente Hernández y los suyos .
EFE-Cantabria París , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE-Cantabria Gijón ( España ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
F. R. J. ha sido condenado además a indemnizar a los perjudicados en más de 70 millones de pesetas , cantidad que se incrementará cuando se resuelvan los litigios que mantienen algunos de los que fueron sus clientes con los bancos que les otorgaron créditos para la adquisición de licencias y vehículos .
El disco incluye temas como " You never know " , una auténtica demostración de " funk orgánico " , o baladas como " Love song " e " In the city " , en total doce canciones en las que han participado invitados como DJ Samp , colaborador habitual de Beck , o John Popper , del grupo Blues Traveler , y el coro de gospel liderado por Rose Stone .
Incluso porque este conflicto puede tener impacto sobre otros sectores de la economía " , manifestó el canciller , sin dar más detalles , en una entrevista que publica hoy el diario económico " Valor " .
Por tanto , al no haber existido exceso de peticiones , todos los colegiados obtendrán la cantidad de acciones que han solicitado , sin necesidad de realizar prorrateo .
EFE-Cantabria París , 23 may ( EFE ) .
El canciller federal austriaco , Wolfgang Schuessel , declaró hoy que hay que ser " muy , muy cuidadosos " en la valoración de las consultas del primer ministro portugués , Antonio Guterres , para decidir si se mantienen las sanciones de los socios comunitarios contra Viena .
También permite que la OPIC financie una cantidad " sin límite " de proyectos en Panamá , con un margen mínimo de 250.000 dólares hasta un máximo de 200 millones .
Según la Policía Local de este municipio , estas inundaciones se deben tanto a la cantidad de agua caída en poco tiempo como a la falta de un encauzamiento adecuado , ya que aún no están terminadas las obras de un gran colector en una zona que ya se vio afectada por las inundaciones de 1997 .
Para la diputada de Coalición Canaria Mar Julios la proposición es " oportuna y necesaria " porque las cifras de siniestralidad laboral " nos ponen a la cabeza de Europa y son intolerables " y suponen un impacto " individual , colectivo y financiero " .
La misión de observación electoral de la OEA , que encabeza el ex canciller guatemalteco Eduardo Stein , ha recomendado un aplazamiento de la cita electoral del próximo domingo .
El jugador argentino se lesionó en la rodilla izquierda , mediada la sesión , en el ensayo de contragolpes con tres jugadores y aunque intentó continuar el entrenamiento , el médico valencianista Jorge Candel habló con el jugador y ambos se retiraron a los vestuarios donde le realizó una primera exploración médica .
( OV2015 ) FENOSA CONDICIONA EXITO OPA A CONSEGUIR 51% CAPITAL DE CANTABRICO Madrid ( EFE ) .
El portavoz socialista en el Congreso y secretario general de la Federación Socialista Asturiana , Luis Martínez Noval , se mostró hoy escéptico ante la posibilidad de que el Gobierno vete la unión de Hidroeléctrica del Cantábrico y Unión Fenosa pese. que , en su opinión , dicha operación reducirá la competencia en el mercado eléctrico .
( OV2087 ) SANCHEZ Y FRAGA ABORDARON CALENDARIO AUTOVIA DEL CANTABRICO Oviedo ( EFE ) .
El presidente de la Xunta de Galicia , Manuel Franga , y el presidente del PP de Asturias , Ovidio Sánchez , mantuvieron hoy un encuentro en Oviedo en el que , entre otros puntos , abordaron la evolución de la Autovía del Cantábrico y las conexiones ferroviarias del noroeste español .
Cancún ( México ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
El encuentro , que se lleva a cabo en Cancún , será presidido por el secretario de Comunicaciones. Transportes de México , Carlos Ruiz Sacristán .
La reunión finalizará el próximo viernes con la firma de la Declaración de Cancún , que incluirá la lista de asuntos y líneas de actuación , así como la dirección estratégica que impulsará los trabajos del Grupo de Telecomunicaciones durante los próximos dos años .
No obstante , la selección española siguió muy irregular y desperdició una gran cantidad de balones que tiró fuera de la cancha .
Por estas gestiones , la red desarticulada exigía supuestamente una cantidad que oscilaba entre los trescientos. quinientos dólares .
Cañizares y Angloma , uno con el Madrid y el otro con el Olympique de Marsella , ya saben lo que es ganar una Copa de Europa .
Angloma -35 años - , Djukic -34 - y Pellegrino -29 - guardan el patio a Cañizares , un experimentado portero que colecciona títulos , entre ellos Ligas , Copa de Europa y un oro olímpico .
Enrique Ponce animará al Valencia y a su gran amigo Santi Cañizares .
Valencia CF : Cañizares ; Angloma , Pellegrino , Djukic , Gerardo ; Mendieta , Farinós , Gerard , Kily González ; Angulo y Piojo López .
Un juez de Nueva York falló hoy , martes , que si la cantante del grupo de rock The Pretenders , Chrissie Hynde , no es arrestada en los próximos seis meses , será desestimado el caso en su contra por una protesta en contra de la tienda GAP .
La cantante saltó a la fama en los años 70 al liderar la banda de rock inglesa The Pretenders , que se hizo famosa con canciones como " Stop your sobbing " y " Back on the Chain Gang " .
Later op zondag moest een Britse Concorde in het Canadese Gander een noodlanding maken , omdat passagiers in het vliegtuig brandstof roken .
Hevige branden hebben in enkele dagen ruim 4500 hectare pijnbomen , wijnranken en fruitplantages verwoest op het Canarische eiland La Palma .
Tweede ronde : Kristie Boogert ( Ned ) - Ai Sugiyama ( Jap ) 6 - 3 , 6 - 4 -- Allison Bradshaw ( VSt ) - Marissa Irvin ( VSt ) 6 - 3 , 6 - 1 -- Magui Serna ( Spa ) - Rita Grande ( Ita ) 7 - 6 ( 7 / 4 ) , 6 - 3 -- Adriana Gersi ( Tsj ) - Nathalie Dechy ( Fra ) 7 - 6 ( 7 / 3 ) en opgave -- Meghann Shaughnessy ( VSt ) - Pavlina Nola ( Bul ) 6 - 3 , 6 - 2 -- Arantxa Sanchez ( Spa / 9 ) - Sonya Jeyaseelan ( Can ) 6 - 4 , 6 - 1 -- Jennifer Capriati ( VSt / 15 ) - Henrieta Nagyova ( Slk ) 6 - 2 , 6 - 3 -- Nathalie Tauziat ( Fra / 8 ) - Maria Alejandra Vento ( Ven ) 6 - 3 , 6 - 1 -- Amanda Coetzer ( ZAf / 13 ) - Jana Kandarr ( Dui ) 2 - 6 , 6 - 4 , 6 - 2 -- Janet Lee ( Tai ) - Dawn Buth ( VSt ) 6 - 2 , 7 - 5 -- Tatiana Garbin ( Ita ) - Jelena Kostanic ( Kro ) 6 - 1 , 6 - 3 -- Martina Hingis ( Zwi / 1 ) - Kristina Brandi ( VSt ) 6 - 1 , 6 - 1 -- Mary Pierce ( Fra ) - Magdalena Maleeva ( Bul ) 7 - 5 , 2 - 6 , 6 - 1 -- Shinobu Asagoe ( Jap ) - Patty Schnyder ( Zwi ) 7 - 5 , 6 - 4 -- Elena Dementieva ( Rus ) - Sylvia Plischke ( Oos ) 6 - 4 , 7 - 6 ( 8 - 6 ) , Lindsay Davenport ( VS ) - Kim Clijsters 4 - 6 , 6 - 2 , 6 - 2 , Dominique Van Roost - Lilia Osterloch ( VS ) 6 - 7 ( 7 / 9 ) , 6 - 4 , ( opgave Van Roost ) , Lisa Raymond ( VSt ) - Ruxandra Dragomir ( Roe ) 6 - 4 , 6 - 2 , Conchita Martinez ( Spa / 7 ) - Maria Antonia Sanchez Lorenzo ( Spa ) 6 - 3 , 6 - 2
De jonge Toscaan Paolo Bossoni ( Cantina Tollo ) verraste de elitegroep in de spurt door op het gepaste moment Giovanni Lombardi te passeren .
De koning kwam van in den beginne in een lastig parket : hij moest in de volksgunst blijven om zijn macht te behouden én hij moest zijn toevlucht nemen tot canapépolitiek , schemerzones en lobbywerk om ook enige macht uit te oefenenen .
Eerste ronde : Coetzer ( ZAf / 9 ) - Drake ( Can ) 6 - 0 , 6 - 4 -- Leon Garcia ( Spa ) - Krasnoroutskaya ( Rus ) 7 - 6 ( 7 / 4 ) , 6 - 1 -- Morariu ( VSt ) - Vento ( Ven ) 6 - 1 , 6 - 2 -- Black ( Zim ) - Myskina ( Rus ) 2 - 6 , 7 - 6 ( 7 / 4 ) , 6 - 2 -- Farina ( Ita ) - Sanchez Lorenzo ( Spa ) 6 - 3 , 6 - 1 -- Kremer ( Lux ) - Kovalchuk ( Oek ) 6 - 4 , 6 - 1 -- Tanasugarn ( Tha ) - Erre ( Fra ) 7 - 6 ( 8 / 6 ) , 7 - 6 ( 7 / 5 ) -- Sanchez-Vicario ( Spa / 8 ) - Nola ( Bul ) 6 - 1 , 6 - 1 -- Sidot ( Fra ) - Bachmann ( Dui ) 6 - 3 , 7 - 6 ( 7 / 5 ) -- Jeyaseelan ( Can ) - Cocheteux ( Fra ) 6 - 7 ( 3 / 7 ) , 6 - 2 , 6 - 4 -- Serna ( Spa ) - Nagyova ( Svk ) 6 - 2 , 6 - 4 -- Srebotnik ( Svk ) - Hopmans ( Ned ) 4 - 6 , 7 - 5 , 6 - 3 -- Brandi ( VSt ) - Andretto ( Fra ) 6 - 2 , 6 - 1 -- Huber ( Dui / 11 ) - Petrova ( Rus ) 3 - 6 , 6 - 4 , 7 - 5 -- Fusai ( Fra ) - Kostanic ( Kro ) 7 - 5 , 6 - 1 -- Plischke ( Oos ) - Lucic ( Kro ) 6 - 2 , 6 - 0 -- Foretz ( Fra ) - Molik ( Aus ) 6 - 4 , 6 - 2 -- Kournikova ( Rus / 14 ) - Webb ( Can ) 6 - 4 , 6 - 4 -- V. Williams ( VSt / 4 ) - Kandarr ( Dui ) 6 - 0 , 6 - 3 -- Martinez ( Spa / 5 ) - Jidkova ( Rus ) 6 - 2 , 6 - 3 -- Casoni ( Ita ) - Courtois 1 - 6 , 7 - 6 ( 7 / 3 ) , 6 - 4 -- Sugiyama ( Jap ) - Clijsters 6 - 2 , 3 - 6 , 6 - 2 -- Gersi ( Tsj ) - Cristea ( Roe ) 6 - 4 , 6 - 3 -- Babel ( Dui ) - Cohen-Aloro ( Fra ) 6 - 4 , 6 - 7 ( 4 / 7 ) , 6 - 1 -- Schett ( Oos / 16 ) - Kleinova ( Tsj ) 6 - 3 , 6 - 4 -- Van Roost - Davenport ( VSt / 2 ) 6 - 7 ( 5 / 7 ) , 6 - 4 , 6 - 3 -- Loit ( Fra ) - Pratt ( Aus ) 6 - 3 , 6 - 2 -- Marrero ( Spa ) - Spirlea ( Roe ) 6 - 3 , 6 - 4 -- De Lone - Schwartz ( Oos ) 6 - 3 , 6 - 2 -- Weingartner ( Dui ) - De Swardt ( ZAf ) 1 - 6 , 7 - 6 ( 7 / 2 ) , 6 - 3 -- Grzybowska ( Pol ) - Likhovtseva ( Rus ) 6 - 0 , 2 - 6 , 7 - 5 -- de los Rios ( Zwi ) - Vavrinec ( Zwi ) 6 - 4 , 7 - 6 ( 8 / 6 ) .
" Kandidaten als Gerolsteiner , Team Cologne , Linda McCartney , Cantina Tolo , Liquigas en Euskaltel schrappen , was niet moeilijk .
Monster.ca moet een onderdeel worden van de Canadese site van AOL .
Italië : Toldo , Cannavaro , Nesta , Iuliano , Maldini , Di Biagio , Di Livio , Albertini , Del Piero , Totti , Inzaghi .
Derde ronde : Raymond ( VS ) - Jeyaseelan ( Can ) 6 - 2 6 - 1 -- Appelmans - Smashnova ( Isr ) 6 - 3 6 - 4 -- Tanasugarn ( Tha ) - Sidot ( Fra ) 6 - 1 4 - 6 6 - 4 -- Hingis ( Zwi / 1 ) - Talaja ( Cro ) 6 - 2 6 - 2 -- Barabanschikova ( W-Rus ) - Frazier ( VS ) 6 - 3 6 - 2 -- Huber ( Dui / 11 ) - Pisnik ( Slo ) 6 - 2 6 - 3 .
Het zijn de voorbeelden van Paolo Maldini , Alessandro Nesta , Fabio Cannavaro en Mark Iuliano , die in de stijl van hun voorgangers tonen klasseverdedigers te zijn .
Toen Cannavaro in een noodgeval de bal toch over de achterlijn trapte , leverde hem dat onbegrijpende blikken van zijn ploegmaats op .
Die komt straks aan bod ( Bode verwijst hier naar de parlementaire hoorzitting die na ons gesprek plaatsvond en waar de Canadese expert Rodney Schmidt ontkende dat er veel sluiproutes zijn voor speculanten als je de belasting heft via de gecentraliseerde internationale vereffeningssystemen , nvdr ) . "
Côte de Canjuers 840 m 4,2 km 4,5 %
Cancun
Van donderdag tot en met zondag smeult de Brazilian Barbecue ( formule All you can eat voor 10 dollar ) en smullen de gasten .
We vergelijken toch even met de reguliere Kriek van Cantillon op basis van geuze .
Je kunt alleen maar besluiten dat Cantillon zijn vak kent .
Vandaag brouwt Cantillon zelfs abrikozenbier , helaas hier te lande ongeveer onvindbaar want integraal bestemd voor Frankrijk .
Brouwerij Cantillon , Gheudestraat 56 , 1070 Anderlecht , tel. 02 / 521.49.28 , fax 02 / 520.28.91 .
De kriekenoogst valt wat tegen , daarom gebruikt Cantillon ook wat kersen .
De Brusselse lambiekbrouwer Cantillon houdt van een experimentje .
De Brusselse lambiekbrouwer Cantillon houdt van een experimentje
Cantillon brouwt al lang krieken- en frambozenbier en is in de vroege jaren zeventig de eerste die proefbrouwsels maakt met druiven .
De Wetterse lokale bierliefhebbersvereniging het ' Genotschap der Bierproevers ' heeft een boontje voor de bieren van Cantillon .
Misschien kun je met een origineel idee weer terecht bij Cantillon .
nuclear rockets can destroy airfields with ease
flying standby can be practical if you want to save money
can the agency overthrow alien forces
