Hopefully this approach may avoid the extremes of complete abandonment of dietary principles on the one hand and obsessional self-denial on the other .
Additionally , even when moderately-stocked , the tank can soon take on an abnormally crowded appearance which may not appeal to everyone . 
My list may include a tomato , a buttered roll , a chunk of moist cheese , a slice of fruit cake , and an orange . 
This supper dish may be simmered gently on the hob or baked in the oven -- yes , baked beans !
Prawns abound in most locations , and small ones may comprise the majority of the catch .
Girls with few friends in childhood report more abuse , though this may be an effect of abuse and not a risk factor .
As a means of establishing the specific.problem , and therefore the level of model interpretation , a quick look at the local geometry may be accomplished using the wireframe edge representation .
These positive aspects of the Michigan law may , however , have been achieved at the expense of simplicity .
A programme of national assessment began in May 1978 and concerned itself with the standard achieved by 11 year olds .
They may believe in apocalyptic prophecy and actively seek to bring about Armageddon , or the end of the world .
A curious feature of the scene is that the worshipping woman seems to be naked apart from an anklet and what may be a sacral knot tied round her neck . 
Rings with stones may not be worn . 
Players may admire you for all your footballing achievements , but unless your cufflinks are bigger , shinier and nastier than everyone else 's , respect will forever elude you . 
Goggles : Available either as safety spectacles or fully enclosing goggles they are for use where there is the risk of high speed particle shed or fumes that may be injurious to the eyes . 
He used to play baseball and he wears a white baseball cap that one day may become as famous as Pat Cash 's chequered headbands . 
It may be difficult to read your watch , but the protection is far better . 
Printed texts , if he can find them , may be wildly inaccurate , and notes and glossaries either hesitant or misleading . "
The precise mathematical formulation of voting models may be compared with the historical approach of much Marxist writing .
I may be adequate for staging and synchronizing embryos for some purposes , a precise analysis of developmental mechanisms can only be undertaken on cells of known age .
However , it is impossible to lay down a precise test against which the adequacy of disclosure may be assessed .
We would couple this with an investigation to discover the real cause or causes of the high labour turnover ( which may turn out to have nothing to do with the immediate problem ) .
Difficult modes of speech may be coined to convey difficult themes , but the private nature of the artist 's invention is what gives it its power . 
US officials report that Iran can produce several hundred tons of chemical agent annually and that it may have already produced as much as 2,000 tons of agent , including mustard , cyanide , and possibly sarin nerve agent , at plants near Qazvin , Parchin , and Esfahan .
According to U.S. government estimates , Iran can produce 1,000 metric tons of agent per year and may have a stockpile of at least several thousand metric tons of weaponized and bulk agent .
May have small quantities of agent available ; seeking larger capability .
According to U.S. government estimates , Iran can produce 1,000 metric tons of agent per year and may have a stockpile of at least several thousand metric tons of weaponized and bulk agent .
The United States alleges that Iran may have started to develop small quantities of agent , possibly including mycotoxins , ricin , and the smallpox virus .
Although the U.S. government believes that the BW agent stockpiles have been destroyed , activities that contravene the BWC may continue at a few military biological facilities in Russia .
Terrorists may seek to obtain greater status or bargaining power by demonstrating that they have the technological capabilities required to develop , produce , and deliver CBW agents .
Yet although small terrorist cells may be more motivated to use CBW and harder for counterterrorism authorities to interdict , they may lack the technical and financial resources needed to produce and deliver CBW agents .
Although the majority of the CW stockpile in the North may not be of the more sophisticated and lethal nerve agent variety , it may contain a large quantity of casualty agents such as mustard , phosgene , and Lewisite , all compounds that are relatively easy to manufacture .
During the 1990s , the unavailability of precursors required to manufacture some nerve agents may very well have challenged the DPRK logistical supply network .
Westinghouse Anniston , its subcontractors and the Anniston Chemical Agent Disposal Facility have more than 8.7 million safe work hours , 2,214 safe work days and a recordable injury rate of 0.49 per 200,000 hours worked as of the end of May .
I am done with you ; you may lead your lives as you wish . " 
In May 1998 , the London Daily Telegraph reported that `` Iran has concluded a secret deal with China to purchase banned chemicals that will enable it to become self-sufficient in producing large stockpiles of advanced nerve gas . ''
I have completed the invoices for April, May and June and we owe Pasadena each month for a total of $3,615,910.62 .
I have completed the invoices for April, May and June and we owe Pasadena each month for a total of $3,615,910.62 .
For its part , Iran continues to assert that it pursues a nuclear program with only peaceful applications , while El - Baradei is steadfast in his belief that the situation may be resolved diplomatically .
In addition to feeling threatened by Iraq 's growing nuclear program , these attacks may explain why the Khomeini government ultimately resumed its efforts to continue Iran 's nuclear power program and strengthen its existing nuclear research program -- and ultimately to develop nuclear weapons .
North Korea has not conducted a nuclear test , but in early May 2005 , press reports indicated that U.S. satellite imagery had detected signs that North Korea could be preparing for a nuclear test to be conducted in June .
Many analysts now believe the talks are dead , and in early May 2005 there were reports that Washington and Tokyo were preparing to refer the issue to the UN Security Council .
Ed_Henry : Democrats say they also want to signal they 're ready to stand up to the Republican majority and may even filibuster the president 's latest Supreme Court pick Samuel Alito a move that would make these events seem like the opening fireworks in a much nastier battle .
In May 1990 the government renewed protests to Romania about pollution in Ruse by chlorine gas from the neighbouring Romanian town of Giurgiu .
He resumed work at Beaumaris in 1306 but died before May 1309 .
In addition to feeling threatened by Iraq 's growing nuclear program , these attacks may explain why the Khomeini government ultimately resumed its efforts to continue Iran 's nuclear power program and strengthen its existing nuclear research program -- and ultimately to develop nuclear weapons .
The United States alleges that Iran may have started to develop small quantities of agent , possibly including mycotoxins , ricin , and the smallpox virus .
The United States alleges that Iran may have started to develop small quantities of agent , possibly including mycotoxins , ricin , and the smallpox virus .
The Red Sox started wearing numbers on their backs in 1931 , and first retired numbers May 29, 1984 , when they honored Williams and Cronin .
As courts began dealing with charges of theft and public order offences , a qualified referee was told he may be jailed for his part in the looting of a Blackpool jewellers .
On the morning of May 27 , representatives of the government and rebel groups began talks in London , with the US Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs , Herman Cohen , as mediator .
However , the IAEA may begin implementing special inspections for problem nations , with Iran as a possible test case ( 6925 ) .
On 14 May 1994 , Korean technicians began removing the spent fuel rods without the supervision of IAEA inspectors .
If trusts , as is often said , depended on the testator 's intention and little else , then to launch into a discussion of the wordings they employed may well seem perverse .
He may feel that his doctor has prematurely terminated his assessment of his problems , thereby increasing his sense of helplessness and discouraging further discussion with the doctor .
We have already seen that this may simply have been a way of saying that Wulfstan had secured an undertaking that they were going to abandon practices which he found displeasing .
People who are under medical direction to lose weight or quit smoking may likewise be quite rightly unwilling to give in to their impulses .
Unemployment still is officially recorded at 16.5 % , the highest rate in Europe , although actual joblessness may be lower .
Oh , they may rail against you at first ; they may decry you as a heathen or a literary savage ; but while those in power say such things , others will read your tales and see their true worth .
Sugar addicts gain weight , rot their teeth , and in extreme cases may even develop diabetes . 
When we are defined early on in our lives as bad and worthless we may become addicted to guilt . 
Similarly , many other forms of compulsive behaviour are easily recognised even though there may be considerable debate if one has the temerity to apply the term " addiction " .
Strange as it may sound , compulsive shoppers very often do n't even wear their look -- in contrast , of course , to the average shopper who flaunts a new frock or jumper to death .
It may appear paradoxical but the compulsive gambler may get the biggest adrenalin surge from the biggest loss and , like the proverbial fisherman , may boast of the " one that got away " .
The caffeine addict or compulsive cigarette smoker may initially find it difficult to identify with someone addicted to Valium or Heroin but the stigma of addictive disease is inappropriate and the commonality of all addictions is considerable .
Police investigating a series of ramraid attacks say the culprits may be using the crime to finance their drug habits . 
Your brother may have been a junkie , but he was also my friend and I happened to love him ! 
Sheriff Robert Younger told him : ` You are a first offender and perhaps your alcoholism may have played a part in these offences . 
On this showing , people who avowedly hate his novels may find themselves hooked to this series .
He warned : ` Once somebody gets hooked on this sort of thing they may step it up .
The respondent may also adduce argument .
One may also adduce the fact that a Beethoven symphony often impels its audience to interpret the music pictorially , but in no one single way .
The United States imposed sanctions in May , citing Syria 's pursuit of WMD programs as one of the reasons for this step .
Not infrequently two or more adjacent cells may become confluent owing to the atrophy of the vein or veins separating them .
Demonstration boats may be paddled on the adjacent River Tay .
If the tooth is loosened in its socket , modern dental surgery may be able to fix it to adjacent teeth .
Withdrawal from southern England , therefore , may have been accompanied by a period of consolidation in the more immediately adjoining territories around the Mercian heartland , analogous to processes at work in northern and southern England .
The site may , of course , benefit from easements imposed on adjoining land .
And do n't place the magnets directly next to your heater , as they may affect its performance .
Under floating , the exchange rate can operate as a form of automatic adjustment to payments imbalances , although such adjustment may not be full or immediate .
Very small last minute adjustments to spacing may become necessary , but if you have tailored your item to fit the plan then you are reasonably safe .
Further adjustments of the output level and the profit margin as the firm becomes more acquainted with the market within which it operates , given sufficient time , may enable it to reach its objective .
It follows that no adjustment of the real wage rate may be required to reduce unemployment .
It 's anyone 's guess what may happen in the future , but for now Hong Kong bristles with energy and ambition , and for the visitor , this beautiful city with its contrasts and variety is an exhilarating experience .
` He may be ugly , but at least he writes good songs . "
The CPO affirmed that all major planning applications for Howdendyke had been advertised in the local press , and that ` even neighbour notification may have taken place . " 
China is replacing its older DF-5 missiles with new DF -5A variants , which may eventually be equipped with multiple warheads .
It seems that the picturesque older sections with their old houses , narrow streets , and winding alleyways may not be around much longer .
ONE of Scotland 's most ancient highways may be given a new lease of life as a commuter route for cyclists .
Swords are often passed down from father to son , and may be extremely ancient family heirlooms that have drawn blood in thousands of battles .
This may be inappropriate if he is very young , or long since gone , but it can be worthwhile .
Preventing a young and disruptive child from playing , but allowing him/her to watch the others at play , may also do the trick .
` We are worried that fireworks may be made available in shops to children under the age of 16 .
I may add that Miss Burnet 's age and character make it certain that my first idea that there might be a love interest in our story is out of the question .
The US Supreme Court may produce new criteria for the admissibility of scientific evidence in the courts on the basis of a suit now being heard .
Biologists at Fort Detrick 's newest biodefense center may be asked to make some of the world 's deadliest microbes even more dangerous than they already are .
China is replacing its older DF-5 missiles with new DF -5A variants , which may eventually be equipped with multiple warheads .
Differences in growth rate may be apparent all the time or only during select stages such as germination or the formation of floral structures , and they may or may not result in a difference in height at maturity .
Combined with the fact that some , albeit fewer , hypertrophic cells are present , the accumulation of proliferating chondrocytes suggests that Hoxc-8 regulates the rate of progression of chondrocytes to maturity [ 1 ] . In line with this interpretation , the in vivo BrdU incorporation assays suggested that cell cycle progression of chondrocytes may be decreased in transgenic animals with higher Hoxc-8 transgene expression levels .
On the cliffs there are magnificent colonies of guillemots , razorbills , puffins , fulmars and kittiwakes and , offshore , gannets and shearwaters pass by even whales may add to the day 's impressive wildlife list . 
An article in the Oxford Times of 18 May 1976 describes an encounter between a householder and a group of rather tiresome young people who had chosen his street frontage as a meeting place . 
On the weekend of May 11-12 a group of about 200 radical ecologists and feminists broke away from the Greens to form the Ecological Left/Alternative List . 
Such products may have to contain specific properties ( attributes ) that match exactly the demand pattern of a specific group of customers . 
For the purposes of this tutorial , however , the term `` terrorism '' will be used to describe acts that incorporate the following elements : Intentional or threatened violence directed against civilians or noncombatants ; Actors that are sub - national groups or individuals ( although they may receive financial or logistical support from governments ) ; Motivations that are chiefly political , ideological , or religious ( i.e. , not strictly criminal ) ; Often , some element of symbolism in the choice of target , together with the desire to elicit fear in a larger audience beyond the immediate victims of an attack .
The psychology or ideology of a particular terrorist group or individual may lead to a fascination with poisons and disease .
Some groups may have a particular fascination with plagues and poisons .
A tranquil enough scene , we may say , once the squads of militia had departed and the floods abated . 
It presents a host of problems -- medical , moral , ethical , and legal -- that may confront any patient , relative , and doctor when coping with death and dying . 
You may fatten a couple of pigs to kill and keep a small flock of laying hens or ducks on household scraps . 
An expert potter who sedulously observes all the taboos of his trade may find that a whole batch of carefully turned pots crack in firing . 
As of May 2005 , there had been three rounds of six - party talks in Beijing .
Decades of educational research tell us unequivocally that even smaller classes have zero effect on the academic performance of the pupils -- though they may sometimes be desirable for other reasons .
As we have seen , this spoken form may be in a variety of accents , from Devon to East Anglia , from the United States to Australia . 
On May 15 a crowd of 20,000 gathered outside the Front 's headquarters and from there marched on the parliament building and the presidential palace . 
However , on sunny Saturdays and Sundays you may have to brave a crowd lining up at the lower terminal .
When a crisis comes , that is when a paradigm no longer seems valid , a multitude of competing theories may arise , and the scientific community is in a state of disarray . 
The international marketer , therefore , is still faced with a multitude of differing legal environments , about which information may be difficult to obtain , and once obtained may be very difficult to interpret . 
In species such as swans and geese , which lay large clutches of eggs soon after arrival , the reserve on landing may indeed determine breeding success for the year . 
So a female quail does not begin to incubate her clutch of a dozen or so eggs until it is complete , and that may not be for a fortnight after the first was laid . 
it will attempt to establish that there is one human history , with one truth and one intelligibility -- not by considering the material content of this history , but by demonstrating that a practical multiplicity , whatever it may be , must unceasingly totalise itself through interiorizing its multiplicity at all levels . 
Of the 121 Winterhalters the bevy of bathing beauties in ` Florinda " is a must , and I suppose ` The First of May 1851 " , the most touching of the many splendid family portraits . 
The original stress may have disappeared but the anxiety symptoms are maintained by a vicious circle of catastrophic thoughts and maladaptive behaviour . 
The number of potential Zn ( II ) binding cysteine motifs range from none in S. cerevisiae DNA topoisomerase III to four highly conserved tetracysteine motifs in the beta family of the topoisomerase III enzymes [ 38 ] . The Zn ( II ) domain formed by these tetracysteine motifs may be required for interaction with single-strand DNA in removal of hypernegative supercoils [ 39 ] or disruption of early recombination intermediates between inappropriately paired DNA molecules [ 40 ] .
It is important to distinguish the influences of both , as both may introduce particular sets of biases into the fossil assemblage . 
Despite all the apparent sophistication of defence analysis , it may thus have produced a set of answers to the wrong question . 
Such a style may sometimes become a little wearing , and may , perhaps , lack elegance , but a set of standard terms is not read for pleasure . 
There are many package tours to Guangzhou from Hong Kong ( see page 113 ) , and this may be the easiest way to visit the city .
A small shoal of big bream may patrol a beat no wider than five yards . 
During the May to August breeding season , she found that three quarters of perch nests along a 150-metre-long stretch of the stream were parasitised by schools of minnows ; during the same period , she only once saw a minnow laying its eggs away from a perch nest . 
Your army may include any number of Mobs of Goblins . 
Your army may include any number of Mobs of Forest Goblins . 
Brilliant weather from the end of May through into June , particularly on the west coast , saw hordes of climbers up on the big mountain routes , particularly on Ben Nevis . 
The newspaper coverage may have contributed to bringing the crime into the public domain , but essentially the press and the police are using the same repertoire of scripts . 
In effect , therefore , we stop acquiring any new skills and this may mean we risk having too narrow a repertoire of skills to equip us adequately for the variety of people-situations we are likely to encounter . 
Such studies do not give a true reflection of population needs , nor may the clinical indices used to predict survival or estimates of prognosis be applicable in the wider population of patients with severe acute renal failure . 
Members of the project envisage that up to 50 more birds may need to be introduced over the next two years before a self-supporting sea eagle population can be established . 
But such aspirations may easily be frustrated when managerial priorities are that a local population of mentally handicapped people is routinely visited and monitored and that recurrent crises are dealt with by team members . 
Many bacteria can also be isolated from insects and may be important in the natural control of insect populations , but the only bacteria which have been extensively studied and used as pest control agents are Bacillus spp . 
There is also consumer resistance to products that do not have an immediate effect on the pest populations several days may pass before the bacteria have a noticeable effect on the pest . 
He referred in a May 8 press conference to the refusal of Gibraltar 's Chief Minister José ( Joe ) Bossano to allow Spain access to Gibraltar 's international airport ( as agreed in 1987 ) .
If you are poor of course , even in Britain , you may care passionately about organic farming , but you probably wo n't be able to afford the vegetables .
A single piece of land may have rice growing in water , fish farmed amongst the rice , and ducks swimming on top eating the parasites that prey on rice .
This detects signals from radars on the ground that may be aiming missiles or guns at the approaching aircraft .
Earlier this month , Prime Minister Yusaf Raza Gillani said the army 's next major deployment of ground troops may target Orakzai .
These two problems may merge to produce even greater difficulties for prospective councillors . 
It frequently unites with neighbouring sclerites , or it may be divided into a pair of plates . 
Isolated lakes are generally due to local events such as landslides or collapses , which form a dam , but clustered lakes are due to regional processes , which may be related to climate ( or paleoclimate ) , neotectonic deformation , or frequently a combination of these processes .
Breastfeeding is associated with a lower incidence of infant diarrhoea and respiratory disease , particularly in less developed countries [ 1 ] . A recent ecological study on breastfeeding showed that more than half of all infant deaths from diarrhoeal disease and acute respiratory infections in Latin America are preventable by exclusive breastfeeding in infants aged 0-3 months and partial breastfeeding throughout the remainder of infancy [ 2 ] . The theoretical basis for this may be a combination of the nutritional and immunomodulatory effects of human milk [ 3 ] . Since 2001 , the WHO recommends exclusive breastfeeding up to the age of 6 months ( World Health Assembly Resolution 55 .
However , overestimation of the effect of the investigated combination may still exist .
Assume that we can , for every combination of values of the significance level α and the fudge constant S 0 , calculate ( FP , FN ) . The goodness criterion is then formulated in terms of the distance of the points ( FP , FN ) to the origin ( which point corresponds to no false positives and no false negatives , see Figure 2 ) , which in mathematical symbols may be put as
It is possible that radiation-induced , tumor-infiltrating dendritic cells may facilitate sustained activation and infiltration of the adoptively transferred CD4 +T cells in solid tumors in the combination group .
Bogs accumulate carbon for thousands of years ; trees may accumulate carbon more rapidly for perhaps 100 years , but the carbon will be released when the timber is harvested .
A second source of information may be the holdings of museums which have tried to accumulate coins from their relevant collecting areas .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) --- The United States and Russia unveiled an experimental remote-control monitoring system Friday that eventually may help safeguard tons of weapons-grade plutonium and uranium stockpiled in Russia .
However , the US expresses concerns that Iran may purchase stockpiled plutonium from North Korea ( 6840 ) .
However , the US expresses concerns that Iran may purchase stockpiled plutonium from North Korea ( 6840 ) .
But this May , with six estates of desirable , long held , reasonably estimated , property locked up , auction houses had ammunition to break this cycle .
A quarter of a million are expected in the next ten to twelve days , and the overall total of refugees from Iraq and Kuwait may amount to a full million .
Ninetythree out of the total of 123 keywords are not allowed in upper case at the start of a variable name ( anything may be used in lower case ) .
At £1,622 million , the May figure was less than two percent down on the April total of £1,651 million .
I have completed the invoices for April, May and June and we owe Pasadena each month for a total of $3,615,910.62 .
I have completed the invoices for April, May and June and we owe Pasadena each month for a total of $3,615,910.62 .
The total number of publications , however , is not necessarily the best measure for assessing scientific productivity or technical advances ( May 1997 ) .
More relevant measurements for these factors include the proportional change in the number of publications and the total number of publications when corrected for investment in research and development ( May 1997 ) .
Part of this may be because , as World Cup-winning captain Nick Farr-Jones says : ` He 's the sort of player whose brain does n't always know where his legs are carrying him . "
The discovery may also be important medically , Dr Zimmern suggested .
It may be poached in water or stock , but I prefer to cook it in the microwave , then coat it with the black butter . 
It may be poached in water or stock , but I prefer to cook it in the microwave , then coat it with the black butter . 
Haider Abu Bakr al Attas , hitherto the South Yemeni President , was named as Prime Minister on May 22 and his government was sworn in on May 27 .
The chant states that they 're angels from heaven and are asking for gifts , although if they receive none , they may break doors and windows .
OPTIONS : Any regiments of Spearmen may be equipped with light armour at an additional cost of +2 points per model . 
Demeke was arraigned at a New York court last night but German prosecutors said they may ask for him to be extradited . 
A triangle is not a material thing , but a shape which material things may have , an arrangement into which they can be put . 
According to Akashi , the 22,000-strong UNTAC team would be fully deployed by May 20 .
The authorities may call in the army to apprehend alleged offenders . 
Financial troubles marred these years : fear of arrest for debt probably motivated his flight to the Continent in November 1777 ; his resignation from the army in May 1780 may likewise have been prompted by such troubles . 
Failure to attend Court on said date may result in the appeal being dismissed , and a warrant issued for your apprehension . 
The tax was rushed through Parliament to ensure its arrival on the statute books before the election , and it may repeat some of the community charge 's mistakes . 
Please note that the guests may arrive late to the hotel . 
` I may very well not have come in any case , madame . " 
We may take it that the letter came out of this strange household and was an invitation to Garcia to carry out some attempt which had already been planned .
Nevertheless , though the dates may fairly safely be disregarded , Ismail Belig seems right in suggesting that Molla Fenari received first the muderrislik on his return from Egypt and then , later , the kadilik of Bursa . 
The Temples of Hatour and Seti I , Ramses II and the Osireion may be seen before the return by boat to Luxor . 
But his pulse returned to normal by the end of April , and at the beginning of May he returned home to Carlyle Mansions . 
The Lanx may have been made to commemorate the visit of Julian the Apostate to the shrine in 363 AD . 
Advice , information and visits at Winfrith may be obtained via Occupational Safety Group ( extension 2797 ) or Occupational Health ( extn 2162 ) . 
They did n't say where it would be held though it 's thought the Soviet leader will visit Washington from the thirtieth May until June third . 
Mr. Gardiner argued that Walton J. erred in a number of respects although he may have reached the right answer by the wrong route . 
People first reached Siberian Arctic coastlands from central Asia , successive waves moving northward to populate what may then have been a relatively mild maritime area . 
On 14 May , on the eve of the Arab forces ' entry into Palestine , he changed the invasion plan to prevent the Syrians from attacking south of the Sea of Galilee .
Brazilian Brigadier General Hugo Piva may be working in Iran , and US reports say Iran may receive nuclear weapons technology from Brazil ( PPNN ) .
It may supply uranium enrichment technology as well , although Iran says this would be used to produce low - enriched uranium only .
If Iran can adequately demonstrate peaceful intentions for its nuclear program and allows IAEA inspections , nuclear power reactor technology trade restraints may be lifted .
Heating the disc in a microwave oven for 1015 seconds effectively destroys the data layer by causing arcing in the metal reflective layer , but this same arcing may cause damage or excessive wear to the microwave oven .
This reasoning seems slightly artificial where the essence of what is alleged is fighting , and the better course may be to charge the person fighting with assault , or affray , or both . 
When you first trot these out , you may find that to your ears they sound artificial and contrived . 
Gay intellectuals may dismiss essentialism as a bogus utopia , but it has provided the emotional power behind a great deal of gay activism -- it is much harder to claim civil rights for a discursive construction . 
In some instances an applicaton may be deemed to be bogus after a two-year delay . 
Early life on Earth may have had many false starts -- as many as ten -- with each based on a different biochemistry . 
Some idea of the incredible heat of the outer fire may be gained if the fragment is genuine which says that the sun is only the size of a human foot : even at such a distance , this foot-sized object can warm us ! 
If you buy a ‘ Rolex ’ watch for £50 , you know it 's unlikely to be genuine , but what you would n't know is that it may only be worth £5 . 
Similarly , autobiographies may be idealized , though private letters and diaries are likely to be genuine enough . 
But , as controversial as that claim may seem to readers of the national press , it is an ersatz controversy , a creation of the press itself . 
These people now face annual medical inspection for the rest of their lives to assess what the radiation may have bequeathed to them in terms of a legacy of cancer or birth defects .
From April 1993 , social services will be responsible for assessing the needs of people , who may require residential or nursing home care .
Compared to plutonium - production facilities , the type of HEU production facilities that the DPRK may be developing would be difficult to detect , and therefore , it is difficult to accurately assess the program 's stage of development .
The total number of publications , however , is not necessarily the best measure for assessing scientific productivity or technical advances ( May 1997 ) .
This means that science can have two histories , which constantly intertwine but never resolve , with one evaluated as positive , the other as negative and therefore silently suppressed even though it may remain determining .
Tedious though this point may be , it is particularly in need of emphasis today , when the value of research is so often judged only by expected and short-term practical applications .
It may be misleading to judge capacity by how banks perform in a recession .
This may be possible through community representation and has been evident where neighbourhood groups have challenged the status quo and caused government to reappraise the practice of service delivery .
This example letter outlines how we may assist a client with an acquisition , involving acquisition search , targeting , approach and completion , ie a full deal management service .
It may help a family stay together .
If you choose to help , the necessary information follows so that you may contact this member directly .
May God help us all .
Staff who are capable of giving assistance on any problems that may arise in the use of the system should be available on the telephone at any time during normal working hours .
On overseas developments , a foreign bank may well be able to offer specialist assistance with matters such as currency and tax advice .
If the employer offers assistance towards housing costs , worries about living in a more expensive environment may be allayed .
However , a degree of sensitivity is required as the purchaser may need their assistance in any due diligence exercise it is undertaking , and to effect a smooth handover of the business .
Iran may have received other nuclear - related assistance and material from Argentina ( 6883 , 6897 ) .
Iran may have received other nuclear - related assistance and material from Argentina ( 6883 , 6897 ) .
Iran may have approached Pakistan for help in enriching uranium it purchased from South Africa in the late 1980s .
" I want to put you in touch with the situation , as I may need your help to-night .
` Having delivered my mea culpa , " Burney said , ` I may nevertheless be able to atone for my lapse . 
So Aaron and his sons must be cleansed , robed and their sins expiated by sacrifice before they may take office . 
They may try to nail it on the perch again but nobody will believe it is still alive . 
The body louse may lay its eggs in clothing or bedding , while the head louse , like the crab louse , cements its eggs on to hairs forming ` nits " , which are the size of a pin-head and can just be made out with the naked eye . 
Later on , permanent handrails may be fixed to the walls of the toilet , if necessary . 
You may prefer to fix the matchboard across the narrowest width of the room . 
In addition to feeling threatened by Iraq 's growing nuclear program , these attacks may explain why the Khomeini government ultimately resumed its efforts to continue Iran 's nuclear power program and strengthen its existing nuclear research program -- and ultimately to develop nuclear weapons .
The Taliban continued to control Swat until May , when a military offensive began driving it out .
Once South Waziristan is secured , some say , a ground offensive either in Orakzai or Kurram may be needed to keep the Taliban from establishing strongholds there on a par with what it had in South Waziristan .
The election will have to be rerun , but Carey may have the advantage because he triumphed in the strike .
Wildlife officials fear that the black rhino in Zimbabwe may not survive this latest onslaught .
Returning from a successful mission near Qalat , Afghanistan , Whitaker and the rest of his convoy were ambushed by Taliban fighters May 15 southwest of Kabul .
Analysts have suggested that insurgents may rely heavily on suicide attacks and roadside bombings rather than seeking a conventional military confrontation with NATO troops .
Suicide attacks outpaced car bombings almost 2-to-1 in May , according to figures compiled by the U. S. military , The Times and other media outlets .
As a result , U. S. military officials say , the number of car bombings in the capital dropped by half from May to June .
Al Qaeda allegedly gave the direct order for some of the attacks , investigators say , including one in Indonesia and the May bombing of a residential compound in Riyadh , the Saudi Arabian capital .
March 4 : In the southern Philippines , the bombing of an airport terminal , plus others on April 2 ( a crowded wharf ) and May 11 ( a public market ) kill at least 46 people .
Still , the U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency ( DIA ) estimated in May 1979 that North Korea had only a defensive capability in CW , while noting that its development of offensive chemical weapons would have been the next logical step .
Looking like the sort of accessories children may use in their doctors and nurses games , these rubbers with a white cross on the side are in fact a serious attempt from Switzerland to promote safer sex . 
We may take it that the letter came out of this strange household and was an invitation to Garcia to carry out some attempt which had already been planned .
To attempt any close analysis of the social contexts in which African primary schools operate is obviously to court unacceptable generalisations but two points may , nevertheless , be worth making . 
In later childhood , these emotions may well be repressed , as parents and then teachers attempt , by a variety of means , to socialize young people . 
' Any project searching for a shared ` female " identity in the work may be misleading , yet the shared endeavour by women to succeed in their chosen field and on their own terms is important . 
In addition to feeling threatened by Iraq 's growing nuclear program , these attacks may explain why the Khomeini government ultimately resumed its efforts to continue Iran 's nuclear power program and strengthen its existing nuclear research program -- and ultimately to develop nuclear weapons .
For example , a vendor may refuse to undertake restrictive covenants as these were not mentioned in the heads of terms .
But the King for prevention of offences may by proclamation admonish his subjects that they keep the laws , and do not offend them ; upon punishment to be inflicted by the law , . 
Fred Hirst , secretary of the maypole committee , was also at the bar and , overhearing this , admonished both to ` 'old on a minute "  . 
I 'm not going to advise the trustees to release the inheritance even if you do continue , so you may as well get rid of her . 
Mr Gorbachev may refrain from saying it publicly on Saturday but he can be expected to press Mr Honecker all the more urgently in private .
Under pressure from the Serbian government , and sometimes violent attack by the 10,000 or so armed Serb toughs in the province , up to 100,000 people may have left Kosovo in the past couple of years .
Palestinian and Jordanian pressure for a summit had been mounting since April , and in early May Iraq announced that it would host the meeting .
El - Baradei is , however , weary of pursuing such a hard line against Iran , as he fears that exerting too much pressure may cause Iran to opt out of the NPT altogether .
The same problem is raised by Fillmore ( 1977 : 119 ) when he advocates a methodology to which a discourse analyst may often wish to appeal :
May I suggest that your readers lobby their MPs on this subject ?
May I suggest that , for sheer consistency in the way in which the Opposition present their numbers , they should perhaps choose the Grand Old Duke of York as their theme .
May I suggest that we try and secure bookings for you and for myself to travel on or about August 15th ?
May I suggest that you include the rural parishes in Wyre District as far south as Garstang in this consultation .
May I suggest that he directs that advice to those who think that the right way forward is a £500 roadside snack at the Savoy to raise party funds ?
Such therapy appears to be cost effective [ 15 16 ] , especially among high risk patients and is recommended under current American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association guidelines [ 17 ] . Fourth , it may not be possible to ascertain whether these findings apply to all patients with recent acute coronary syndromes regardless of baseline lipid levels .
Further work is needed to help physicians to understand their patients ' views on hepatitis C. A recent study showed that persons with hepatitis C preferred to expedite periods of poor health , implying that they may be more likely to proceed with antiviral therapy and its attendant side effects than to delay treatment [ 19 ] . In contrast , the physicians in the current survey had a relatively high threshold for recommending treatment , which would lead them to postpone therapy in the majority of cases .
Tests recommended for use in this methods manual may be static non-renewal or static renewal .
Environmental protection talks were held in Tokyo on May 18-19 , chaired by Japan and attended by more than 35 delegations .
In addition to making an order for the child 's attendance the court may order any person who is in a position to do so to bring the child to court ( s95(5) ) .
A local authority applicant may call a parent as witness and compel his or her attendance at court by issue of a witness summons , where necessary ( see Chapter 5 , 14(c) ) .
" Well , " said the inspector with a grave and thoughtful face , " whoever he may have been , and whatever he may have wanted , he 's gone for the present , and we have more immediate things to attend to .
De Niro may have loosened up a little recently but he 's still not happy with the press attention that stardom brings . 
However , potentially educable as a painter Schnabel may or may not be , his work is just not worthy of serious attention by anyone with a developed taste in this particular art form . 
Tears may start with howls of anger , then subside to sobs which seek attention for distress , and finally dry up in fear as we face our helplessness . 
According to U.S. government estimates , Iran can produce 1,000 metric tons of agent per year and may have a stockpile of at least several thousand metric tons of weaponized and bulk agent .
According to U.S. government estimates , Iran can produce 1,000 metric tons of agent per year and may have a stockpile of at least several thousand metric tons of weaponized and bulk agent .
The U.S. economy may be on the verge of falling back into recession after more than a year of half-hearted recovery that failed to generate either jobs or hope , according to economists .
The U.S. economy may be on the verge of falling back into recession after more than a year of half-hearted recovery that failed to generate either jobs or hope , according to economists .
The U.S. economy may be on the verge of falling back into recession after more than a year of half-hearted recovery that failed to generate either jobs or hope , according to economists .
It may be quicker for someone who hears well to reply , particularly when they know the answer and the question is unimportant , but this must be avoided at all cost . 
This is to avoid the type of criticism which may have repercussions on the team member 's status or salary . 
While you may be tempted to go back to your new pet if it does cry repeatedly , try to avoid this temptation . 
He was shot in the thigh while trying to avoid arrest at the Danish frontier in May 1945 , and tried for treason in London in September . 
Students may choose quite early which behaviours to avoid for ever -- or try to . 
Rich creams are best avoided around the eyes as the skin absorbs too readily here and may become puffy . 
The Evening Standard of 20 May this year published an excellent critique of advertising and the ways in which the tobacco industry had dodged bans on advertising . 
The attack on Warrington may simply mean that there remains intact in that area of England a small cell of perhaps no more than two activists who escaped detection and arrest in operations following the gasometer explosion . 
Sarcastically , ` It may have escaped your notice , but this is not a flat . 
He may not exercise his rights or he may shirk his duties , but he can not forgo them . 
We may shun involvement with other people because it threatens our identity , and so we remain aloof . 
For example , said Mr Webster , while many investors shun nuclear weapons at all costs , they may not care if the portfolio includes alcohol . 
The avoidance of the third scenario may require the use of a consortium of microorganisms to get complete mineralisation of the toxic waste . 
These giant corporations may simply opt for law evasion . 
They may often have to forego social evenings and holidays .
` No , no , of course not , " he hurriedly corrects himself , aware he may have caused offence . 
Be aware that milk and milk products may contain unpasteurised milk 
This may be anything from increasing brand awareness to improving specific aspects of the brand image . 
Maintaining a safe environment during the final stage of the life-span may involve dependence on others and on safety aids and require renewed awareness of the hazards which are ever-present in the external environment . 
It may be that greater financial resources require to be made available in order to increase public awareness of the National Library and its functions by increased advertising and other publicity means . 
But some bankers have an acute awareness of where their loyalties lie and the idea of winding Eurotunnel up and continuing the project with a new management company may have its attractions . 
Presidential elections were held last May and the opposition candidate , Guillermo Endara , is believed to have won by a large majority , but the elections were annulled by the general amid renewed protests . 
Thus , if it is believed that the government is in fact the state , it may also be believed that the assumption of governmental power is equivalent to the acquisition of state power . 
You may sincerely believe yourself capable of running a nightclub , and as far as the public relations and administration side goes , that 's probably true . " 
FBI officials find what they believe may be explosives in the car . 
Police also find a second house where authorities believe two others may have assembled the bomb , possibly doing some welding . 
Although the U.S. government believes that the BW agent stockpiles have been destroyed , activities that contravene the BWC may continue at a few military biological facilities in Russia .
But none of them , may I say , has fully comprehended the reasons for the attitude France has adopted towards her neighbour . 
The real competition , the old-style conception of the battle for survival , may have taken place , if it took place at all , between the plants that provided the reptiles with their food . 
I have a hunch Rains may try to disappear . " 
My hunch , incidentally , is that these may not be the end of the changes . 
Tomorrow we are holding a party in our bungalow , which has room for about 60 people , and I imagine about that number may come . 
Yet we hardly know how to say what this propagation and elaboration of organization and process is , nor have we a clue about whether there may be general laws that govern such self-constructing nonequilibrium processes .
Key data sources for DPRK include defector testimony , which may be unreliable given possibility of deliberate disinformation by double agents and defectors exaggerating what they know , and unclassified estimates by US intelligence agencies , which may have certain biases based on national interest , worst - case expectations , domestic politics , etc. Also , most estimates do not rely on original texts in Korean , which may introduce some errors due to translation issues .
Your contribution to Goodwill will mean more than you may know .
I would need to revise my knowledge of patient/client confidentiality so that I may not inadvertently be in breach of proper professional conduct . 
Subordinates may have a better knowledge of ` local " conditions affecting their area of work . 
The apparent certainty of knowledge concerning the technology of sword and shield manufacture may all too easily divert attention away from the areas of greater doubt . 
You may be an experienced manager seeking to update your knowledge through formal training . 
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
The physically knowledgeable may be helped by the remark that it corresponds to a state of the particle 's spin . )
In the absence of strong evidence to the contrary , the law presumes that in face to face agreements the seller is prepared to deal with the person in front of him -- whoever that may be . 
An important presumption to which we should all adhere is that existing frontiers , however inconvenient and however arbitrarily they may have been drawn , are the lines from which we start . 
I reckon when we get the actual shoes we may find some more . 
Freud 's own answer to this question was that , in part , it may be accounted for by the supposition of an ` archaic heritage " of unconscious memories which go back to primeval times . 
I suspect Sir George Bailey at Seal Court may have something but he 's not willing to let anyone look . 
It must be accepted that at the end of the interview the child may have given no information to support the suspicion of [ sexual ] abuse and the position will remain unclear. 9 . 
An organisation 's objectives , particularly the relative priorities of different goals , may not be clearly conveyed to or understood by individuals . 
During adolescence , the teenager may develop special meanings for certain words known only to the peer group and not understood by adults . 
There must always be the fear that , however good a writer may be involved , the depiction of mental handicap will be unrealistic because the writer will have no real understanding about the subject . 
We may put aside this idea of Baynes 's that Garcia 's servants were concerned in the matter .
I may add that Miss Burnet 's age and character make it certain that my first idea that there might be a love interest in our story is out of the question .
The couple , of Sun Street , Stockton , were given unconditional bail and the case was adjourned until May 18 .
It allows the parties flexibility in that they may impose new conditions , but provides the third party with the safeguard that any new conditions must comply with the original treaty .
States which retain the death penalty may find it difficult to make effective their extradition treaties with parties to the European Convention or other human rights treaties with similar prohibitions of inhuman or degrading treatment .
But it is Michael Jackson 's deal which may set precedents the music business will later regret .
The Chinese may not be the force they were , but they still beat England easily in the last match at Bletchley Sports Centre this week -- good match it was too .
He has not won it since he demolished John Parrott in 1989 -- and he has shown a total commitment and desire to lift the trophy at the Crucible Theatre in Sheffield on May 4 .
Potential candidates may be discouraged from running less by the congressional salary than by the prospect of defeat at the hands of a Democratic opponent .
Hard-pressed Warburg may become part of a single federal research Institute to increase its bargaining power
The observed antitumor activity of this sE dietary supplementation was an unexpected experimental result as sE was not previously reported to have antitumor activity although vitamin E may give modest protection against the risk of breast cancer [ 5 ] . Based on the observed antitumor activity of high dose sE in the diet , it became important to investigate if the sE supplement , when fed at such a high dose , was associated with the modification of the fatty acid composition of mitochondrial and microsomal membranes and if the sE was acting as an antioxidant or possibly a prooxidant in tumor and in host tissues .
Yeah he , he was n't quite fond of school and he dropped out in May of his senior year , so although he later in life became successful and owned his own company , he just did n't , and I guess , and neither did his parents think school was that important so his , his stories they always told us did n't involve growing up and going to school and doing well and behaving they were always mischievous .
In May 1998 , the London Daily Telegraph reported that `` Iran has concluded a secret deal with China to purchase banned chemicals that will enable it to become self-sufficient in producing large stockpiles of advanced nerve gas . ''
I pledge by God 's creed to become a Muslim soldier to support God 's religion , and may God 's word be the most supreme .
Cheung Chau becomes the center of Hong Kong life once a year , usually in May , during the Bun Festival , a folklore extravaganza ( see page 89 ) .
Trade Union Administrative Offices may join Compacts as employers .
However , if interest attaches to all eigenvalues , and in particular if there is less concern with the associated vectors , other methods may be used .
The lifting of a kettle lid by the steam from boiling water may have led Watt to the discovery of steam power . 
Luis Vaz de Camoes ( 1524 - 1580 ) , the Portuguese national poet whose work immortalized that country 's golden age of discoveries , may have stayed in Macau .
Possibly it is not too much of an exaggeration to say that the more flexibility your employer retains in framing your job duties , the harder he may find it to argue that you are redundant . 
In the next few decades , unless Japan somehow manages to arrest current trends , it may find that its share of global economic output has shrunk considerably .
At the outset we may note the following about the practice and theology of the early church . 
On 12 May 2003 , North Korea declared that the `` Joint Declaration of the Denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula '' of 20 January 1992 was no longer valid because of `` violations by the United States '' [ Note : the U.S was not a signatory ] . 
Still , the U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency ( DIA ) estimated in May 1979 that North Korea had only a defensive capability in CW , while noting that its development of offensive chemical weapons would have been the next logical step .
You may notice that food tastes different when you are pregnant . 
These symptoms may be difficult to recognize in a patient after anaesthesia . 
`` Says Mr. Baldwin , `` We recognize that we may no longer have as high a priority in church life and experience .
But we may well have seen them without registering that fact ; perhaps a film is set in a particular location and we are so involved in the plot that the background scenery enters only our subconscious mind . 
A child may ` disclose " abuse ; a paediatrician may spot signs that indicate it ; abnormal behaviour may alert a social worker , teacher , GP or health visitor to the possibility . 
` Because he is grey he may not be easy to spot and will probably look like a pigeon from a distance . 
We may perhaps discern four separate factors . 
Subordination of another kind may be discerned in the works of Thomas Aquinas . 
Bodie came on the radio , confirming that Mayli Koulo had located Lin Foh 's whereabouts . 
Trumpet fish may even locate their prey by listening out for fish 's calls . 
CANCER may soon be detected in its earliest stages -- even before cells begin to appear abnormal .
We may also detect a crisis of national consciousness in the old nations , and for similar reasons .
I detect a definite note of cynicism in Amanda 's prose regarding her homeland , and personally she may have good reason to feel bitter .
Compared to plutonium - production facilities , the type of HEU production facilities that the DPRK may be developing would be difficult to detect , and therefore , it is difficult to accurately assess the program 's stage of development .
North Korea has not conducted a nuclear test , but in early May 2005 , press reports indicated that U.S. satellite imagery had detected signs that North Korea could be preparing for a nuclear test to be conducted in June .
If you encounter difficulties in this respect , do not hesitate to seek the advice of an animal behaviourist , since individual cases may benefit immensely from specific advice .
The kind of things that they make may reflect ideas that they encounter in stories , rhymes or visits .
For example , a chimp may learn an association between poking a stick into termite mounds and extracting a stick covered with edible termites .
This may , say Buzzell and Chussil , be because businesses are using portfolio analysis too simplistically and not perceiving the remaining potential of ` cash cows " and ` dogs " .
It 's easy to tell that they are not : Printed patterns do n't penetrate fully to the other side , while the real batik will show thin veins of color where the dye runs along tiny cracks in the wax ( printed versions may try to simulate this ) .
Stirling and Mayne then separated from the others .
The infradental papillae are block-like usually contiguous lying above the broad rectangular teeth , but in smaller specimens these papillae may lie on the same level as the first tooth and be separated by it .
A simple economic theory may provide at least a partial explanation for the split personality displayed by Americans in the voting booth .
“ May , shut up . ” 
The producers of films should be aiming to bring pleasure and entertainment , not pandering to the lowest savage instinct , however profitable that may be . 
The Lady 's Not For Burning by Christopher Fry was to be directed by John Gielgud at the Globe in May 1949 and Richard auditioned for the ` orphaned clerk " . 
Debut screenwriter Adam Brooks may one day direct for British producers Enigma , while Gary Oldman waits patiently to play cleverly-worded ` hero " John Self . 
Scottish Television produced two special programmes to mark the Council 's 60th anniversary which were broadcast in May . 
They were most active during the month of May , when they would return to torment the living .
It `` may well be '' that theft of business data is `` as serious a strategic threat to national security '' as it is a threat to the survival of victimized U.S. firms , said Michelle Van Cleave , the White House 's assistant director for National Security Affairs .
Since the cancers may take several decades to appear , some of those children may still be at risk .
If tamoxifen exerts antioestrogenic effects on bone women receiving long term treatment may be at greater risk of osteoporotic fracture .
Yet those people , the fellow countrymen of Jan Mayen 's crew , would put their lives at risk to give help and shelter to British airmen .
And yet she may at the present moment be in danger of her life .
If the baby is still attached by the cord to the mother then she may take it . 
` If you only snore on your back , " he advises , ` then a tennis ball sewn into your pyjamas may do the trick . " 
However , the oil helps pollen adhesion on other insects and this may be important in ` buzz " flowers as well .
Jan Vince 's five girls and a boy were born by caesarean section to mum Jean within six minutes at St James 's Hospital in Leeds on May 19 . 
Having a parched nose and throat may lower resistance to colds , croup , sinusitis and respiratory problems . 
Brazilian Brigadier General Hugo Piva may be working in Iran , and US reports say Iran may receive nuclear weapons technology from Brazil ( PPNN ) .
Westinghouse Anniston , its subcontractors and the Anniston Chemical Agent Disposal Facility have more than 8.7 million safe work hours , 2,214 safe work days and a recordable injury rate of 0.49 per 200,000 hours worked as of the end of May .
Westinghouse Anniston , its subcontractors and the Anniston Chemical Agent Disposal Facility have more than 8.7 million safe work hours , 2,214 safe work days and a recordable injury rate of 0.49 per 200,000 hours worked as of the end of May .
6- The call to adhere to Islam in general , and spreading the concept of Jihad specifically , starts with relatives and friends. ( T.C : Koranic verse ) You may not be able to do this , if your work demands extreme secrecy , like Naeem IBn Mas'uud ( May God bless him ) .
We may also find that more and more top management jobs in big companies are filled by hiring people away from smaller companies . 
Volunteers are now engaged who may work full-time in the bureau in the hope that the experience , training and discipline will lead to a paid job in the future , either inside or outside the CAB . 
Conversely , pursuing a mundane , poorly paid job or no job at all may provoke a sense of alienation from society . 
They face the prospect of having to accept unskilled jobs at lower wages or of retraining , in either event , they may have to move to another part of the country . 
The U.S. economy may be on the verge of falling back into recession after more than a year of half-hearted recovery that failed to generate either jobs or hope , according to economists .
The U.S. economy may be on the verge of falling back into recession after more than a year of half-hearted recovery that failed to generate either jobs or hope , according to economists .
The U.S. economy may be on the verge of falling back into recession after more than a year of half-hearted recovery that failed to generate either jobs or hope , according to economists .
Therefore , after the stint on Broadway , Dustin married the woman whom he called ` my shiksa goddess " on 8 May 1969 at Temple Beth El Reform synagogue at Chappaqua , New York . 
Nevertheless , anomalous reaches that are not related to artificial controls , tributary influences , lithologic change , or paleotectonics may reasonably be assumed to be the result of active tectonics until proved otherwise .
But for just under twenty quid you effectively get hold of the complete BR timetable ( for the whole of Great Britain ) , effective until 16th May 1993 .
D'Arcy himself never went to Persia , but on 28 May 1901 his representative obtained a concession valid for sixty years .
On 12 May 2003 , North Korea declared that the `` Joint Declaration of the Denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula '' of 20 January 1992 was no longer valid because of `` violations by the United States '' [ Note : the U.S was not a signatory ] . 
On 12 May 2003 , North Korea announced that the bilateral `` Joint Declaration on the Denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula '' signed with South Korea on 20 January 1992 was no longer valid because of `` U.S. actions '' [ Note : the U.S. was not a signatory ] .
The law of nullity covers not only cases where the purported marriage was void , but also those where the marriage , though initially valid , is voidable , and thus may be set aside .
Even if introns from different species are located at identical sites within genes , there may or may not be an intronic ORF present .
Chek Lap Kok airport sits on reclaimed land just off Lantau ; plans to build a bridge may change Lantau , but at present it is sparsely populated and makes a perfect getaway .
Note that because of the duty-free situation , good bargains may be found in European china , including Spode and Wedgwood .
The authors have provided a brief introduction which is easy to follow , a list of suggested readings , and the names and addresses of the several institutions and societies in Britain where readers may indulge a more intensive interest in dialect study .
Under the GDR its name was changed to Marx-Engels-Platz , and it became a focus of Communist May Day military parades and rallies .
We may not know how to read or write the letters and symbols in Japanese , Chinese , Arabian , or other languages , but we do not have to when we refer to living things , because the generic name and specific name , in Latin , are the same all over the world .
I went to high school -- a small school with only a minority of Italians -- with a girl named Pochintesta ( poco little , in in , testa head ) , another named Zucchi ( a plural form of zucca squash , or , colloquially , head ; Hanks and Hodges say this name was often given to a person of scarce intelligence , as in pumpkinhead ) , one boy named Chiappa ( buttock ) , and another named Chiappinelli ( which may be either an extended diminutive of Chiappa or the diminutive of chiappino , which Battaglia defines as a type of ape ) .
That 's her maiden name , she may have got married and changed that name of course , she was a teacher , lived in the Leicester area . 
` I may call you by your pen name , yes ? " he added . 
His last name may not be known , but there is a place in Kylie history for the ten year old who managed to sweep her off her feet . 
The premise for the development of Ruby -- which was launched in the US last month under the brand name Stellar ( the name may not be used outside America ) -- was simple enough . 
Similarly , a product which is marketed under a prestigious brand name may enjoy a much longer market life than basically similar products which lack a strong brand image . 
More substantial modifications may be necessary to the system for a particular task .
I worry that the necessary measures may radicalise the working class which is , of course , the sector most prone to unemployment .
This may be necessary when , for instance , the DC has been activated through the wrong package .
Yet although small terrorist cells may be more motivated to use CBW and harder for counterterrorism authorities to interdict , they may lack the technical and financial resources needed to produce and deliver CBW agents .
The Mac may be indispensable for the process of design work , but there is a dangerous temptation to think that desktop publishing makes designing on screen a piece of cake .
Terrorists may seek to obtain greater status or bargaining power by demonstrating that they have the technological capabilities required to develop , produce , and deliver CBW agents .
During the 1990s , the unavailability of precursors required to manufacture some nerve agents may very well have challenged the DPRK logistical supply network .
At present an obligated market maker may be encouraged by fee rebates . 
Maffia 's one-time hatred for his former boss was so strong that Assistant U.S. Attorney Paul Gadephe felt obligated to ask him what he told King in a May 1992 telephone conversation .
Keyman insurance , for example , can often take longer than may be expected to organise , particularly in view of the now obligatory AIDS test .
The older generation can ask the most awkward questions whilst giving less offence than younger members , who may feel it incumbent upon themselves to appear more reticent in giving advice .
Dunlap may be able to help companies put their short-term financial houses in order , the argument went , but he ca n't actually turn a company into a viable long-term enterprise -- which may explain why he always seems to focus on selling a company after it 's been cleaned up .
Kincaid 's eccentric combination of suspicious narrative analysis and self - help , can - do enthusiasm may be just the Dale Carnegie twist these old ideas need .
More relevant measurements for these factors include the proportional change in the number of publications and the total number of publications when corrected for investment in research and development ( May 1997 ) .
Teething with green , foul diarrhoea smelling of rotten eggs and there may be colicky pain and bloating . 
The skin may feel cold to the touch and is sometimes damp with perspiration . 
Provided the ground is moist so that adequate dew condensation forms the damage from a frost of up to -5° may be effectively prevented . 
You may want to wipe around the eyes with moist cotton wool on occasions as part of the regular grooming process , and also inspect the ears . 
If the air becomes too humid , fungus may germinate in their stores of dried vegetable food and ruin the crop . 
In the May heatwave my feet were considerably cooler and less sweaty than they would have been in leather boots . 
Well it may have been a grunt of irritation that his lovely hire-car was steaming up with two sweaty , stinking hill-walkers who had forced their way in uninvited , but I prefer to think disbelief . 
Just as CD-A provides a means of collecting sound recordings of incomparable and permanent quality , videodisc may be seen as a means of acquiring a similarly high quality collection of movies and television programmes . 
It is unlikely that any of the Sussex woodlands remain in a natural state , although some areas may have a continuously wooded history . 
In the future , large amounts of methane currently trapped in the frozen tundras of the northern hemisphere may be released as soil temperatures rise in response to global warming ( Boyle and Ardill , 1989 ) . 
Even in chalk grassland in Great Britain , non-equilibrium models may best explain the coexistence of plant species and , in lowland rain forest , there is still disagreement about the importance of chance establishment of trees . 
The sudden release of many young into the savannah at the same time may perhaps swamp the waiting predators and thus constitute in itself a survival strategy . 
Nevertheless , tropical rain forest may be flammable at the edges , so that savanna may spread . 
It may also be useful in case the patient becomes unexpectedly tired , and needs to sit down for a moment . 
( This may provoke wry smiles amongst anyone familiar with The Sunday People 's weekly diet of sex-op housewives and randy vicars . ) 
You may not be thirsty , but your body needs to rehydrate as soon as possible . 
On the other hand , a thirsty chimpanzee in a Tanzanian forest may find some water in a tree hole , but be unable to reach it with its mouth . 
Competition for a female or other sex object may not produce the same hierarchy as that for food , simply because a sexually aroused animal , say , is not necessarily a hungry one . 
That does n't mean that men are ten times as easily sexually aroused , but it may contain clues as to why women and men have different patterns of arousal . 
The taste of food may be aversive and they may feel nauseous every time they eat , for example those with renal failure and a variety of metabolic problems or allergic reactions may experience this . 
It is not a good idea to sit in front of a warm fire and relax while having a quiet read as this may cause drowsiness . 
It may be linked to recurrent tonsillitis and the broken nights can cause sleepiness during the day , aggressive behaviour and difficulty with homework . 
First-time heroin users may be sick . 
When food is plentiful , some 25 per cent of the population may become obese . 
The young obese individual who loses weight to normal or near-normal value may have a substantial improvement in life quality and expectancy , and reduction in risk in practically all of the above . 
Obese individuals , because of their less prudent eating habits , and /or differences in metabolism , may be at risk for mild deficiencies in these nutrients . 
Metabolism may speed up sharply , so that obese volunteers would be swiftly ` burnt down " to normal weight . 
It might also suggest that if fat people have psychological problems , these may well be a result of the obesity , or at most a contributory factor . 
The stigma attached to fat means that we are low-status as lovers , thus people who are attracted to fat women may repress their desire because they risk ridicule and pity if they choose such a low-status lover . 
The plump man who , unfortunately , did n't have an up-to-date snapshot to send her , may just turn out to be that elusive Mr Right . 
If the virus from genital warts is examined with the electron microscope it is not morphologically distinguishable from that causing skin warts , but there may be some minor antigenic differences between the two types . 
The shop assistant may glimpse the bulges that we conceal so cleverly , and the beauty parlour attendant get a close-up of nasty blackheads and facial hair . 
The Caesarean Support Network maintains that modern bikini-line scars may part or blister during a vaginal birth with oxytocin but , in a truly natural labour , complete rupture is almost unknown . 
In addition , deep lacerations may result in disfiguring scars . 
Stitches may be necessary to close a gaping cut , and if this is not done a permanent scar may result . 
There may be small scars at the corners of the mouth known as ` rhagades " and there are sometimes deformed nails due to damage of the nail-bed . 
A few individuals may experience a body and arm rash when taking this herb , particularly if other chemical drugs have also been prescribed . 
In both children and adults there may be a rash of tiny red-purple spots or bruises caused by bleeding under the skin . 
Sun rashes can appear hours after exposure but may take days or even weeks to disappear . 
Its complicated chemical structure includes bergaptens , which may cause an allergic rash on the hands of those using it , and other substances which strictly prohibit its intake by pregnant women . 
It may also appear on other parts of the body in the form of an itchy rash known as ringworm . 
While Paddy Mayne and his men were busily raiding , Stirling had finally succumbed to his desert sores and had been hospitalized in Cairo . 
The primary sore may still be present in about one third of cases of secondary syphilis . 
An old person who is bedbound may get pressure sores or ulcers in a very short time and these can take a long time to heal ( see page 78 ) . 
You may bend the lower arm a little if you wish . 
Yet another sufferer in the same epidemic may have a very sore body and feel as if all his or her bones have been broken . 
This may have a placebo effect [ 47 ] . In addition , its effectiveness may be explained by the observation that cool air moving across the patient 's face ( eg , from compressed air by nasal prongs , or from a fan ) may provide equal relief due to the stimulation of the V2 branch of the fifth cranial nerve [ 48 ] .
A home page may be a group 's face to the world , but opening it still feels like getting to eavesdrop on a conversation .
Potential candidates may be discouraged from running less by the congressional salary than by the prospect of defeat at the hands of a Democratic opponent .
` A lady of light weight may ride to the top of Skiddaw without alighting , and descend it to the town in safety , if in the steepest parts someone manages her horses head . 
His hemiplegic hip may be supported on a folded towel for the same reason , and he needs sheepskin muffs to protect his heels from pressure sores . 
It rarely speaks , though if frightened it may bleat like a goat. some occasionally have goats ' shanks and hooves as well . 
She may be identified by the fact she has hairy haunches and cloven hooves , like a goat , concealed under her gown . 
And as rats are so abundant ( as many as 5000 may live in a pair 's range ) many will escape the talons of the nocturnal predators . 
However gratifying this may have been for Stirling , one distinct step was taken to clip his wings and stop his independent lobby of senior officers . 
Young may be carried on the snout of the mother if they are in distress ( or stillborn ) , a behaviour that is also sometimes extended to humans in distress . 
Ev'n Farmer 's Hog may fill his hungry maw , 
Fees have beautiful faces with hypnotic eyes , though they may be identified by a physical flaw , such as a snake 's tail or bird 's feet . 
The eye of the affected side may water with tears . 
This may in turn have caused the forelegs of prosauropods ( the Triassic forerunners of sauropods ) to become more massive , stimulated as they were by the repeated dropping onto all fours when moving slowly . 
In 1944 we may have had shattered limbs and horrendous wounds but we were young and until we were wounded had been fit . 
Fig.15 During an Alexander Lesson , you may be asked to lie on a table while the teacher moves your limbs . 
If cornered , they may thrust out their limbs in a fully stretched posture , flatten their bodies and then hold this rigid , spread-eagled pose until danger has passed . 
Although you have a good-sized tank , many other fish may be inclined to nip the fins of a Batfish , so tankmates will have to be chosen with care . 
During swimming the young may press its flipper against her side and thus be helped to move with her . 
The programme is thought to be less successful in Zimbabwe , since the denser vegetation means that poachers may not be able to see that the animal has no horn until they have already shot it . 
Some of the larger whales , measuring over 100 feet in length , may be quite unable to perceive their own tail flukes visually . 
Always make sure that sheets or cushion covers are not wrinkled , as this can cause great discomfort and may break the skin . 
Hackneyed it may sound , but sensible sunning with adequate protection is the only way to achieve a much desired tan with minimum risk to your skin . 
Sebaceous glands slow down now and your skin may feel very dry and taut so avoid harsh toners . 
` Things will improve from May 25th " he repeated to himself silently , but moving his lips a little , which the girl noticed . 
Because of the fissure of the tongue , the speech of a Down 's person may be impaired , and many are short-sighted . 
Cuts are not common in karate competition though , on occasions , a cut eyelid may be caused by the opponent 's long toenails . 
He may be taught to hold it with the crook of the handle turned away from him , and his thumb over the top of the handle , so that he does not grip the stick too hard . 
For example , if one of a group of grazing horses spots what may be a predator , he will raise his head , neck and tail and flare his nostrils . 
For all their adult lives they are solitary polyps , glued to the rock , their tentacles waving in the water ready to trap prey that may touch them . 
The abdomen is concerned with reproduction and may carry genital appendages ; it is also the seat of many metabolic processes . 
Saker always has paler crown and is less slender and rakish , but may otherwise be hard to distinguish . 
Each party receives and sacrifices something of value in buying and selling debt securities that may be retired prior to maturity .
-- Debt securities may be retired prior to maturity if they have a call feature or if they are eligible for redemption by the holder on demand .
Interest is classified as exchange revenue notwithstanding the fact that the entity may not be charged a cost of capital for the assets that yield these inflows ; or , if the entity borrowed from Treasury to acquire the assets , it may have been charged a below-market interest rate .
This may include anticholinergic drugs to dry up secretions and prevent inhalation of saliva . 
The crown claimed that Manning had ferried Mr McVeigh 's IRA killers to and from the scene of the killing at his Boucher Road warehouse on May 22 , 1991 . 
On 5 May 1951 passenger services were withdrawn from Barnton although coal was still conveyed to Davidsons Mains .
Although a GOP president may limit local benefits to the voter 's particular district/state , such a president is also likely to be more effective at preventing other districts/states and their legislators from bringing home the local benefits .
Today , computers are small , portable and cheap , and may be programmed by schoolchildren with an ease and assurance that terrifies their parents .
You may have to give accurate instructions about how to assemble do-it-yourself furniture . 
Police also find a second house where authorities believe two others may have assembled the bomb , possibly doing some welding . 
Chek Lap Kok airport sits on reclaimed land just off Lantau ; plans to build a bridge may change Lantau , but at present it is sparsely populated and makes a perfect getaway .
Police also find a second house where authorities believe two others may have assembled the bomb , possibly doing some welding . 
Part of Rawdon Avenue , York , will be closed from next Monday until May 10 to allow contractors to construct a new link main in Melrosegate . 
He may have constructed his Cabinet a little amiss , but he had constructed his power-base superbly . 
This may be to facilitate assembly . 
Priscus was a native of the region around Chartres in Gaul and both may have been employed in the construction of the great bath and temple complex . 
In the light of these new data , we can assume this to be correct ; we may also assume that the extant Hotteterre flutes were made in Martin 's workshop .
Washington wags suggest the Clintons may add a sound-proofed music room where Bill can relax with his saxophone . 
An antechamber may be built on to the main egg-chamber . 
Neighbours in Emlyn Road , Mayhill , Swansea , persuaded her to jump into their arms after she ran to a front bedroom and screamed for help . 
Superintendent Hayes sealed the bedroom , leaving PC May at the house until Norris had arranged for the body to go to the mortuary . 
I can not forget the visits I paid to Norwich and sat quietly in the reconstructed cell of Julian the hermitess of Norwich , meditating on the Sixteen Shewings of Divine Love which she received in May 1373 . 
To his influence and actions may be attributed a significant reduction in the population living in cellars and other ` unhealthy dwellings " and a general improvement in environmental hygiene . 
You were right to point out that from now until polling day , whenever it may be , will be somewhat tortuous not just for the watching public but for Members who sit in this Chamber . 
On a clear spring day in May 1936 he visited Little Gidding , once the home of Nicholas Ferrar , and entered the small chapel there . 
You may find yourself falling when you enter this den of iniquity , and one once in a while wo n't kill you . 
" I think that the strange creature in the kitchen may account for it .
He may have found him sleeping in the porch . 
Pupils may eat and drink in the Refectory , or in the classrooms by arrangement with members of staff . 
Last night his father Ian Gibson , of Moffat Close , Darlington , said his son may soon be moved into one of the non-critical wards . 
A proposed museum of modern art may move into an empty wing of the building if a consortium of local bankers are able to raise the necessary finance . 
Police also find a second house where authorities believe two others may have assembled the bomb , possibly doing some welding . 
It seems that the picturesque older sections with their old houses , narrow streets , and winding alleyways may not be around much longer .
I think that I have seen all that I wish in this house , and that my time may be more profitably employed elsewhere .
It was suggested , but never proved , that the deceased gentleman may have had valuables in the house , and that their abstraction was the motive of the crime .
`` Says Mr. Baldwin , `` We recognize that we may no longer have as high a priority in church life and experience .
She will begin in a single room , where both her health and aptitude for prison life will be assessed , but may then be moved to a dormitory . 
Individually-Designed Homes : Self-build knocked to the floor by recession Richard Bridges finds there may be little profit in constructing your own home 
If you intend to live in a staff hostel you may be able to call upon a member of the hospital security staff . 
It may seem trite to observe that Eskimos are not , at heart , British public schoolboys who choose , for greater comfort , to live in igloos and wear fur clothes . 
Similes may be dangerous , but it can be suggested that the man who produces a well-made brick makes a better contribution to housing than does the man who builds a large mansion on insecure foundations . 
ROBERT Maxwell 's widow may be allowed to live in the family mansion at Oxford until the turn of the century , it was revealed yesterday . 
There may have been so much conflict indoors that you had to construct your shelter elsewhere . 
Even small floating pieces should be collected as these may contain caterpillars in the process of constructing their shelters . 
Kim Il Sung may have feared rumblings of discontent at the money spent on building the sports arenas and on entertaining delegates to the Festival . 
Until you have time and money to build a barn , a rick-yard may be the only alternative . 
Now , with filming still going on , he is living in a converted barn just 10 miles from Mayle 's own home . 
In addition , the curved lines of the dome shape offers little wind resistance and may be worth considering if you are planning to erect a greenhouse on a windy site . 
Alternatively , where the chapel is too large , the congregation may move into the church hall , freeing the chapel for a different use . 
However , on sunny Saturdays and Sundays you may have to brave a crowd lining up at the lower terminal .
Chek Lap Kok airport sits on reclaimed land just off Lantau ; plans to build a bridge may change Lantau , but at present it is sparsely populated and makes a perfect getaway .
Barristers may not be sued for negligence if they botch a case in court ; nor as a general rule is their incompetence a ground of appeal against conviction . 
It `` may well be '' that theft of business data is `` as serious a strategic threat to national security '' as it is a threat to the survival of victimized U.S. firms , said Michelle Van Cleave , the White House 's assistant director for National Security Affairs .
Visitors are welcome to visit the 24 - hectare ( 60 - acre ) establishment , and may sample the end product , Lantau tea .
Firstly , fundholding practices may find their obligation to buy community care services a disincentive from pressing for early discharge . 
Even within a GP practice , it is likely that doctors will wish to use different hospitals and consultants , but may now be constrained from doing so . 
However , the other aspect is that if you go to a medical practice you may have four or five doctors to help you out . 
Thanks to Mr Clinton 's proposed defence cuts , California 's aerospace firms and military bases may be shedding jobs until 1998 . 
In 1995 , it became evident that Iran may be pursuing nuclear weapons through another track : by procuring dual - use items from Western firms .
It is reported that a German subsidiary of a US firm may have sold laser enrichment equipment to Iran .
It `` may well be '' that theft of business data is `` as serious a strategic threat to national security '' as it is a threat to the survival of victimized U.S. firms , said Michelle Van Cleave , the White House 's assistant director for National Security Affairs .
Even though electronic espionage may cost U.S. firms billions of dollars a year , most are n't yet taking precautions , the experts said .
It also argues that long-term environmental and economic sustainability may not be possible unless the government takes responsibility for detailed assessments of the flora and fauna of native forests , and for the effective monitoring of logging operations . 
Canadian companies exported $33.7 billion worth of goods , up 2.7% from January 's revised level , the largest monthly rate of growth since May 2000 .
Westinghouse Anniston , its subcontractors and the Anniston Chemical Agent Disposal Facility have more than 8.7 million safe work hours , 2,214 safe work days and a recordable injury rate of 0.49 per 200,000 hours worked as of the end of May .
1- The married have a vacation by rotation for a week every three weeks , and in certain cases AL-QAEDA may deny this vacation for four months .
Actually I think I may come down this weekend , just to escape . 
However , on sunny Saturdays and Sundays you may have to brave a crowd lining up at the lower terminal .
On 29 April and 1 May the setting sun 's rays were scarcely differently placed , but an ancient tradition attached to the eve of May Day . 
I have completed the invoices for April, May and June and we owe Pasadena each month for a total of $3,615,910.62 .
Even though electronic espionage may cost U.S. firms billions of dollars a year , most are n't yet taking precautions , the experts said .
Cheung Chau becomes the center of Hong Kong life once a year , usually in May , during the Bun Festival , a folklore extravaganza ( see page 89 ) .
The next decade may well see the introduction of more designer polymers and composites , such as adhesive liquid crystalline systems and biocompatible monomers with reduced polymerisation shrinkage . 
In the next few decades , unless Japan somehow manages to arrest current trends , it may find that its share of global economic output has shrunk considerably .
Westinghouse Anniston , its subcontractors and the Anniston Chemical Agent Disposal Facility have more than 8.7 million safe work hours , 2,214 safe work days and a recordable injury rate of 0.49 per 200,000 hours worked as of the end of May .
I have completed the invoices for April, May and June and we owe Pasadena each month for a total of $3,615,910.62 .
I am waiting to hear back from Patti on May and June to make sure they are okay with her .
Canadian companies exported $33.7 billion worth of goods , up 2.7% from January 's revised level , the largest monthly rate of growth since May 2000 .
Cheung Chau becomes the center of Hong Kong life once a year , usually in May , during the Bun Festival , a folklore extravaganza ( see page 89 ) .
The total number of publications , however , is not necessarily the best measure for assessing scientific productivity or technical advances ( May 1997 ) .
More relevant measurements for these factors include the proportional change in the number of publications and the total number of publications when corrected for investment in research and development ( May 1997 ) .
I have completed the invoices for April, May and June and we owe Pasadena each month for a total of $3,615,910.62 .
I am waiting to hear back from Patti on May and June to make sure they are okay with her .
China ratified the Chemical Weapons Convention ( CWC ) in December 1996 , declaring two former chemical weapons ( CW ) production facilities that may have produced mustard gas and Lewisite .
However , on sunny Saturdays and Sundays you may have to brave a crowd lining up at the lower terminal .
May hope next Morn to see the chearful Sun : 
Westinghouse Anniston , its subcontractors and the Anniston Chemical Agent Disposal Facility have more than 8.7 million safe work hours , 2,214 safe work days and a recordable injury rate of 0.49 per 200,000 hours worked as of the end of May .
The UK may have longer to wait than other countries , since a flush of lamb marketings is likely this autumn to beat the ending of the variable premium . 
The WISE Bus Programme began in the Autumn of 1984 and such was the success of the original vehicle that an additional coach ( sponsored by British Gas ) was commissioned in May 1986 . 
Luis Vaz de Camoes ( 1524 - 1580 ) , the Portuguese national poet whose work immortalized that country 's golden age of discoveries , may have stayed in Macau .
" I want to put you in touch with the situation , as I may need your help to-night .
I may be able to institute discreet enquiries . 
Always be honest about your intentions or you may regret it later . 
Where the tutorial focuses on current productions , I have found that students will work hard on their performances and be open about their work and any problems they may be having with the characters they are playing . 
Sir , -- May I offer my sincere thanks to the many voters who so successfully supported the candidacy of Gerald Malone in Alton , Holybourne , Chawton and Beech . 
` Papa says you may be a murderer , " was her ingenuous opening gambit . 
If he follows the correct path , he may be able to look back on this election as the high-water mark of far-left opposition .
6- The call to adhere to Islam in general , and spreading the concept of Jihad specifically , starts with relatives and friends. ( T.C : Koranic verse ) You may not be able to do this , if your work demands extreme secrecy , like Naeem IBn Mas'uud ( May God bless him ) .
Whatever you buy , you may be able to work out a discount .
You may not be able to rescue that particular animal .
US officials report that Iran can produce several hundred tons of chemical agent annually and that it may have already produced as much as 2,000 tons of agent , including mustard , cyanide , and possibly sarin nerve agent , at plants near Qazvin , Parchin , and Esfahan .
According to U.S. government estimates , Iran can produce 1,000 metric tons of agent per year and may have a stockpile of at least several thousand metric tons of weaponized and bulk agent .
While countries may seek to develop all of these capabilities on an independent , indigenous basis , they can and often do seek some inputs from foreign sources .
With a large dog , like a Rottweiler , it may be beyond the capability of the new owner to dominate the newly acquired adult dog .
The alternative is that the dog , like the children , has the capability of becoming aware of the misery of its present existence , although it may never in fact do so .
May have small quantities of agent available ; seeking larger capability .
While countries may seek to develop all of these capabilities on an independent , indigenous basis , they can and often do seek some inputs from foreign sources .
Terrorists may seek to obtain greater status or bargaining power by demonstrating that they have the technological capabilities required to develop , produce , and deliver CBW agents .
Still , the U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency ( DIA ) estimated in May 1979 that North Korea had only a defensive capability in CW , while noting that its development of offensive chemical weapons would have been the next logical step .
According to reuters , ` his comments are the strongest signal yet that the Netherlands may be ready to expand nuclear capacity " .
Furthermore , there is evidence that the expectations themselves may be changing , converging more with the capacity of the system to meet them .
Potential candidates may be discouraged from running less by the congressional salary than by the prospect of defeat at the hands of a Democratic opponent .
This phenomenon must be considered in calculations of sample size and power during design of future trials , and also may influence how clinical and regulatory bodies interpret trial results .
The United States imposed sanctions in May , citing Syria 's pursuit of WMD programs as one of the reasons for this step .
China ratified the Chemical Weapons Convention ( CWC ) in December 1996 , declaring two former chemical weapons ( CW ) production facilities that may have produced mustard gas and Lewisite .
1- The married have a vacation by rotation for a week every three weeks , and in certain cases AL-QAEDA may deny this vacation for four months .
Westinghouse Anniston , its subcontractors and the Anniston Chemical Agent Disposal Facility have more than 8.7 million safe work hours , 2,214 safe work days and a recordable injury rate of 0.49 per 200,000 hours worked as of the end of May .
Canadian companies exported $33.7 billion worth of goods , up 2.7% from January 's revised level , the largest monthly rate of growth since May 2000 .
In 1995 , it became evident that Iran may be pursuing nuclear weapons through another track : by procuring dual - use items from Western firms .
During his four days in Iraq , Hall said he wanted to investigate reports from relief agencies that a quarter of Iraqi children may be suffering from chronic malnutrition .
1- The married have a vacation by rotation for a week every three weeks , and in certain cases AL-QAEDA may deny this vacation for four months .
More relevant measurements for these factors include the proportional change in the number of publications and the total number of publications when corrected for investment in research and development ( May 1997 ) .
Thieves , war and other disasters may befall you . 
Alternatively , an illness may befall the injured party . 
For this reason alone , the introduction of Lates to Lake Victoria may soon be seen as one of the great biological disasters of the twentieth century . 
Similarly , he claims that a powerful test in China in May was to blame for various natural disasters in Central Asia and an earthquake in California . 
He and others fear that ` safety net " losses to be suffered by some areas will cost them key metropolitan councils in next May 's elections . 
During his four days in Iraq , Hall said he wanted to investigate reports from relief agencies that a quarter of Iraqi children may be suffering from chronic malnutrition .
It may be that few people in Japan have yet made this connection , or realise the sheer scale of the catastrophe in Africa . 
The following May brought more misfortune in the painful form of a stress-fractured foot . 
You may be right but some people seem to dramatize a commonplace misfortune and turn it into a cult . 
There is a catastrophic ` implosion " , which may be called the opposite of an explosion , followed by a shock-wave which literally blows the star apart in what is called a supernova outburst . 
For the purposes of this tutorial , however , the term `` terrorism '' will be used to describe acts that incorporate the following elements : Intentional or threatened violence directed against civilians or noncombatants ; Actors that are sub - national groups or individuals ( although they may receive financial or logistical support from governments ) ; Motivations that are chiefly political , ideological , or religious ( i.e. , not strictly criminal ) ; Often , some element of symbolism in the choice of target , together with the desire to elicit fear in a larger audience beyond the immediate victims of an attack .
For example , in his review of the functions of the inferotemporal cortex in rhesus monkeys , Dean concludes that this area may be involved in ` stimulus categorization " , rather than visual perception . 
O'Connell points out that even boundary treaties may contain other provisions for the performance of reciprocal rights and duties , a factor which prevents their easy categorisation as a dispositive or personal treaty with specific legal consequences . 
Of course some terms may be difficult to categorize as stop or non-stop . 
The advancing coasts may be due to emergence or to the development of constructional forms either organic or inorganic : they include , thus , shorelines which would have been classed by Johnson as emergent and as neutral . 
Many of the meats in this category may not immediately be labelled as sausages in your mind , but this is where they fit in the standard delicatessen classification . 
For sublanguage processing this may prove to be extremely useful if a large ( raw ) corpus is available , since the word classification will be specifically for that sublanguage type . 
Classification by audience age has proved an acceptable limitation to impose on a cinema audience , and may also warn of the type of experience on offer . 
Such information may not necessarily carry any security classification within the Service , but may simply reveal dispositions , working arrangements etc . 
Many of those classified as ` psychosomatic " may in fact have been sensitive to food . 
Some of those same cells may also be referred to when the device is presented with an instance which it has already classified correctly , so later learning can upset what was learned before . 
To classify all reckless killings as murder might be too broad , but the point remains that some reckless killings may be thought no less heinous than intentional killings . 
That is , it may be arbitrary whether one classifies lions as Panthera leo or Felis leo , but not whether one classifies all lions into one species or several . 
We acknowledge that stroke patients may be classified in the progressive or non-progressive disorder category . 
In the absence of another list of names in the first entrée , the harmonie rustique of the reçit and the hautbois of the first entrée may probably be construed as the same people . 
Life may be construed as a series of ever growing accomplishments as we move towards a multitude of personal goals . 
These clauses may be construed as ` no amendment or termination " clauses , for otherwise they have little substance ; all treaty provisions are binding unless terminated . 
This is not an absolute rule : for example , it may be easier to construe as an offer a price list or catalogue issued by a manufacturer rather than by a wholesaler or retailer . 
Apes may well have produced new two-sign combinations that their trainers have been inclined to interpret as appropriately invented for some feature in the context . 
Franco interpreted as threatening anything that escaped his personal control , and by May 1941 he had begun to feel that Serrano and his collaborators were doing just that . 
The stream sediment may not , therefore , reflect local bedrock composition but that of exotic glacial deposits , and care is needed in site selection and data interpretation . 
Employers ' and parents interpretations may diverge even more widely , particularly as the level of detail these groups are likely to be able or willing to handle will be broader than that used by teachers . 
Those concepts of the legal fiction and the ritual whose interpretation may change from age to age are essential to the understanding of Sweeney Agonistes in Eliot 's own development as an artist . 
This underlines the need for rigorous recording and interpretation by every member of an archaeological team on individual excavations , since ultimately the information may be used in a worldwide study . 
However , the simple interpretation that state service-provision varies proportionately with age may also be misleading . 
This price might initially appear uncompetitive , but may be justified in the market place by additions to the features associated with the product such that consumers perceive the product to be effectively differentiated from the alternatives available . 
These chain structures may be regarded as one-dimensional macromolecules . 
The debate is interesting , for it becomes evident that women who count themselves feminists may otherwise have a very different sense of reality .
Herge 's widow and Tintin aficionados do not deny the Tintin cartoons may have overtones about drinking , but they do not want Tintin pigeonholed as a boy with a drinking problem .
From the engineering point of view , however , all woods may be considered as bundles of parallel tubes , rather like bundles of drinking straws .
They may view extreme violence as divinely sanctioned and the fulfillment of God 's commandments .
The ferry timetable runs on a winter ( read curtailed ) service until the first week in May .
No real violence may be done , intentionally , to either party and as accidental injury may cause the definition of the situation to change quite radically , it must be avoided . 
This may cause some delay to processing orders in this period . 
Problems also occasionally arise when all does not go well , and this may cause deep and lasting distress . 
The lack of oxygen may cause occasional trouble with easily reduced substances and possibly give conditions where anaerobic corrosion could occur . 
Deep anxiety may cause obsessive behaviour , fanaticism or a strict adherence to religion for the wrong reasons . 
As well as a changed pattern of integrins in carcinomas , differences in their functional state may cause pathological cell matrix interactions . 
Radiation therapy may cause short term effects such as sickness and long term effects such as urinary and intestinal problems and fibrosis of soft tissue . 
El - Baradei is , however , weary of pursuing such a hard line against Iran , as he fears that exerting too much pressure may cause Iran to opt out of the NPT altogether .
There is an additional double bind for men in that they are very often the cause of the woman 's tears ; it may well be their behaviour that has caused the distress . 
I may add that Miss Burnet 's age and character make it certain that my first idea that there might be a love interest in our story is out of the question .
This may lead to problems in the future as a consequence .
This can lead to iatrogenic disease ( drug induced ) , a problem which may be far more wide-spread than is generally realised .
In the adult , infection may lead to a disease similar to glandular fever with enlargement of the liver and spleen , a rash , and , in more severe cases , pneumonia .
The psychology or ideology of a particular terrorist group or individual may lead to a fascination with poisons and disease .
Decades of educational research tell us unequivocally that even smaller classes have zero effect on the academic performance of the pupils -- though they may sometimes be desirable for other reasons .
While that incident may have precipitated the disease , eating disorder experts observe that the illness is seated in family life .
A number of factors may then precipitate a psychotic episode , including emotionally arousing events and a stressful environment .
Our culture may have rendered natural selection relatively irrelevant .
Each remarriage may bring attendant relatives to be cared for .
The lack of an appropriate exchange rate adjustment may well inhibit the ability of members of the CU to adjust to the changes induced by increased competition .
In this way normal healthy people may be tested without inducing any damage in their brain .
The organism induces decreased acid secretion , at least in the early phase of the disease but this may persist for weeks or even months .
Yet those people , the fellow countrymen of Jan Mayen 's crew , would put their lives at risk to give help and shelter to British airmen .
The series of nuclear tests in 1995 - 96 prior to China 's signature of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty ( CTBT ) may have resulted in a smaller and lighter warhead design for the new generation of intercontinental ballistic missiles ( ICBMs ) now under development .
Biologists at Fort Detrick 's newest biodefense center may be asked to make some of the world 's deadliest microbes even more dangerous than they already are .
Chek Lap Kok airport sits on reclaimed land just off Lantau ; plans to build a bridge may change Lantau , but at present it is sparsely populated and makes a perfect getaway .
We are used to the idea that quantum mechanics may modify our everyday intuitive notions about the meaning of words like " position " and " momentum " .
Until now virtually any fighter could be modified to drop bombs , but the YF-22 may never do so .
This position may be altered by agreement .
As in the vast majority of human biles the sn-1 fatty acid is palmitic acid and physiologic variations occur mainly in the sn-2 position , some of our data may reflect events in vivo .
On May 7 Brizan accused the previous administration of mismanagement of the country 's finances , increasing the island 's debt and budget deficit as spending had exceeded targets . 
Furthermore , if your level of aggression is increased by drugs , you may very well prove to be a danger to the opponent and lose anyway ! 
Your basic pension may be increased if you are supporting a dependent spouse or children . 
Stockton and Langbaurgh have warned that their free passes may have to go , while Middlesbrough says it could increase its £5 charge . 
Where firms use ` workshop " affiliates in developing countries , they may lower their total costs below those of stay-at-home rivals . 
Visits may strengthen bonds with a parent who is unlikely to resume care , and then constitute an obstacle to finding an appropriate placement .
Your powers , if I may say so without offence , seem superior to your opportunities . "
There is no associated enlargement of lymph nodes , but small nodules under the surface of the shin in the groin may give rise to a ` pseudo-bubo "  . 
The growth of tree roots and their penetration and enlargement of incipient rock fractures can contribute significantly to the break-up of rock which may have experienced relatively little weakening through chemical alteration . 
England 's eighteenth-century manufacturing growth may not have been in any full sense " export led " , but foreign trade did nevertheless have a significant and dynamic role . 
Moss growth on an external solid wall may suggest that the wall and its built-in joist-ends have been subjected to damp . 
The growth that has characterized Las Vegas for nearly a century may be facing a roadblock .
In order to fit everything in , the school day may be lengthened . 
Because the muscles are being lengthened , you may experience pain in them . 
It responds to some stimuli by dynamic modification or ` plasticity " ; and once induced , this neuroplasticity may sustain and magnify the experience of pain . 
This uncertainty is magnified when dealing with a disease like dementia where the onset may be highly insidious . 
A man who had superglue squirted in his face by muggers may have lost the sight of one eye . 
A young baby who is hit on the head deliberately may sustain no serious injury . 
At first it was thought the men may have been stabbed with a broken pool cue . 
A Palestinian who stabbed and wounded three Jews in Jerusalem on May 17 was quickly captured by the police . 
One may batter an unconscious , sleeping or unsuspecting victim . 
On May 17 three civilians were shot and injured by members of the Brigade . 
Steve White may be in from the start ; with Moncur and Ling both injured by teenager , Austin Berkley is standing by for his debut too . 
They may want to bash their children sometimes . 
Some of those detained may have been tortured .
The case once again emphasizes the city-state 's uncompromising laws , which were highlighted when Fay was flogged last May for vandalism despite pleas for clemency , including one by President Clinton .
Fay , now 19 , was flogged with a rattan cane four times in May for vandalizing cars in a spray-painting spree last winter .
“ They may have been poisoned . ”
Let me go , and if I run my head into a hornet 's nest you may disown me . " 
` Ah , no , Sir Richard may be pompous , Lady Isabella frosty , Dame Ermengilde may strike her cane on the floor in temper , but Vechey 's death can not be dismissed . 
Until recently no one seems to have considered that in addition to filtering lymph , the fluid may also be pushed along by the lymph nodes -- despite these structures being the most prominent features of the system . 
He may have to change his tune if a swing to the right-wing Republicans shoves his beloved Free Democrats below the 5 per cent mark and so out of the Bundestag in the next elections . 
If the nature of such a vibration can be established it may throw some light on the nature of the electronic band . 
Foreign objects innocently thrown to dolphins may cause their death , as happens with dolphins in captivity . 
For instance , broad policies for assisting new enterprise may simply result in some businesses being thrust up onto the crowded platform at the expense of others pushed off it . 
Frozen solid in winter , they warm quickly in spring sunshine and may reach temperatures of 15–16°C by high summer , but are the first to slow down and freeze in autumn . 
Artificial forests may cool temperatures , bring rain 
The ham is always easier to cut when it is well chilled and may be even easier to handle if it is lightly frozen . 
For certain businesses the purchaser may require the prior consent or approval of an industry regulator before it can commence the new business or amalgamate it into its existing business . 
It was a period of upheaval at OCU and in May 1960 ` A " and ` B " Squadrons amalgamated into a single squadron of two flights . 
FCC regulations may require the new Viacom to sell a few of its TV stations -- because there 's a rule saying one company ca n't own stations that serve more than 35 percent of the United States -- and to either spin off or fold in the still-struggling UPN .
FARMERS WEEKLY 's south-east barometer grower , Ashford-based Peter Maylam , has no winter barley , but was planning to desiccate oilseed rape this week . 
If this does not help , the doctor may be able to give an injection to dry up secretions and make the noise less upsetting .
This may include anticholinergic drugs to dry up secretions and prevent inhalation of saliva .
Cathartic medications fall into several classes [ 70 ] . For patients with advanced illness , poor mobility , and decreased oral intake , a stimulant laxative ( eg , prune juice , senna , casanthranol , or bisacodyl ) is appropriate front-line therapy [ 71 ] . Osmotic laxatives ( eg , magnesium salts , lactulose , sorbitol ) may be added .
Leaves may be submerged under a dropping of dung , soused in a downpour of urine , trodden on , pulled into the ground by earthworms ( further shades of Darwin ) or damaged by frost . 
( While it may moisturise mature skin , it 's just not gentle enough for baby . )
If Iran can adequately demonstrate peaceful intentions for its nuclear program and allows IAEA inspections , nuclear power reactor technology trade restraints may be lifted .
In prison she terrorized the turnkeys and fellow convicts until , on 4 May 1763 , she travelled with Turlis to the gallows . 
In addition to feeling threatened by Iraq 's growing nuclear program , these attacks may explain why the Khomeini government ultimately resumed its efforts to continue Iran 's nuclear power program and strengthen its existing nuclear research program -- and ultimately to develop nuclear weapons .
The United States alleges that Iran may have started to develop small quantities of agent , possibly including mycotoxins , ricin , and the smallpox virus .
The United States alleges that Iran may have started to develop small quantities of agent , possibly including mycotoxins , ricin , and the smallpox virus .
While countries may seek to develop all of these capabilities on an independent , indigenous basis , they can and often do seek some inputs from foreign sources .
Compared to plutonium - production facilities , the type of HEU production facilities that the DPRK may be developing would be difficult to detect , and therefore , it is difficult to accurately assess the program 's stage of development .
Terrorists may seek to obtain greater status or bargaining power by demonstrating that they have the technological capabilities required to develop , produce , and deliver CBW agents .
The extent to which authorities can achieve gains depends , of course , on their bargaining power , which in turn may be related to current ( and local ) economic conditions .
Thus , any demonstrated effects upon surpluses may be exacerbated or ameliorated as the industry progresses , and so welfare losses which occur over time may cancel out immediate gains or vice versa .
Videotape of her answers will be shown to the Arkansas Whitewater grand jury , which will disband May 7 . Pundits played up the tension between Starr and the first lady ( since she recently called him `` a politically motivated prosecutor who is allied with the right-wing opponents of my husband '' ) and debated whether he will indict her .
It may have been a mea culpa , but there was n't much culpa to show for it .
In turn this difference may affect the stability of the employment , and the likelihood that it will generate further growth in the region concerned . 
A magic bridle may be used to tame a kelpie temporarily , though this will engender great rage in the creature .
For the purposes of this tutorial , however , the term `` terrorism '' will be used to describe acts that incorporate the following elements : Intentional or threatened violence directed against civilians or noncombatants ; Actors that are sub - national groups or individuals ( although they may receive financial or logistical support from governments ) ; Motivations that are chiefly political , ideological , or religious ( i.e. , not strictly criminal ) ; Often , some element of symbolism in the choice of target , together with the desire to elicit fear in a larger audience beyond the immediate victims of an attack .
The program appeared to begin as a peaceful one , but whatever Kim 's original intentions , the Cuban Missile Crisis may have prompted initiation of a dedicated nuclear weapons program .
Occasionally , syncopal episodes decrease in frequency and may even disappear with increasing age .
They may however have achieved a realization of theoretical proposals : but we can not be certain about that until further research has been undertaken into the workings of the Household . 
The bullets may bounce off the sides of the slits or go plumb through the middle , so that we can not be certain of exactly where they will hit the second screen . 
Fat women may not feel confident about exposing their bodies in those ways traditionally associated with eroticism . 
In May 1977 , over 50% of Britons expressed confidence ` in the ability of the United States to deal wisely with world problems . " 
Fratter 's ( 1989 ) study indicates that provided practitioners are convinced about the importance of contact , adoptive families may not be too difficult to find . 
For some clients , understanding the origins of their fears and stress is easy , for others many sessions of assessment and detailed analysis may not result in any certainty as to the genesis of their problems . 
Sherfey ( 1970 ) points out that femininity may not be a transhistorical absolute ; but her certainty that it exists now endows it with contemporary universality . 
If our beliefs have never been challenged or put to the test we may doubt their validity now . 
Adam said unhappily : ` But I doubt Harry went there to kill , and his standing at law may not be all we could wish . 
The two are said to be doubtful about Sun 's ability to deliver the code on time and they suspect the company may not give their systems priority over its own . 
Many analysts now believe the talks are dead , and in early May 2005 there were reports that Washington and Tokyo were preparing to refer the issue to the UN Security Council .
For example , when children show off in front of strangers they may really be communicating their uncertainty , even ( paradoxically ) their shyness . 
An experienced teacher may be wary of revealing uncertainties for fear of losing status in the eyes of colleagues , or perhaps the chance of promotion . 
If you are unsure of which flowers will be suitable , or are hard-pressed to think of any small flowers at all , there are many alpine plants that may be ideal . 
It may be recalled that Lanfranc 's doubt about the sanctity of Elphege arose from lack of information about the circumstances of his death . 
Single people , whether celibate or not , may also be plagued by doubts as to whether they would have been capable of sustaining a relationship in marriage . 
A half - hour tour costs HK$50 ; pay at the end , or the driver may cut your trip short .
The new discovery , of weakness in welded joints , may delay plans to reopen the plant 's two reactors . 
Deeper hard pans require more drastic operations such as double digging ; in established gardens you may prefer to delay the upheaval until each area affected is due for renewal and replanting . 
Originally scheduled for late May , the conference was postponed by the government to July 15 . 
There is , however , a possibility that the peace concert , which was to have taken place this Saturday , May 29 , in the King 's Hall , may be rescheduled for the autumn .
Among other things , smoking makes the blood clot more easily and puts him at risk of another heart attack , which may be less mild than the first . 
The vinyl may harden and crack after 10 to 15 years , but until then the bed will be just as comfortable as the day you bought it . 
Gradually beat in the eggs , one at a time -- if you add them too quickly the mixture may curdle . 
A military court in Zagreb on May 20 sentenced five Croats to terms of between one and 3@1/2 years for preparing an armed insurrection against the JNA to kill officers and their families . 
Pincanheale was the site of two Northumbrian church councils in 787 and 796 , and it may be that Aethelwald was overthrown at a gathering there of his magnates and leading churchmen . 
It is possible to identify something of a backlash against Edward 's policies , but it occurred in October , rather than May , 1483 and was subsumed in the rebellion against Richard III . 
The parable may refer to the fact that in Jesus ' time the Zealots ( this was a name given to nationalists ) were stirring up the peasants to revolt against such landlords . 
The continuing protests merged on May 18 with the commemoration of the 11th anniversary of the brutal suppression of the Kwangju uprising [ see pp. 30606-07 ] . 
Rabuka , who in May 1987 had ousted the civilian government elected one month earlier , was appointed Prime Minister on June 2 and named a coalition government on the following day . 
In the eastern town of Douala a crowd of about 50,000 demanding the overthrow of Biya was confronted by troops on May 16 , but refused to disperse .
If he follows the correct path , he may be able to look back on this election as the high-water mark of far-left opposition .
Container-grown evergreens , such as bays ( Laurus nobilis ) are especially vulnerable because the root-ball may freeze solid . 
She may look like a fire-breathing dragon , but butter would n't melt in her mouth . 
Plastic Lunch boxes , food storage containers , etc , may melt if stacked close to the heating elements . 
As the wave reaches the cell periphery , enough calcium may diffuse across to activate the neighbouring cell .
To the extent that this identification is more likely to be made when the stimulus in question is already capable of activating a detailed representation , the likelihood of a vigorous CR may be increased .
( I am leaving aside phenomena such as accommodation , whereby a constant stimulus when sustained may activate the nervous system progressively less intensively , with a corresponding reduction in the perceived intensity of the stimulus .
The activation of the endothelium may be the result of microbial attack , contat activation by activated neutrophils , or some other external stimulus , including inflammatory mediators .
All this evidence suggests that the InsP 3 /calcium signalling pathway is activated by mitogenic stimuli and may contribute to the changes culminating in DNA synthesis .
Furthermore , numbers of peripheral activated B cells may vary among individuals .
In some cells , there are suggestions that these inositol phosphates may directly activate specific channels in the plasma membrane .
Nevertheless , lawyers may be difficult to convince , even upon the persuasions of members of the RICS , that inflationary trends may justify an increase from £600 yearly in 1972 to £20,000 yearly in 1913 . 
In May the price of cocoa fell to its lowest level since 1975-76 .
The risk is that the shares may fall in value leaving the securities house with a huge loss .
But conversely if the government raises interest rates the supply of money may fall in response to a lower demand for money .
In this as in other respects particular groups within a class may be rising or falling in importance , according to the general development of the class and the society .
Given the risk associated with the possibility that the market price may fall below the subscription price the timing of a rights issue is extremely important .
The ` taxable value " ( which may understate the real value ) of benefits rises with income . 
As described in the previous section , this may have resulted from a decrease in the number of elderly people using buses following the introduction in September 1991 of fares for concessionary travel .
Because the channel is in its low-affinity state , it may be positioned on the cGMP dose-response curve to be sensitive to a small decrease in free cGMP concentration , thus facilitating its closure .
Initial decreases in heart rate and arterial pressure may occur but these effects are minimal with the infusion rates recommended and are less pronounced than with morphine
The smaller decrease for Mg 2+ ( 1.4-fold ) may be due to the interference of high Mg 2+ concentration on the interaction of Ca 2+ with calmodulin .
The EC pig meat reference price decreased by 0.3 per cent in the week ended May 30 to 57.41 per cent of the basic price . 
Occasionally , syncopal episodes decrease in frequency and may even disappear with increasing age . 
The film had cost at least $25 million ( and may have soared as high as $33 million if all costs were considered ) which , in 1970 dollars , put it way above the epic category . 
In addition to feeling threatened by Iraq 's growing nuclear program , these attacks may explain why the Khomeini government ultimately resumed its efforts to continue Iran 's nuclear power program and strengthen its existing nuclear research program -- and ultimately to develop nuclear weapons .
The breeding population may have declined in recent years . 
Figure 16-3 implies that cutting income tax rates may eliminate some of the deadweight burden of distortionary taxation , but governments should probably expect their tax revenue to decline if such policies are put into effect . 
Membership of the PDS was reported to have declined from 2,400,000 in 1989 to 250,000 in May 1991 . 
Regional policy may not be a major strand of governmental intervention and in the short to medium term it is destined to decline in importance . 
More important , buyers with 95 per cent loans who may have seen the price of their property slide in recent months could end up with a debt greater than the value of the property . 
The grey market resumed on May 12th , after the rights issue was priced ; the shares slid further . 
True , some buyers may still prefer going to IBM for ` company-wide " systems and mainframe-based servers , but their number is dwindling as PC-based systems grow more powerful . 
Certainly , prices of fuel doubled in the later sixteenth century although this may have been only part of the general inflation . 
Adaptation to thrive in seasonal environments , in which day-length , temperatures , water and food availability and other important factors fluctuate widely throughout an annual cycle , may be at least as critical as adaptation to cold , and more difficult for species to adjust to by natural selection . 
Individual populations may still fluctuate , but the overall balance of the community remains steady . 
In particular , the aggregate results may show less fluctuation over time than the results of some of the separate segments of the business . 
Under managed floating , exchange rates are free to move according to market forces but governments may intervene in an attempt to stabilize any short-term fluctuations . 
Or there may have been a sudden and unexpected explosion in the local mouse population , leading to a spate of hunting and killing by a pet cat that normally feeds only at home .
On occasion , in the case of a severe explosion in the numbers of fleas , you may need to take more radical action to eliminate them .
Canadian companies exported $33.7 billion worth of goods , up 2.7% from January 's revised level , the largest monthly rate of growth since May 2000 .
The government 's opinion-poll rating has edged up , from 20.1% in November to 26.3% in May , according to polls conducted by Yomiuri Shimbun , Japan 's biggest newspaper .
Cowley climbed into the back of the car , then leaned out the window to add , ` It seems that young Mayli has already located Colonel Lin Foh 's new hotel . 
Rumours of lawlessness and factional fighting had increased since the government had withdrawn its troops in March and the BRA had made a unilateral declaration of independence in May .
They may indeed be typical , with their everyday badinage about organic beans on toast and the relative nutritional merits of sundry spaghetti sauces . 
BBC chiefs may cut parts of a chat between actress Brigitte Nielsen and Terry Wogan because it is too raunchy for TV . 
And what Rémy hears may very well be talked of with the patron he 's courting . 
To give an example , incest may exist simply as a prohibition at the level of the formal system but at the practical level , breaches of the prohibition are explained , joked about or criticized . 
All week long , the Hollywood gossip about this case was of drugs , mysticism and off-beat sex , and for once there may be more truth than fantasy in the flashy talk of the town . " 
“ The rest of the colony may have nothing better to do than gossip about my private life , but I draw the line at my fiancée joining in . ” 
There is , for example , no Annie 's Bar where we may gossip with the mighty over a vodka -- although we do have access to a well-stocked cafeteria , where the waitresses are uncommonly polite . 
Rye flour does not rise on its own , but may be mixed with wheat in different proportions and can be baked into a variety of tasty breads . 
The taste for sweet and highly spiced food , which made little use of the plants which grew easily in our temperate Northern climate , may well have been brought back from the Holy Land by returning Crusaders . 
Both leaves and seeds may be used to give a mild , slightly sweet flavour to foods . 
For example , if you are consuming lots of cups of coffee or tea , cola drinks , or refined sweet foods , you may find the first week of the diet quite a challenge ! 
She could n't help thinking , though , that the freshly baked scones reminded her of Mrs Maybury 's delicious home-made cake . 
It may be that fascination with the problems of why palatable insects are brightly coloured has caused us to overlook Darwin 's problems of why unpalatable insects are brightly coloured in the first place . 
A few of the males may then mimic the female 's odour . 
For instance , you may be feeling depressed and lethargic , yet love the gentle , relaxing aroma of sandalwood . 
In fact , the choice is so wide that your problem may be one of bewilderment -- how are you to pick the ideal model from the dozens competing for your custom ?
For the purposes of this tutorial , however , the term `` terrorism '' will be used to describe acts that incorporate the following elements : Intentional or threatened violence directed against civilians or noncombatants ; Actors that are sub - national groups or individuals ( although they may receive financial or logistical support from governments ) ; Motivations that are chiefly political , ideological , or religious ( i.e. , not strictly criminal ) ; Often , some element of symbolism in the choice of target , together with the desire to elicit fear in a larger audience beyond the immediate victims of an attack .
In fear of this possibility , many women choose to have pregnancy screenings and may opt for abortion if evidence of handicap is revealed .
And the signals suggested Mr Clarke may opt to extend the scope of VAT to newspapers , food , children 's clothing , and could also tinker with tax allowances to pull in extra revenue .
Ed_Henry : Democrats say they also want to signal they 're ready to stand up to the Republican majority and may even filibuster the president 's latest Supreme Court pick Samuel Alito a move that would make these events seem like the opening fireworks in a much nastier battle .
This will not unsubscribe you from e-mail communications from third-party advertisers that may appear in MSN Feature Offers .
You may fill and seal this capsule , and we will bury it deep within the bridge structure . 
Now most followers wear black coats and scarlet may be worn by permission of the masters . 
Although Poidevin may not be seen in the sky blue jumper of NSW or the gold of Australia , television viewers will be seeing plenty of Poidevin on-screen . 
You may wear my livery . 
Fashion garments may and do cost a great deal , but break down the component parts of that price and the sum paid for the natural fibre fabrics begins to look a little odd . 
You never know , the head may well be wearing knickers and a bra under his tweed jacket and cords . 
With the invitations , it is helpful to give other parents a few ideas as to how they may make their children 's costumes . 
Parts of the trail may be muddy so bring your wellies . 
They may not sell many plastic macs or pairs of 60s kinky boots , but with a 70s revival in the air Oxfam shop volunteers are being swamped with requests for clothes like this . 
His hemiplegic hip may be supported on a folded towel for the same reason , and he needs sheepskin muffs to protect his heels from pressure sores .
She advises on skin care , particularly in relation to avoiding pressure sores , and may supply sheepskin heel muffs to protect the feet , and sheepskin squares for the patient to sit or lie on .
On Sunday 27 May 1095 Anselm received the pallium from the papal legate at Canterbury . 
With the bishop of Winchester he presented Kilwardby with his pallium in May 1273 and immediately set out for Burgundy to meet Edward I on his return from crusade . 
Even the car keys or a belt buckle may upset things if placed too close . 
Before we consider the technological issues surrounding multimedia , it may be useful to emphasise a key division in the world of information . 
On 5 May Eisenhower chose to respond to the ensuing crisis by asserting the right of the United States to fly its planes over the Soviet Union if security considerations demanded such a course of action . 
For in cases such as these , tariff considerations may be much less relevant , if at all . 
Political considerations may have made them less inclined to return to China , but it was generally not a major reason for leaving in the first place . 
It should be borne in mind , however , that some approaches , used without proper consideration of the issues involved , may be distressing or even damaging . 
The discussion of culture in Raymond Williams ' ( 1983 ) Towards 2000 has been very important in my consideration of where Tyneside is going and where it may be made to go . 
This provokes the consideration that the penal system may perform a dual function in the reproduction of the social formation . 
The electron velocity at the point z may be worked out by the simple consideration that the electron gains kinetic energy at the expense of its potential energy ( the same idea as in mechanics ) . 
A court contemplating a wasted costs order under section 19A of the Prosecution of Offences Act 1985 should formulate concisely the complaint and the grounds upon which the order may be sought . 
No legal change in priority has been contemplated , so that drivers may continue to assume dominance over foot traffic in housing areas . 
Poppy-straw and concentrate of poppy-straw are controlled drugs and the Act apparently contemplates that one may be produced from the other . 
I may also have dwelt too long on the years between 1690 and 1730 , but this was simply because it seems to be most people 's favourite period . 
The explosions may have been linked with a particularly violent six-week strike by railway workers in which seven people have died .
The method of goal planning we will present here may be particularly helpful for clients with stress related problems .
Correspondingly , the two eddy types in Figs. 21.10 and 21.11 may be related in some way rather than occurring independently .
The PRC is reportedly providing Iranian nuclear experts with know-how and design information , some of which may be related to fissile material production and weapons development ( 6930 ) .
Iran may have received other nuclear - related assistance and material from Argentina ( 6883 , 6897 ) .
The PRC is reportedly providing Iranian nuclear experts with know-how and design information , some of which may be related to fissile material production and weapons development ( 6930 ) .
Iran may have received other nuclear - related assistance and material from Argentina ( 6883 , 6897 ) .
Those familiar with Safire 's editorial style , reflected in his political columns on the editorial pages of The N. Y. Times , may agree with me in the contention that when he writes about language he seems to be writing on his day off : I can not put my finger on why , but `` On Language '' always strikes me as an excruciating effort to be cute .
In Quinean terms , in an uncontrolled study , the observation statements ( about the patient 's condition ) and the theoretical statement ( about the efficacy of the treatment ) may be linked too tenuously along the radii of the web ; in the extreme case , the apparent linkage may be purely by chance .
Unix System Labs is set to kick off a Solution Providers Program May 17 in which it will partner with systems integrators such as EDS and make sales calls with them . 
But in many booths the presiding officer is in cahoots with the capturers , or may be too terrified of local toughs to protest . 
Current collaboration in the development of staff training materials may augur well for further co-operation and joint training opportunities . 
Packer remarks that the greater willingness to join in collaboration against a consorting male may be related to the greater benefits that the altruism bestows on the recipient in these cases . 
There may be no direct collaboration between SBUs , but what Porter calls the same generic skills may be called upon . 
One obvious snag is that the insistence on international collaboration , whatever cultural value it may have , is inconsistent with the Single Market ( ostensibly a reality since the beginning of this year ) . 
Unlike Mr Kinnock , her confederate in unpopularity , she may face a challenge . 
They may have been encouraged to do so by General Aslam Beg 's recent public condemnations of the war , couched in accusations of conspiracy by the West to undermine the Muslim world . 
On May 3 1989 committal proceedings began in respect of six officers who were charged with conspiracy to pervert the course of justice . 
Thus what may at first sight appear to be something that facilitates competition can actually be a form of legal collusion . 
Even Burt Lancaster became tired of Douglas 's temperament when they teamed up again in 1964 to make Seven Days in May .
The RSPB is concerned that persecution may be preventing their colonising the region in greater numbers .
Vascular access may increase the risk of infection but cannulas are not usually colonised by organisms originating in the gut .
As is common in ET analysis , these features may extend over sequentially or spatially clustered sets of nucleotides or amino acids , and patterns are frequently difficult to identify without a form of color coding .
School monitors are distinguished in many ways , the most obvious being the vermilion gown ; they may also grow a moustache .
Occasionally an otherwise totally black cat may have a single white whisker . 
I may get cosmetic surgery for my `` Asian eyes '' or use skin lighteners for my dark skin , but I reinforce the implicitly racist social norms that say that Asian eyes or dark skin are traits to be ashamed of .
Several departments and levels may be represented in the groups which come together and accomplish more or less well defined objectives and then disperse .
The eight parties which had come together as the Kurdistan Front took part on May 19 in elections for an executive leader and a 105-seat Iraqi Kurdistan National Assembly for the Kurds of northern Iraq .
A ` typical " Highlander workshop may revolve around 25-30 people from 3-6 different community groups who come together , often for the first time , for a weekend residential session at the Center .
More than 150 nuclear safety experts from 36 countries met in Vienna on May 14-18 to exchange information on operating experience at nuclear plants and to analyse new dimensions in nuclear safety .
President Sali Berisha met with Jacques Delors , President of the European Commission , in Brussels on May 5 .
On May 5-6 thousands of his supporters congregated around him .
The flowers , appearing in late summer , are long lasting and may be dried for indoor display . 
Glistening white flowers tinged with pink appear during April and May . 
Symptoms of illness do not appear immediately but only after a delay , or `` incubation period , '' that may last for days to weeks .
Social groups , or cliques , may act collectively for or against the interests of their company ; the like-mindedness which arises in all members of the group strengthens their collective attitudes or actions . 
The DSS has a statutory duty to pay benefits of a given level approved by Parliament regardless of the level of sickness or unemployment that may arise in any one year . 
` We may do the odd Christmas special , but as far as series go , this is it , " says Harry , who does n't believe in letting new ideas develop into a formula . 
The early evolutionary stages of development of wings are still in question they may have developed from outgrowths of exoskeleton from the body that assisted gliding initially , and then acquired a propulsive function . 
The Government may , one assumes , be particularly grateful for the fact that the question of the future of Scottish regiments failed to materialise as an election issue north of the border . 
On the grassland , now thoroughly moistened , patches and rings of darker green grass that may be signs of underground fungal growth are materialising like watermarks . 
In particular , the identities of five Antennapedia -like homeobox genes have been disclosed from both our and the Spanish asexual strains [ 11 26 ] . These findings imply that PEVE may affect other asexual strains of planaria , thus paving the way for the development of transgenic planaria using the planarian viral sequences as vectors for introduction of exogenous DNA into planarian cells .
Although anal intercourse may play some part it does not seem to be a necessary activity for the development of anal cancer .
Inactivation of the p53 pathway will result in the survival of cells exposed to mutagens , and may thus have a pivotal role in the development of cancer .
The development of overt lung cancer depends on a second chemical insult ( the promoter ) , a chance event that may occur 20 to 40 years later , or not at all .
Phyto-oestrogens are thus unlikely to represent an important factor in the development of breast cancer , but they may have some contributory effect in younger women .
A publisher or distributor may very well be unaware of the contents of what he is circulating , although he might be thought to have some obligation to ascertain what is contained in what he is peddling . 
The problem is that on his own terms ` many " may conclude quite the reverse , however much they share his view of the Iraqi regime . 
We may draw two main conclusions from these data about the prevalence of dementia among the institutionalized population . 
One palm reader may deduce her findings from a comparison between lines and hand form , while another may simply use the palm rather as she uses , at other times , a crystal ball . 
Some figures of deaths in monastic houses may be accurate , but as the plague did not strike evenly throughout the country it would be foolish to deduce any estimate of national mortality from them . 
The importance that the General attributed to these events may be deduced from the enormous pains he took to prepare for them . 
People may vote with one hand on their wallets , but their guesses about future prosperity are tangled up with judgments of the competing politicians . 
Our spies think the best guess for general availability of Solaris-on-iAPX-86 is May . 
In practice it may be possible to make an enlightened guess as to the origin and type of infection involved , but in very few cases can the physician be one hundred per cent sure of his diagnosis . 
It 's anyone 's guess what may happen in the future , but for now Hong Kong bristles with energy and ambition , and for the visitor , this beautiful city with its contrasts and variety is an exhilarating experience .
Her feelings for him may be guessed at from a text she wrote decades later , after Gustave 's death . 
Indeed , in some situations , the child may have to exploit this interdependence to infer the reason on the basis of information about the result , while continuing to maintain the reason/result distinction . 
We can look at the way other creatures behave and from our observations infer the senses to which they are responding , but our inferences may be misleading us . 
What , thus , may we infer exactly from Johnson 's remark that he would go two miles out of his way to meet Monboddo ? 
As you may infer from my name and address , I am a person of Irish origin who is currently living and working in France . 
The researchers concluded that ` one may infer that many felt there had been a conflict between studying for interest 's sake and studying for examination success " . 
For if one supposes that all good things become valueless if you remove the pleasure , one may infer that all the value must lie in the pleasure . 
The inference from samples may be deductive or inductive . 
Old-fashioned nationalists and Thatcherites may draw the triumphant inference that the Gulf war has exposed the futility of the Community 's foreign policy ambitions . 
The Minoans may have learnt the art of making faience , a glaze technique , from the Egyptians in about 2000 BC . 
Such images , it may be surmised , were not well received by the nobility , who continued to commission portraits of conventionally austere appearance . 
Well , it 's difficult to surmise what he may have seen . 
One may also surmise a sociological influence . 
Readers who are new to any or all of this may have difficulty figuring out how the components fit together .
You may find when you have the reply back from the employer that you have to suspend unemployment benefit . 
This is particularly important in the light of recent findings , which found that interventions such as weight-loss drugs may be harmful [ 33 34 ] . For older adults , the risks associated with higher weight are especially unclear , and the optimal outcome for a trial of weight loss in older adults requires specific attention to improved health and mortality .
Abbas said it may take three or four days to determine whether Mahsud died in Wednesday 's strike .
The practising architect may design better buildings after working with the old ones . 
These may be large- or small-scale databases designed with very specific educational aims , to cater for a particular topic or part of a course , or for more general use in the school library . 
Plumber 's snakes can be hired , though might be a tool worth owning -- you may be able to improvise something from a length of net curtain wire with a hook at the end . 
However , some analysts speculate that North Korean scientists were present during Pakistan 's nuclear tests in May 1998 , and that Pyongyang could have obtained a tested bomb design from Islamabad or from Pakistani scientists without government approval .
The series of nuclear tests in 1995 - 96 prior to China 's signature of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty ( CTBT ) may have resulted in a smaller and lighter warhead design for the new generation of intercontinental ballistic missiles ( ICBMs ) now under development .
On other occasions , borrowing may be the only way you will ever be able to afford to buy something expensive like a house . 
Mahmud may have bought time for himself , but he stored up trouble for his successors . 
If you buy from a retailer you may get some joy out of the manufacturer of the machine -- but do n't count on it . 
Offering small quantities would also give greater variety to people 's diets , a variety which they may be unable to obtain if they can only buy in quantity . 
Money may be able to buy flying time , but it can not buy skill -- and it most certainly can not guarantee success in an aerobatic championship . 
Buyers who habitually purchase supplies from one supplier may recognise that change involves unwarranted risk . 
The investor may purchase shares in his chosen company for 200p so that the two states are 400p and 100p each with an equal probability of occurring ( Fig. 7.16 ) . 
Anglers might be tempted into thinking that they may be able to purchase the Bivvy Dome cheaper direct from camping shops , but they must remember , as with many items , various different qualities exist . 
Any Medau member may now purchase leotards and leisurewear direct from Freetime at the wholesale price on single orders by quoting their membership number . 
Wings was subsequently sold by Rank to Horizon at about the same time as Horizon was itself purchased more or less outright by Bass for £90 million in May 1987 . 
In May 1998 , the London Daily Telegraph reported that `` Iran has concluded a secret deal with China to purchase banned chemicals that will enable it to become self-sufficient in producing large stockpiles of advanced nerve gas . ''
However , the US expresses concerns that Iran may purchase stockpiled plutonium from North Korea ( 6840 ) .
However , the US expresses concerns that Iran may purchase stockpiled plutonium from North Korea ( 6840 ) .
Iran may have approached Pakistan for help in enriching uranium it purchased from South Africa in the late 1980s .
For example , they may purchase raw or milled uranium ore from abroad , and then use indigenous facilities to enrich it to weapons - grade material .
All of us should know by now of the decision taken at the special church meeting on 13th May to go ahead with the purchase of the Camphill building . 
FALLING interest rates may be good news for home buyers but they do n't do savers any favours . 
Buyers of expensive luxury motors and sports cars may save a mint . 
If you are selling a house and buying another one , you may find yourself in a position where you have to wait for your purchaser to complete , whereas your new home is ready . 
The cost per annum , which will be borne by the purchaser of the completed property , may well exceed £500 --which may affect sale prices and hence the land value . 
So if your debtor has insufficient assets to pay you when judgement is given , all may not be lost . 
Budapest Municipality will pay half the cost of fitting a converter , but many may prefer to upgrade to new cars . 
Germany has paid 300 million DM for parts not delivered , but Iran may seek 5 billion DM ( 6573 , 6576 , 6581 , 6930 ) .
A half - hour tour costs HK$50 ; pay at the end , or the driver may cut your trip short .
If your business regularly makes or receives payments in foreign currencies , or wishes to borrow in anticipation of receiving payments from abroad , you may find it convenient and cost-effective to open foreign currency bank accounts . 
Usually , you lose the widow 's pension at the time of a divorce , though you may be able to benefit from the lump sum payment on death . 
Why has lump sum payment been brought forward to 31 May ? 
At the same time , larger companies may take advantage of smaller suppliers by delaying payment . 
If your business regularly makes or receives payments in foreign currencies , or wishes to borrow in anticipation of receiving payments from abroad , you may find it convenient and cost-effective to open foreign currency bank accounts . 
For the record , Mayflower Manners is available from Doubleday at the relatively light price of $14.95 . 
The recent collapse in the producer price of Brazil nuts has threatening implications for swathes of the Amazon forest , since local people whose livelihoods depend on gathering the nuts may be forced to resort to slash-and-burn agriculture . 
While catalytic converters may cost the manufacturer around £50 to buy , to fit them requires skilled labour and may well bump up the price of a new car by between £100 and £1000 depending on the model . 
The two parties may agree a price for the land or ask an agent to act on their behalf . 
Canadian companies exported $33.7 billion worth of goods , up 2.7% from January 's revised level , the largest monthly rate of growth since May 2000 .
It is reported that a German subsidiary of a US firm may have sold laser enrichment equipment to Iran .
Certain CW facilities also carried out research on the suitability of using illegal drugs such as methaqualone ( `` Quaaludes '' ) , MDMA ( `` Ecstasy '' ) , LSD , marijuana extract ( tetrahydrocannibol ) , and cocaine as incapacitating `` calmatives , '' but some of these illegal drugs may have ended up being sold for a profit .
On 15 May 1905 , the railroad held a land sale -- a momentous step in Las Vegas history .
One may ask what one would have had to do had one consented . 
The Farabundo Martí National Liberation Front ( FMLN ) on May 27 rejoined the Commission for the Consolidation of Peace ( Copaz ) following a government pledge to investigate the shooting and serious wounding of an FMLN bodyguard . 
This may limit the ability of these hospitals to meet their pledges of maximum inpatient waiting times of two years . 
I pledge by God 's creed to become a Muslim soldier to support God 's religion , and may God 's word be the most supreme .
4.3 The Distributor hereby undertakes that in the event or any infringement of the Trade Mark it will offer all such assistance as the Publisher may reasonable require to enforce its rights in the Territory . 
On May 22nd ( the day following his terrible vow against Elfed ) he writes up a typical entry : ` Went to see As You Like It as performed by Form 4 . 
I vow by God 's creed to obey those responsible in this mission , in thick and thin , and thereupon may God 's word be most supreme .
But if the police or the security services are perpetrating the illegal acts there may be little incentive for them to deal with such complaints seriously .
It was suggested , but never proved , that the deceased gentleman may have had valuables in the house , and that their abstraction was the motive of the crime .
There may be a hundred crimes in the background , but it is only on this one that they can be tried . "
Indeed , an old person living alone may need nearly as much physical care as those in shared households and this may require quite a high level of family organisation and planning , in which a woman is usually at the centre .
In some cases , transcription factors may bind cooperatively to adjacent DNA sites via direct physical interaction [ 3 4 ] . In other cases , multiple transcription factors that bind independently may recruit a common co-activator [ 5 ] , or may act independently of one another to alter gene expression in response to distinct cellular cues [ 6 ] . Recent studies have also suggested that nearby transcription factors may collaboratively compete with nucleosomes , thus enhancing the binding of individual transcription factors [ 7 8 ] . Many experiments in yeast have shown that specific pairs of factors must be bound near each other for multifactorial regulation to occur [ 7 8 9 10 ] , and it is on these spatial constraints that we focus here .
Equally , the interests common to the different classes of a given nation or state may override what divides them .
Certainly , a consideration of what wealth is to be used for and how it is to be redistributed is an essential ingredient of Bailey 's requirements ( readers may be interested to contrast Flew 's strictures on the notion that wealth is entirely a collective property , and that its distribution is therefore a matter for collective decision-taking ) .
For the purposes of this tutorial , however , the term `` terrorism '' will be used to describe acts that incorporate the following elements : Intentional or threatened violence directed against civilians or noncombatants ; Actors that are sub - national groups or individuals ( although they may receive financial or logistical support from governments ) ; Motivations that are chiefly political , ideological , or religious ( i.e. , not strictly criminal ) ; Often , some element of symbolism in the choice of target , together with the desire to elicit fear in a larger audience beyond the immediate victims of an attack .
The words themselves , being less " everyday " , are less likely to have widely accepted definitions or stereotypical patterns of usage that may then be quoted as examples in their dictionary definition . 
At this point it may be noted that there is no completely satisfactory definition of ` an utterance " . 
They may not be among the `` best and brightest '' of their generation -- there are very few such people , by definition .
Some definitions of terrorism go beyond sub - state actors to include repressive governments that may carry out acts of `` state terrorism '' against their own citizens .
This sort of language already sounds ludicrously dated , even though a fair number of East Germans may still seek to redefine their society in different terms from the capitalist West . 
As the answers themselves acknowledge , the conduct of governments in their relations with each other may be affected by considerations of policy as well as by considerations of legal characterisation . 
In other words , a degree of annexation which in earlier times the law would have treated as conclusive may now prove nothing .
Another salesman may communicate imperfectly but succeed in making a sale because one of the triggers used was sufficient to motivate the purchase .
An Iranian initiative to normalize relations was communicated to the United States in May 2003 .
North Korea has not conducted a nuclear test , but in early May 2005 , press reports indicated that U.S. satellite imagery had detected signs that North Korea could be preparing for a nuclear test to be conducted in June .
Ed_Henry : Democrats say they also want to signal they 're ready to stand up to the Republican majority and may even filibuster the president 's latest Supreme Court pick Samuel Alito a move that would make these events seem like the opening fireworks in a much nastier battle .
` We may not choose to come , " he blustered . 
` That 's as may be , but not altogether relevant , " the diarist prattled . 
It may be appropriate on occasions , or in certain traditions , for these to be sung by the choir alone . 
On 9 May Harold Macmillan , the British Resident Minister at AFHQ , cabled Churchill to say that the situation in Austria was very " embarrassing " for the British commanders .
Macmillan concludes his diary entry for 13 May : " I at once telegraphed to Churchill saying that the position seemed to me radically changed ( I wonder for how long ? ) …
Labour Members know that , whatever they may bray and shout in here , the public outside distrust them . 
WHEN Radovan Karadzic , leader of the Bosnian Serbs , put his worthless signature on the Vance-Owen plan in Athens on May 2nd , another Serb leader present , Dragoslav Rancic , chuckled that the plan , if it ever worked , would leave Muslims in a ` Balkan Lesotho " . 
` May I ride with you this morning , Silas darling ? " she cooed in honeyed tones . 
` However , " Legion rumbled on , ` despite the fact that IMC is a mining company , not a people-mover , we may be able to provide some berths . " 
It is difficult to answer the question as to whether the papacy may be accounted a financial power of importance on a European level . 
CONCERN has been expressed that emergency calls are being answered by people who may not understand local accents . 
Their replies to my questions may not be those that I had in mind , but by telling them that they were incorrect I would probably have ensured that they would not be so willing to answer again . 
` There may be more , and I 'm in charge , let's continue , " replied Ralph . 
At one point during the campaign , he said he would appoint a peace envoy to Northern Ireland if elected a controversial idea which drew a sharp response from Ulster Secretary Sir Patrick Mayhew .
` She may be getting plenty of food , but she 's putting it in a poor skin , " retorted Sarah . 
Moreover , the Wolof may retort that they do have ways of expressing multiple points of view and that we should attempt to understand these before dismissing them en bloc . 
Selling houses to the poor may not be compatible with minimising the losses to taxpayers , which requires selling assets at the best price available . 
The chapter is another lesson in the value of exploring perspectivcs which may at first seem wholly incompatible . 
The use of strategies to interpret problematic utterances appears to be incompatible with coming to understand that a verbal message may not provide adequate information about the speaker 's intended meaning . 
These two goals may prove to be incompatible and yet each will have its supporters . 
The Commission may extend the period of suspension until a final decision is taken on the merger 's compatibility with the Common Market . 
It claims 100% compatibility with Windows 3. x ( as it is now and as it may become to ward off emulators ) and no degradation in the performance of any Windows application . 
This mosaic may now be considered as earlier than c. 340 , a dating which accords well with that of other mosaics which also possess single pairs of rotated squares . 
Their behaviour patterns may be consistent with the dominant culture or may differ from it . 
In addition , slow waves consistent with being asleep may occur during lapses in performance . 
The temperament of the child may clash with the mother and so the eating problems occur in the context of a wide range of other management problems .
But the CSO 's likely wish to collect more numbers and use larger samples may clash with another imminent report , by the DTI , into business statistics .
It may well happen , however , that the users of a hierarchy ( in the case of a lexical hierarchy the speakers of the language ) have positive intuitions concerning which items belong together at a given level ; and these intuitions may conflict with the level assignations according to technical criteria .
The Secretary of duhFENSE may be introduced at the annual Army- Navy game , while the crowd is shouting to the players on the field , `` DEE-fense , DEE -fense ! ``
They may be content to put up with a certain proportion of customer complaints for a given volume of business . 
Members of third parties may make complaints in writing to the director . 
This may have some truth , but seems unsatisfactory as a complete explanation .
Iran agreed to an IAEA inspection schedule and to a mid - May 2004 deadline for the submission of complete details regarding its nuclear program and goals .
Some degree of ` task allocation " may become necessary , though the concept of total patient care should never be completely abandoned .
Price is per person , based on double occupancy , for cruise only , may vary by sail date , and requires full payment at the time of purchase .
28258 ) ; NRCS provided a full copy of the analysis to us when it filed its copy of the final rule on May 29, 1997 .
6- The call to adhere to Islam in general , and spreading the concept of Jihad specifically , starts with relatives and friends. ( T.C : Koranic verse ) You may not be able to do this , if your work demands extreme secrecy , like Naeem IBn Mas'uud ( May God bless him ) .
The court may intervene where there has been a failure to comply with express procedural requirements . 
If this rule is not complied with , the issuer is guilty of an offence , any subsequent contract etc entered into may be unenforceable and the issuer of the advertisement may face criminal charges and/or fines . 
Rigid US adherence to the old imperial measures may evoke nostalgia among engineers of yesteryear . 
Compliance by the defendant with the Code may be relied upon by him for the purpose of showing that the commission of an offence under ss20 and 21 has not been established . 
If he follows the correct path , he may be able to look back on this election as the high-water mark of far-left opposition .
The judicial reforms were detailed on May 8 by Deputy Premier and Chairman of the State Control Commission Manush Myftiu , who described them as strengthening the observance of human rights . 
FAILURE TO DO EITHER OF THE ABOVE THINGS MAY MEAN THAT YOU WILL BE CONTRAVENING THE PROVISIONS OF THE ABOVE LEGISLATION . 
` He may have contravened the rules you devised , for your admittedly entertaining method of execution by single combat . 
( b ) Documentary evidence Evidence may be adduced in the form of a document provided that the contents do not contravene any of the rules on admissibility . 
Although the U.S. government believes that the BW agent stockpiles have been destroyed , activities that contravene the BWC may continue at a few military biological facilities in Russia .
A UN arbitration panel ruled on May 8 that France had committed " substantial violations " of a 1986 UN accord by repatriating two French agents convicted in New Zealand of sabotage and manslaughter . 
On 12 May 2003 , North Korea declared that the `` Joint Declaration of the Denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula '' of 20 January 1992 was no longer valid because of `` violations by the United States '' [ Note : the U.S was not a signatory ] . 
5.12.3 To pay and satisfy any charge that may be imposed upon any breach by the Tenant of planning control or otherwise under the Planning Acts 
If the sources were not already known to the IRA , the author of the alleged MI5 documents may have committed a grave breach of security by alluding to them . 
The landlord may seek possession before expiry if there is a breach of any obligation of the tenancy or non-payment of rent and a proviso for re-entry or forfeiture therefore is contained in the tenancy agreement . 
A child will not conform ` naturally " to all the rules of his or her parents or society , no matter how benevolent the home environment may be . 
When the ` Wolf " catches her he may obey the laws of the game and avoid physically hurting her , but giving her a momentary fright is a legitimate part of the game . 
It is not that the law claims that one ought to obey the law come what may . 
Decades of educational research tell us unequivocally that even smaller classes have zero effect on the academic performance of the pupils -- though they may sometimes be desirable for other reasons .
Unemployment still is officially recorded at 16.5 % , the highest rate in Europe , although actual joblessness may be lower .
Although a GOP president may limit local benefits to the voter 's particular district/state , such a president is also likely to be more effective at preventing other districts/states and their legislators from bringing home the local benefits .
Chances of advancement are good although you may have to move agencies to get it .
This engrossing spectacle fascinates the predator who may eventually devour the tail , although it has little nutritional value .
While the immediate solution to a dementia problem may seem to be increasing staffing , eg another warden part- or full-time , the effect on other tenants has to be taken into account .
While he set out very clearly the risks of court office , his letter may have exaggerated them .
What is more , if the introduction is clear , precise , forthright , logical and interesting the reader will remember that initial impression and perhaps forgive any purple or turgid passages which may follow !
Inflation may accelerate as well , but , if faster scrapping is to occur , not as fast as money wages .
If these policies continue council tenure may decline to 20 per cent , or less if present government policy to transfer whole estates to other landlords or to their tenants succeeds .
User education for schoolchildren in public libraries may therefore become increasingly out of step if this policy is pursued more widely .
If our smile does not receive a response we may try a more straightforward communication -- ` hello Jill , it 's good to see you again . "
One may say that , if Alexander improved the way he used himself , then anyone can do the same thing .
Where there is a slight risk in the event of a swing , a pilot may be said to have made a simple error of judgement or taken an unnecessary risk .
4.3 The Distributor hereby undertakes that in the event or any infringement of the Trade Mark it will offer all such assistance as the Publisher may reasonable require to enforce its rights in the Territory .
The markets of course know that governments may be glad of a chance to change policy in the event of a successful speculative attack , which provides traders the incentive to undertake it .
You will be acknowledged by name in the final credits of the Video in the event of it proceeding to completion and in any video credits in the accompanying print material which may be published .
A tank may benefit from a change of position in the event of a problem where everything else has failed .
Mortgage Protection -- Whilst it is not compulsory , it may be advisable to ensure that in the event of death before the loan is repaid , funds will be available to pay off the loan .
In the event of a sudden shortfall in staffing levels , the agreement of sonic staff members to work additional hours may be needed .
Our marine insurance covers injury or damage you may cause to third parties with one of our yachts , dinghies or windsurfers , assuming you are n't negligent .
Some revenue for the programme may come from taxes on carbon dioxide emissions , assuming that present proposals to introduce them become law .
Thus , even though an investment may produce income only in the longer term , if it is financially worthwhile it will have an immediate positive effect on share price , assuming an efficient stock market .
( In general , this may require assuming all pieces are distinct even when they are indistinguishable. ) 3 .
You may also get a rebate on your car insurance , provided it is off the road for at least 28 days .
But it may be better to leave him there -- provided he 's healthy -- for at least an hour , because it helps successful breastfeeding .
Non-residual herbicides may be used provided green cover is not destroyed .
If a competitor raises his price , perhaps because of rising costs , it may be possible to hold yours steady , provided you can contain your own rising costs .
The old program may be recovered with the OLD command provided no new program lines have been typed in or deleted and no variables have been created .
If you do not hold such a licence you may apply for Provisional LCG/PCV entitlement to be added to your ordinary licence provided it contains full car entitlement .
Single-member companies may conduct member business by written resolution provided they follow the formalities of s 381A .
In case of sudden death , take note of any witnesses and anything which may be needed in a statement for a coroner 's inquest .
As the answers themselves acknowledge , the conduct of governments in their relations with each other may be affected by considerations of policy as well as by considerations of legal characterisation .
In sum , at both the federal and state government levels at least part of the seemingly irrational behavior voters display in the voting booth may have an exceedingly rational explanation .
If your dog persists in misbehaving when the doorbell is rung , then you may have to take alternative action .
The second generation may behave quite differently .
Even if these findings are not confirmed after further study , one could still make a compelling argument that lipid-lowering therapy ( barring contraindications ) should be initiated early and universally in patients who present with an acute coronary syndrome : First , the long-term safety and effectiveness of statins for the secondary prevention of stable coronary disease is well-established [ 1 2 3 ] ; Second , as evidenced by MIRACL , these agents are safe when initiated at the time of hospitalization for an acute coronary syndrome ; Third , the in-hospital initiation of lipid-lowering therapy appears to promote greater long-term utilization of these agents [ 18 19 20 21 ] . Finally , although lipid levels may be unreliable in the setting of an acute coronary syndrome ( excepting total : HDL and LDL:HDL cholesterol ratios [ 22 ] ) the overwhelming majority of patients with coronary disease will ultimately require both pharmacologic and non-pharmacologic lipid-lowering interventions to attain recommended cholesterol targets [ 23 24 25 ] ; newer guidelines are even more stringent [ 26 ] . Furthermore , data from the recently presented Heart Protection Study suggest that clinical benefits may accrue independent of baseline cholesterol level [ 4 ] . Thus , to withhold lipid-lowering therapy from patients who present with an acute coronary syndrome would be to accept the status quo , and to date our efforts at cholesterol lowering in the secondary prevention setting have been dismal [ 27 28 ] .
No one is quite certain who invented Fair Isle knitting patterns , or the steps of the maypole dance where ribbons are woven round each other . 
Decorative pendants , supported by a chain or screwed brass rod , may need a special ceiling fitting ( see FITTING LIGHTS TO THE CEILING ) . 
Egyptian forces captured Acre and Damascus in May and June 1832 and continued their march northward .
On May 2 , 1989 , Djibouti had closed the border with Somalia after the SNM captured the Saylac border region .
A senior foreign ministry official in Portugal , the former colonial ruler , said the ministry believed the city of Huambo had fallen ` although there may still be one or two pockets of resistance " .
The imperial troops marched on the capital in pursuit of them , and the city fell with minimal resistance in May 1868 .
The company may be reached by fax . 
Detectives still want to contact more people who may have seen what happened . 
Make contact with the so-called " special clinic " ( department of genito-urinary medicine ) at your local hospital if you have any reason whatever to suspect that you may have contracted a venereal disease .
I would like to establish contact with anyone who may have information or data regarding them and their service .
Tickets for the Pet Show , which is from May 2nd-4th , are available -- call the Earls Court box office on 071 373 8141 . 
They may call you for product details or information about the company which makes the product . 
Quite often it has n't and even if it has it may be helpful to call the recipient with information on delivery and timing . 
Any parent who is worried their child may have been in contact with the doctor can still phone the hospital for advice . 
` May I phone for a taxi to the hotel ? 
The phones were red-hot at Torquay , with fans ringing to complain that Fashanu 's absence may have been instrumental in their 2-0 defeat . 
Who rang him in May to make the appointment for him to visit Jackdaw Cottage ? 
Do ring our Helpline with any further questions you may have . 
Last May just days before his finals he telephoned his mother in Singapore to say he 'd taken 200 pills .
On 9 May Harold Macmillan , the British Resident Minister at AFHQ , cabled Churchill to say that the situation in Austria was very " embarrassing " for the British commanders . 
If this involves a fairly long distance through cold parts of the house , you may have to buy metal dish covers , plate warmers and Thermos flasks to keep the food and drinks warm . 
It may not look like it , but the main basin of Gloucester Docks is a drinking water reservoir for the city of Bristol . 
For example , a beaker of water may have a temperature of 50°C but it does not have heat . 
For example a salesman may operate with his own briefcase computer unit which he plugs in to the telephone system when he wants to obtain or transfer information . 
This may be due to a print cartridge problem 
It may have a wider application with the advent of ` pen " syringes now available utilising cartridges for short-acting insulin . 
So that the searcher can go directly to whatever shelf or filing case is appropriate , the number may have to be complex . 
Plastic Lunch boxes , food storage containers , etc , may melt if stacked close to the heating elements . 
Its detergent dispenser may be recalcitrant , but observers applaud the Logic 's ability to sprint like an electrified gazelle across washday 's endless savannah . 
You may also want to have a tumbler of alcohol to sip to relax beforehand . 
They may be able to help you with a view to hiring a show vat for Koi . 
The globular heads or ornamental onion , Allium karataviense make a stunning display in this large clay pot in May and June . 
Cyclamen may also be raised from seed sown now in pots and pans and put outside in a shaded cold frame . 
An older child may be ; but it depends on the circumstances .
The conclusions may depend sensitively on one 's view of the accumulation process .
Though this may apply to certain people , research findings indicate that suicide is at least partly a function of the availability of a lethal method of suicide .
It may seem paradoxical , but knowledge-based innovation is more market dependent than any other kind of innovation .
It may be anything -- roots , green stuff , old apples : it all depends .
The term attenuation may describe any reduction in magnitude of an electrical signal but an electrical network is only called an attenuator if it reduces the magnitude of a signal without changing its time dependence .
In fact , nearly half found their dependence on skilled labour had actually increased , suggesting that the ` deskilling " effect of new technology may have been exaggerated .
A consequence of this may be to increase the dependence of the old people on others because they will need their help to get to the toilet and use it .
It may again turn on the evidential issue of unsoundness as determined at the moment by the doctor .
Controversy over the use of case studies particularly hinges on how they may be most effectively conducted .
Much may hinge upon points that the typical executive might understandably regard as irritating technicalities .
More relevant measurements for these factors include the proportional change in the number of publications and the total number of publications when corrected for investment in research and development ( May 1997 ) .
Unemployment still is officially recorded at 16.5 % , the highest rate in Europe , although actual joblessness may be lower .
But the prisoner who feels integrity and a sense of loyalty to his own group , although he may sincerely repent his crime , might find it difficult to express this publicly . 
Her hope is that ` by enabling insight , they may inspire repentance " . 
It has underlined that Third World nationalism may frustrate zero-sum calculations by the superpowers .
The suicide bombing happened on a main road in Maywand district , Kandahar province , when the convoy of coalition and Afghan forces was passing .
A BRITON sentenced by a Saudi court to a flogging for allegedly swearing at his staff may have the sentence doubled for appealing . 
And anyone found guilty of drinking alcohol may be subjected to 80 lashes of a cane . 
The list is comprehensive and correct at the time of publication , but additions and deletions may occur from time to time .
It may however be deemed to be incorrect if it provides the wrong gear ratios .
While we are on the subject , may I also point out that it is not on the FRCC guides that have printed so many incorrect ` historical facts " .
Again the use of such language may be a problem in a novel intended to be historically accurate .
An actor may portray a cabinet minister making a speech , or talking with his mouth full , and a merely technically accurate imitation of reality will suffice .
It may also be more accurate to say that the user responds to the system rather than the other way around .
I fear that may be true for me .
Oak is an acidic timber , which will cause iron fixings such as nails and screws to rust through very quickly , especially outdoors , where water may be present in large quantities in winter . 
The covers may have rusted badly and the handles broken off , in which case the best tool to lift them is a garden spade inserted under the rim , followed by a stout length of wood . 
However , bleach at this strength may corrode the syringe . 
Quite often , also , hot steam blasting through a scoria cone may oxidize or ` rust " the iron in the rock , giving the scoria a deep reddish-brown colour . 
Prisoners may be left locked in their cells for longer , because there is not the staff to supervise out-of-cell activities or to escort them from place to place . 
Federal agents on May 4 raided the four major New York commodity exchanges and escorted four traders off the floor ; subpoenas were served on the exchanges themselves and on dozens of brokers and traders . 
It was to hound and hasten Leonard 's waking thoughts , eliminate any residual interest he may have possessed in mere intellectual commitment , and open to him the stark reality of life downtown . 
In 1995 , it became evident that Iran may be pursuing nuclear weapons through another track : by procuring dual - use items from Western firms .
He may shadow them for two weeks , gradually getting closer and closer . 
In my blunderings around Enniskillen , I may have inadvertently done some harm , as foreigners do in Communist lands by innocently befriending natives who are then shadowed by the secret police and later imprisoned or shot . 
You may browse in the shops without being shadowed or prodded into buying . 
The elusive creature may be successfully trailed for a time , then disappear for months and even years . 
Warriors still hunt the jaguar in ritualised fashion ; they must stalk it for three days and it may only be killed with a wooden spear . 
This may involve the cross-examination of the witnesses whose evidence is before the hearing authority in the form of hearsay .
The masterpiece was painted by Van Gogh in May 1989 while he was in the asylum at Saint-Rémy .
The manager has the privilege to create new users who , in turn , may then create other new users , building up families with parents and descendants .
The U.S. economy may be on the verge of falling back into recession after more than a year of half-hearted recovery that failed to generate either jobs or hope , according to economists .
The U.S. economy may be on the verge of falling back into recession after more than a year of half-hearted recovery that failed to generate either jobs or hope , according to economists .
The U.S. economy may be on the verge of falling back into recession after more than a year of half-hearted recovery that failed to generate either jobs or hope , according to economists .
A cost-benefit approach may well yield a different result form a purely moral one .
POLICE investigating the death of a man in Glasgow are considering the possibility that it may be drugs-related .
It may be that money worries are behind the disappearnce , but there 's no firm evidence to support that and police are carrying on with the investigation because there may yet be another explanation .
Authorities say the investigation into how it started may take up to three days to finish .
Yet on May 18th , two more Olivetti executives were put under investigation and questioned in Milan .
In May and June 1988 all eight officers under investigation were interviewed under caution .
This may be enough to alleviate the symptoms . 
The difficulty here is that simple lack of stress may also alleviate the symptoms -- so an improvement while on holiday may be a slightly ambiguous result . 
The case for expenditure on health is not in fact furthered by what we are convinced , is the fallacious suggestion that expenditure on health may indirectly help to rehabilitate the finances of the country … . 
A doctor who treats without consent may be guilty of a battery on the patient . 
This may suggest that the treatment of pancreatitis has improved . 
A proportion of hypoxaemic children may be so physiologically compromised late in the course of illness that treatment with oxygen will not prevent death . 
Many are incurable strays which wander off time and time again , many are untrustworthy or dangerously aggressive dogs who may have been thrown out or dumped for this reason . 
Thus , therapy for a particular ailment may specifically be excluded from a policy , whilst surgery would be covered . 
Initial attempts made by the Bangladeshi Government to introduce oral rehydration therapy to the people of Bangladesh ( NORP ) may be regarded as inappropriate . 
In addition , improved therapeutic agents with more specific and controlled effects on platelet metabolism may be developed allowing more effective intervention . 
A marriage may be therapeutic in allowing the Oedipal fixation to be worked through -- and then founder since the needs of the partners concerned have changed . 
Therapeutic counselling for long-term problems -- these may be triggered by the fertility problem and sometimes need outside referral to marital therapy . 
There is the old English custom of dancing around the Maypole to weave leaves back onto the bare branches . 
Studying the history of marriage customs may show that some of today 's reproductive practices may not be as revolutionary as they are sometimes made out to be . 
We formally allow for the possibility that , in certain sectors or establishments , there may be a social custom of membership , sanctioned by a loss of reputation if the custom is not followed . 
The work of Douglas and Isherwood may be related to that Durkheimian pre-structuralist tradition which sees objects as aiding in the creation of a cognitive order based upon social divisions . 
Wishful thinking though this may be , it is necessary at this point to examine the foundations for an enduring tradition associating Handel with an instrument by Ruckers . 
The student should avoid breaking new ground on his own as this may result in the formation of bad habits rather than good ones . 
The English conventions for punctuation for instance , may have some advantages for some purposes , although disambiguating ` sentence " units should not necessarily be taken as a significant one . 
To a degree , the nude may be understood simply as an artistic genre like any other , comparable to landscape or still-life and with its specific conventions and traditions . 
The sonnets may announce a compatibility between poetic convention and authentic expression ; or the sonnets may be the result of Astrophil staying within the muse 's domain , writing in imitation of familiar poetic norms and abandoning the muse 's advice to look for an authentic writing from the heart . 
Smoked turkey may be sliced thickly and eaten hot or served cold , with or in salads ( see p27 ) . 
The Committee may have been relieved to hear that in one case at another institution , the Inland Revenue had decided that officers who took round , for sale , firewood that had been chopped by the inmates , were exempt from the need for a hawker 's licence . 
People who can never dare to move close because of the inevitable withdrawal afterwards may experience little sexual desire . 
Rather does he venture to ask that it should be considered as the conclusion of an imaginative tragedy ( if he may so call it ) whereof one half has been already published . 
You may not want to risk breeding from such a mare , especially if she is getting on in years . 
It was suggested , but never proved , that the deceased gentleman may have had valuables in the house , and that their abstraction was the motive of the crime .
Many analysts now believe the talks are dead , and in early May 2005 there were reports that Washington and Tokyo were preparing to refer the issue to the UN Security Council .
Or we may say we do not want treatment which ` just keeps us alive without any hope of a cure " . 
Demonstrations this winter against Tudjman quickly dissipated ( at the time , he was being treated in the United States for cancer -- he may not live much longer ) .
Or they may be defined in terms of monetary amounts that become payable on the occurrence of a specified event , such as life insurance benefits .
And the parents of two children who drowned in a water tank at an army barracks say they may sue the Ministry of Defence for compensation . 
They may wake from sleep with great fear , agitation and anxiety and a sense of suffocation like in Lachesis . 
It 's bad enough that we may have depleted our inventory of potential presidents by ruling out anyone who lies about sex .
They may not be among the `` best and brightest '' of their generation -- there are very few such people , by definition .
Black tea has been shown to have a preventative effect against skin carcinogenesis in animal models [ 4 5 6 7 8 9 ] . Of particular interest are the accumulating data that reflect similar potential health benefits associated with both the epicatechins of green tea and the theaflavins of black tea [ 10 11 ] . Several mechanisms may be responsible for the anti-initiation and anti-promotion properties of black tea [ 5 10 11 12 13 14 15 ]
For example , they may purchase raw or milled uranium ore from abroad , and then use indigenous facilities to enrich it to weapons - grade material .
It may supply uranium enrichment technology as well , although Iran says this would be used to produce low - enriched uranium only .
Iran may be seeking enriched uranium from Tajikistan .
The disappearances may range in cause from the Roman invasion to the obliteration of a village for an aircraft runway , from sheer neglect to site redevelopment . 
Germany has paid 300 million DM for parts not delivered , but Iran may seek 5 billion DM ( 6573 , 6576 , 6581 , 6930 ) .
Iran is thought to possess a zero - power facility provided by the PRC , and China reportedly supplied small calutrons in about 1987 ; however , one report states that the PRC may not have delivered the calutrons .
Terrorists may seek to obtain greater status or bargaining power by demonstrating that they have the technological capabilities required to develop , produce , and deliver CBW agents .
Yet although small terrorist cells may be more motivated to use CBW and harder for counterterrorism authorities to interdict , they may lack the technical and financial resources needed to produce and deliver CBW agents .
Early in February it was announced that , from May , oil deliveries to Aberystwyth will be by road .
However , some analysts speculate that North Korean scientists were present during Pakistan 's nuclear tests in May 1998 , and that Pyongyang could have obtained a tested bomb design from Islamabad or from Pakistani scientists without government approval .
Certain status changes may only be authorised by senior lexicographers .
The questionable legality of the move may explain why two of the earliest confiscations were authorized by Gloucester personally rather than in the king 's name .
The same difficulty may discourage a teacher from permitting the children to ask too many questions themselves .
There may be a freedom to protest -- but it exists only to the extent that it is permitted by the police .
Generals and admirals may believe , and society may agree , that offences against these regulations should receive unusual penalties which would not be generally sanctioned in private firms .
Any changes which are not disclosed may cause the court not to sanction the scheme if it decides that they would have influenced shareholders on how to vote .
Drug testing also may disproportionally victimise members of racial minority groups whose subcultures sanction casual marijuana smoking , reversing much of the progress that has been made in eliminating employment discrimination .
Since people are not necessarily interchangeable it may be necessary on occasion to depart from the priority order . 
The reason is that if the examiner is reading your script quickly ( and he may have hundreds of scripts to mark ) he may be puzzled and annoyed by your departure from the order of his question . 
It may have inundated lower Egypt , flooded the Nile and swept back the Red Sea waters to permit the escape of the Israelites fleeing from the Pharaoh . 
She may have killed a rabbit in a spot -- a dead-end , for example -- where it prevents her escape by blocking the burrow . 
So that you may vanish away and hide yourself from me ? 
Public organisations do not have freedom to exit from " unprofitable markets " in this way and may have limited controls over inputs , for example , hiring and firing policies , pay levels , and so on . 
By June 15 UN World Food Programme ( WFP ) officials in Nairobi numbered at 400,000 the refugees who had left Ethiopia for Sudan following the overthrow in May of the Mengistu regime . 
On 30 May Ho left by plane for France to work out a settlement . 
However , pollinators arrive and leave en masse , unlike the interlopers , who may thus suffer more from the predators than the pollinators do . 
Reports speculate Iran may be developing centrifuge facilities to enrich uranium at sites such as Moallem Kalayah and Karaj ; however , those providing the reports left during the reign of former Shah Reza Pahlavi .
In addition to known mineralised granites , there are several areas which may warrant exploration .
Many systems may be excellent from a technological point of view , but fail because of a lack of consideration given to ` people " issues . 
However , the August fishing became so appalling that my companion and I decided to try a week in May . 
We may not like the fact that they stop exports -- they affect some of the exports of my constituency -- but they are bloody-minded because they think that they , too , are getting a rotten deal from the CAP . 
` Then may I have an undertaking that if I can manage to put on a show , a stupendous show -- I promise you it will be -- may I then retire from the post ? 
They may not be among the `` best and brightest '' of their generation -- there are very few such people , by definition .
The horse dentist may find other complications such as broken or bad teeth . 
Key data sources for DPRK include defector testimony , which may be unreliable given possibility of deliberate disinformation by double agents and defectors exaggerating what they know , and unclassified estimates by US intelligence agencies , which may have certain biases based on national interest , worst - case expectations , domestic politics , etc. Also , most estimates do not rely on original texts in Korean , which may introduce some errors due to translation issues .
The results may be mediocre , because continuous change results in lack of memorability . 
Though the overall level may not have been as spectacular as it has in years past , the show has built itself quite a substantial following , and most dealers reported ` okay " business . 
I am waiting to hear back from Patti on May and June to make sure they are okay with her .
You may feel that the collection is very incomplete and second-rate . 
A funny creation , it 's probably best to read it first before you change your life , as all it may signpost is another batch of second-rate lifestyle articles . 
Be that as it may , these books are certainly easier to find in fine condition than almost any other kind , even after fifty or sixty years . 
For a small fee , non-guests may use the beach and facilities at a number of Guadeloupe and Martinique hotels—a great convenience for island-hoppers .
A design that departs radically from the ordinary may look great in a museum but fail in the kitchen .
Substandard nursing practice may or may not be the fault of the individual , but it always points to inadequate supervision and teaching . 
A dementia sufferer may be living in substandard accommodation . 
Every care should be exercised in reconstruction , for inferior work may result in considerable distortion . 
Decades of educational research tell us unequivocally that even smaller classes have zero effect on the academic performance of the pupils -- though they may sometimes be desirable for other reasons .
Ed_Henry : Democrats say they also want to signal they 're ready to stand up to the Republican majority and may even filibuster the president 's latest Supreme Court pick Samuel Alito a move that would make these events seem like the opening fireworks in a much nastier battle .
During his four days in Iraq , Hall said he wanted to investigate reports from relief agencies that a quarter of Iraqi children may be suffering from chronic malnutrition .
Ed_Henry : Democrats say they also want to signal they 're ready to stand up to the Republican majority and may even filibuster the president 's latest Supreme Court pick Samuel Alito a move that would make these events seem like the opening fireworks in a much nastier battle .
" Well , " said the inspector with a grave and thoughtful face , " whoever he may have been , and whatever he may have wanted , he 's gone for the present , and we have more immediate things to attend to .
" I want to put you in touch with the situation , as I may need your help to-night .
" My teachers desire me to address this letter to you relative to my education , that you may form some idea what progress I have made in different studies since last Midsummer . 
They may desire not just to make a symbolic point but to physically and completely destroy their enemies .
It is merely my desire that you complete your studies and take up a form of employ that may be useful for my purposes at some time in the future . 
In addition , the desire to keep up a respectable level of income or the desire of the woman to have a job or career , may lead to the woman going to work . 
For the purposes of this tutorial , however , the term `` terrorism '' will be used to describe acts that incorporate the following elements : Intentional or threatened violence directed against civilians or noncombatants ; Actors that are sub - national groups or individuals ( although they may receive financial or logistical support from governments ) ; Motivations that are chiefly political , ideological , or religious ( i.e. , not strictly criminal ) ; Often , some element of symbolism in the choice of target , together with the desire to elicit fear in a larger audience beyond the immediate victims of an attack .
One day we may be able to satisfy all our food longings and still maintain a healthy diet . 
Neither lexicographers nor political theorists can or should hope to halt this process of constant revision , although they may legitimately aspire to guide or nudge it in one direction rather than another . 
Enthusiastic as some of the clergy may have been for war and seduced as they sometimes were by their own eloquence and propaganda for it , they were less eager about the burdens which it entailed . 
They may crave what their stomach is averse to ; indecisive . 
Dashing to and from a busy job , frantically organising family commitments , domestic routines and social life to fit with working lives , we may often crave for the peace and simplicity of a solitary life . 
You may have a yen to go to a real pub . 
Cohen 's caution echoes a warning from the CBI that earlier hopes for a better Christmas on the high street may prove unfounded . 
She was reported missing in May by members of a Mexican expedition of which she was a member , and hopes of her safe return later faded . 
When we destroy this ` genetic bank " we may also kill our hope for feeding our planet in the future . 
It is Joan and Ted 's hope that even now someone may know something that can solve Brian 's murder . 
In welcoming the release of Mr. Waite and Mr. Sutherland , may I express the hope that none of us forget that there are still more hostages whom we wish to see speedily returned to their homes . 
I think that I have seen all that I wish in this house , and that my time may be more profitably employed elsewhere .
It 's anyone 's guess what may happen in the future , but for now Hong Kong bristles with energy and ambition , and for the visitor , this beautiful city with its contrasts and variety is an exhilarating experience .
We may not be very interested in tracing the history of collisions a given atom has with other atoms , as one atom is very much like another .
WOLVES fancy Blackpool forward David Eyres and they could also get a call from Chelsea , who may fancy Mike Stowell to end their search for a goalkeeper . 
On the night of May 5-6 the village of Voskepar , in the north-east corner of Armenia close to the border with Azerbaijan , was razed by Azerbaijani and Soviet troops . 
Stiffened defences beat off several parties and only Mayne and Jordan managed to destroy any aircraft -- twenty-two between them .
Although the U.S. government believes that the BW agent stockpiles have been destroyed , activities that contravene the BWC may continue at a few military biological facilities in Russia .
They may desire not just to make a symbolic point but to physically and completely destroy their enemies .
Be sure to say why owners wish to demolish a building , however strongly you may disagree with their view . 
The fortress 's principal building , which may have been Henry 's headquarters , has been demolished .
About 30 opposition activists , including ex-presidential candidates Nikolay Statkevich and Andrei Sannikov , are still in custody and may face up to 15 years in prison over the election night protests .
They may detain the suspect for 24 hours ( extendable by the prosecutor to 48 hours ) and question him without access to legal advice or notification of his right to maintain silence . 
Izetbegovic was detained by the Serbian forces on his return to Sarajevo from Lisbon on May 2 . 
The arrest was made on 4 May and Gandhi was interned in Yeravda jail . 
In May 1940 , her problems were compounded by an evacuation order which transposed Bunce Court from Kent to Shropshire and by the internment of some of its best teachers . 
These troops have been fighting TITO up till 8 May , when an armistice was agreed on , and by a subterfuge , they have contrived to cross the Drau and accept internment in British prison camps . 
It was clear , incredible as it may seem , that there was a criminal at large on Ward 4 …
Four months later her killer is still at large and detectives are looking at the possibility that she may not have been his first victim
If the suspect is not under arrest he may only be interrogated in the presence of his lawyer . 
The child may discriminate printed letters with the higher lens , but reading may be slow and laborious . 
This may be simply defined as the ability to discriminate highly contrasted figures from a distance . 
For this purpose a test may be used to discriminate those pupils who have attained a higher level from those at a lower level . 
Clearly , compared with our ability to make fine discriminations of perceptual qualities and immediately to recognize and discriminate amidst a profusion of ordinary objects , linguistic description may appear slow and clumsy . 
We must distinguish the two concepts since two processes may share a program of instructions ( or , more generally , any set of computer words which are not altered , such as a table of constants ) . 
It is quite difficult to align all the spacers at the same time and several attempts may be needed . 
They may not always have turned up with what teachers would have wished , but I am sure that there has been a great acceptance of the way in which they have carried out a very difficult task . 
Let us now turn to a less difficult situation where the rule in section 20 may be affected , i.e. where the seller undertakes to deliver the goods . 
An immediate complication is that an impurity is only a minor component of a mixture , and so some regions of its spectrum may be difficult to study . 
Fourth , the theory indicates why the Republican Party may have a difficult time attracting viable candidates for congressional office .
Compared to plutonium - production facilities , the type of HEU production facilities that the DPRK may be developing would be difficult to detect , and therefore , it is difficult to accurately assess the program 's stage of development .
The cause of death is frequently ambiguous and pinning it down to occupational environments , which may have been experienced years or even decades ago , is clearly no easy matter . 
Large solid samples are also easy to study , though the strength of the IR absorption may require the preparation of thin sheets of crystalline or amorphous materials . 
The authors have provided a brief introduction which is easy to follow , a list of suggested readings , and the names and addresses of the several institutions and societies in Britain where readers may indulge a more intensive interest in dialect study .
If the poorer households , motivated by the similar urge for a peaceful nights sleep as their richer counterparts , insist on paying out of pocket for the relatively more expensive protective methods , then it is easy to see that just the act of attempting to prevent mosquitoes from biting may be helping to keep these households from improving their well-being as well as their health status .
It would be easy to dismiss these explanations as being nonsense , but you 'll understand India better if you can appreciate that what each guide is saying may in its own way be true .
Although the majority of the CW stockpile in the North may not be of the more sophisticated and lethal nerve agent variety , it may contain a large quantity of casualty agents such as mustard , phosgene , and Lewisite , all compounds that are relatively easy to manufacture .
There are many package tours to Guangzhou from Hong Kong ( see page 113 ) , and this may be the easiest way to visit the city .
The rights that you do possess may be tricky to enforce . 
The May Hill Stakes , frequently an early guide to the following year 's Classics , is much more tricky to predict . 
Invaluable as this sort of computing may be , the archaeologist 's spade reveals more interesting and mathematically challenging problems . 
The local authority , the White Paper concedes , may have to provide for people ‘ with high levels of dependency or particularly challenging patterns of behaviour … ’ 
It is likely that you are already using some of them ; others may seem to be more challenging . 
In some instances , it may be impossible for the teacher to select appropriate learning activities for a particular pupil without collecting more detailed information .
A speechreader may be on top form and have no problems in understanding unimportant asides or trivial chatter , but at the vital interview panic sets in . 
` These errors may be trivial in themselves , Mr Stevens , but you must yourself realize their larger significance . " 
This may seem like a fairly trivial point to make as all behaviours have a beginning and end -- even sitting still doing nothing . 
The visible action may apparently be trivial -- adjusting one or two of very many available controls -- or may even be non-existent . 
If the conflict is very trivial , it may indeed ` blow over " without an issue being made of it , but if the causes are not identified , the conflict may grow to unmanageable proportions . 
The Mac may be indispensable for the process of design work , but there is a dangerous temptation to think that desktop publishing makes designing on screen a piece of cake .
The specimen is about 3 cm long , but may grow larger 
The face length of a system may be as much as 75 metres long . 
Depths of weathering may exceed 100 m and exceptionally reach 300 m or more . 
The active volcanic belt may consist of a single chain of volcanoes or form a broad belt up to 150 km in width . 
In exceptional cases , under the ` Parliament Act " procedure ( considered below , pp.98-9 ) , it may not even be necessary for the House of Lords to pass the Bill .
May saw steam back west of Shrewsbury with the Severn valley Standard 4 operating a Crewe to Tywyn Service .
Serb and Croat leaders of Bosnia-Hercegovina 's ethnic communities met in Graz ( Austria ) on May 6 to discuss partitioning Bosnia-Hercegovina between Croatia and Serbia . 
Or they may wish to discuss their present lives with each other , and compare how they cope with the problems and difficulties of being old . 
Without entering into discussion as to any other failings the Institute may have , communications is certainly still one of them, and any weakening of the district society network will make this problem far worse. 
Present discussions about overhauling the entire social security and tax systems may well presage such changes (writing in April 1984). 
On other occasions your spokesman may be taking part in a panel discussion . 
List servers may be used to raise issues for a particular discipline or to air thoughts and to stimulate discussion between a whole range of people who will never meet .
On the morning of May 25th , in one of scores of meetings between the administration and House Democrats , Mr Clinton said he would countenance some form of entitlement caps . 
It may be helpful to attend six meetings of Alcoholics Anonymous to see how close is the identification with acknowledged sufferers . 
An opposition communiqué released on May 20 , however , expressed a willingness to hold talks with the government in order to pave the way for a return to democracy .
Four-way talks in Toronto on May 13th-14th , where America and the EC were joined by Canada and Japan , left the habitually optimistic Sir Leon remarking that ` we are now in top gear .
Vieira paid an official visit to France on May 20-22 , 1990 , during which he held talks with President Mitterrand on Guinea-Bissau 's border dispute with Senegal .
The US and Soviet delegations held four sessions of formal talks on May 31 and June 1 .
Economic affairs were high on the agenda during talks with President Gorbachev on May 14 ; at the start of 1989 Mongolia owed the Soviet Union in excess of US$15,500 million .
As of May 2005 , there had been three rounds of six - party talks in Beijing .
Many analysts now believe the talks are dead , and in early May 2005 there were reports that Washington and Tokyo were preparing to refer the issue to the UN Security Council .
6- The call to adhere to Islam in general , and spreading the concept of Jihad specifically , starts with relatives and friends. ( T.C : Koranic verse ) You may not be able to do this , if your work demands extreme secrecy , like Naeem IBn Mas'uud ( May God bless him ) .
The diagnoses of early infection in the male and late infection in the female may be suggested by the clinical findings , the groove sign being very characteristic in the early stages .
But though the camera may be at gut level , a cerebral decision has placed it there , and it is characteristic of Greenaway that he should stylise a major element of his film in this way .
Moreover , groups within a class may have alternative ( received or developed ) cultural , often religious , affiliations which are not characteristic of the class as a whole .
Further , while continuous monitoring may ensure that participants in co-operative R & D ventures do not distort competition , it substitutes administrative action for the public and/or privately initiated judicial-review process which characterizes most antitrust policies .
The growth that has characterized Las Vegas for nearly a century may be facing a roadblock .
Even large animals such as tethered dogs may be blanketed by ants and die from the accumulated shock of ten thousand bites . 
Uncut salami keep perfectly at a cool room temperature and may often be found festooning a delicatessen 's ceiling . 
The force on the mobile charges is still qE but now the charges may follow the electric field all the way around the ring .
The problem is that users are not a homogeneous group and their needs may conflict .
It 's anyone 's guess what may happen in the future , but for now Hong Kong bristles with energy and ambition , and for the visitor , this beautiful city with its contrasts and variety is an exhilarating experience .
This obviously requires the attendance of the witnesses at the trial , and a subpoena may be issued to compel the attendance of those who are within the jurisdiction or in some other part of the United Kingdom .
The series of nuclear tests in 1995 - 96 prior to China 's signature of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty ( CTBT ) may have resulted in a smaller and lighter warhead design for the new generation of intercontinental ballistic missiles ( ICBMs ) now under development .
Hospital chaplains and your own minister may be able happy to support you through stressful and difficult times , particularly if you are working in an emotionally stressful area .
More than 20 helicopters have crashed or been shot down in Iraq since May 2003 , causing the deaths of 129 people , according to Associated Press .
A clone of Sun Microsystems Inc 's Sparcstation 10 model 41 will be released in May , the company says . 
We have already seen that DNA is readily copied from one cell to a new cell , and that chunks of DNA may be copied from one individual to another individual , namely its child . 
This keyword may be duplicated 301 times for different LIFESPAN users . 
There are also handouts , which may be photocopied for personal use . 
The three upper parts of the harmony may be reduplicated at the octave above , and the bass at the octave below . 
The three upper parts of the harmony may be reduplicated at the octave above , and the bass at the octave below . 
As you may know , CPRW produces a Christmas Card each year and we have always chosen to reproduce a painting by a living artist working or residing in Wales . 
( In a later paper , May established that 21 % of articles contained duplication of earlier published results , and 43% were classified as ` trivia " . ) 
The main point was that the total genetic capacity of a species may increase due to gene duplication . 
Do remember that the public may not have your abiding interest in environmental health . 
There are , after all , several senses in which a brief look at the Danish system may bring comfort to a beleaguered ` curriculum manager " in Britain in the early 1990s . 
Physicians should discourage the chronic use of costly systemic drugs whose unwanted consequences may be more troublesome than IBS itself . 
There are many forms that such services may take ; there is excessive reliance on the charity of volunteers to provide services that ought in principle to be publicly funded ; funding problems seem to be chronic . 
Therefore , a reduction in the number of gap junctions may be one of the pathogenic factors in chronic or recurrent gastric ulcers . 
During his four days in Iraq , Hall said he wanted to investigate reports from relief agencies that a quarter of Iraqi children may be suffering from chronic malnutrition .
Statistics -- unpalatable , indigestible and ephemeral though they may be -- tell much of the story of the world 's sudden recognition of the Pacific . 
Introduced in May as an interim currency to overcome the cash shortage [ see p. 38926 ] , the Latvian rouble had the same value as the Russian . 
The only lasting effect it may have is on the careers of some of the people involved . 
Many traumatic events may be overcome without lasting damage if , for instance , the child has a continuous , warm , secure relationship with one parent or parent-substitute . 
I fear that , through momentary inattention , or a moralistic rejection of the evidence , I may have wasted your valuable time . " 
It seems that the picturesque older sections with their old houses , narrow streets , and winding alleyways may not be around much longer .
And as procedures to identify the bacteria responsible for symptomatic infections get better and more rapid , it soon may be quite easy to get this information from individual patients .
Rapid and accurate methods are needed for the diagnosis of Plasmodium falciparum malaria [ 1 2 ] as malaria is estimated to kill between 1.4 and 2.6 million people each year [ 1 ] . WHO South East Asian regional office estimates 19500 deaths due to malaria in India annually [ 3 ] . P. falciparum infections in children may become life threatening making rapid diagnosis of extreme importance [ 4 ] . No clinical diagnostic criteria are both sensitive and specific for malaria , an undifferentiated febrile illness [ 5 ] which may result in the erroneous treatment of millions of non - malaria cases with antimalarial drugs in the absence of diagnostic malaria microscopy .
Although it has been suggested that rapid sexual maturation may have long - term consequences for the development of obesity among women [ 6 ] , our results indicate that it is more likely that childhood obesity influences both menarcheal age and adult obesity .
All in all , planning may have temporarily acted as a catalyst in launching French capital on its dynamic growth path .
In doing so , he may lose sight of the fact that conversational discourse is dynamic , and that his data represents a process .
One patient suffered with transitory lethargy during treatment , which may have been related to radiotherapy .
Children may also show great lethargy and drowsiness .
It may seem odd to fret about this while economies are still sluggish , but in past recoveries governments have often kept their foot on the accelerator too long .
They may be openly on display , or totally hidden by pubic hair .
The grain may be in a pocket , hidden inside a box , or out of sight above the horse on a bird table .
More commonly , however , the adjacent pore space is later occluded by cement ( Fig. 5.35b ) which may render the corrosion , if minor , more difficult to distinguish .
The older boy , leaner and more muscular , has shorter hair and a small skull-cap which may conceal a tonsure .
The ` feel good " factor may only be jolted when you come to a ` Y " junction and curse that thick rear side panel , obstructing the over-the-shoulder rear three-quarter view .
Transaction costs may be higher than in the domestic economy .
Before long Bill Clinton , who is keen on grand visions , may rediscover these ideas and start trying to apply them once more to the global economy .
The U.S. economy may be on the verge of falling back into recession after more than a year of half-hearted recovery that failed to generate either jobs or hope , according to economists .
The U.S. economy may be on the verge of falling back into recession after more than a year of half-hearted recovery that failed to generate either jobs or hope , according to economists .
A simple economic theory may provide at least a partial explanation for the split personality displayed by Americans in the voting booth .
STORYTIME : Michael Hardcastle reads for St Malachy 's PS pupils Lisa Monaghan , 10 , left , Shauna McDermott , 11 , and Geraldine McKiernan at the Youth Libraries Group ` Extravaganza " in Maysfield Leisure Centre 
Decades of educational research tell us unequivocally that even smaller classes have zero effect on the academic performance of the pupils -- though they may sometimes be desirable for other reasons .
( This process , incidentally , may begin much earlier than many secondary teachers suppose . 
Apart from that , one of your law lecturers may be able to help . 
The lecturer may have been 20 years older , wealthier , and inevitably wiser , but that is often why the student chose to sleep with him . 
`` They may ( know ) , but I 'm not sure they have a choice , '' Richard Quick , who will coach the U.S. women at the 1996 Olympics in Atlanta , said Thursday .
Yet another company may be looking to identify target markets and to train its Export Manager in negotiating at high level exclusively in the foreign language .
The boats may appear deceptively primitive , but many of them have their own electric generators and all the modern conveniences .
In addition to feeling threatened by Iraq 's growing nuclear program , these attacks may explain why the Khomeini government ultimately resumed its efforts to continue Iran 's nuclear power program and strengthen its existing nuclear research program -- and ultimately to develop nuclear weapons .
It 's anyone 's guess what may happen in the future , but for now Hong Kong bristles with energy and ambition , and for the visitor , this beautiful city with its contrasts and variety is an exhilarating experience .
It may be due to two or more separate odours , emanating from two or more works , combining to give rise to a statutory nuisance . 
Banging sounds emanating from the boiler may be due to a build-up of scale or to air being drawn into the system . 
It may allow astronomers to observe distant objects that emit extreme ultraviolet light , a type of radiation which is usually absorbed by intervening neutral gas . 
As we grow older , our bodies secrete different pheromones , and consequently a favourite perfume of our youth may seem totally obnoxious to us in maturity . 
A few unusual drugs such as digoxin may be secreted actively by the intestinal mucosa , but this process is unlikely to contribute more than passive diffusion does to the effect of activated charcoal on drug clearance . 
The aerosol droplets have to be just the right size : too big and they may get trapped in noses , too small and they tend to be exhaled without staying in the lungs . 
So simply making up the calcium that astronauts excrete may not ensure that it is laid down properly in new bone . 
During periods of anaerobic carbohydrate metabolism , the worms may also excrete pyruvic acid rather than retaining it for future oxidation when aerobic metabolism is possible . 
The eggs of these parasites are voided in the faeces , and the resulting larvae do represent a slight risk to human health , because they may cause the disease known as toxocariasis . 
Nato may fret over the soul of West Germany . 
His son has gone off to London , and he worries that he may lose touch with him . 
Of course , just as sociologists and poets worry a lot about their actual influence , journalists may often see themselves as hacks and hackettes . 
Clients also worry about discussing their troubles in case they may not be allowed treatment . 
Lexie 's parents are pleased that their efforts may prevent other children dying from the side effects of steroid treatment . 
Nevertheless , your father ( and mother , too for that matter ! ) may well be very pleased if your boyfriend takes the time to have a chat with them . 
FRANCIS Maude may feel sore about losing his seat and his job at the Treasury , but not for long . 
In reality , they may have been more anxious and worried than they showed . 
Rescued dogs are often somewhat nervous of people , and yet may also become excited to see you , when you have been out , for example . 
Residential workers are faced with youngsters who are not only anxious and resentful about family events , but may also be mistrustful of those who try to help them . 
Again , careful handling can reduce many of the problems associated with this temperament , but these traits remain present and may be triggered when the horse is stressed . 
Protagonists of unity may have been despondent about the loss of the EDC and the European Political Community , but were not routed . 
Support for the Greens may have shrunk but it was still at the same level as the Liberal Democrats " , the third party in Parliament , so perhaps Ms Cooke was unduly downcast . 
If you have symptoms that you think may be caused by food intolerance you should not feel affronted if the doctor 's initial questions seem rather personal and irrelevant to the aches and pains being suffered . 
These parents may have been disturbed or overwrought , but this does not necessarily mean that they were mistaken about their child 's illness . 
It is unfortunate that such considerations may be thrust out of view by continuing public -- and perhaps personal -- revulsion towards the concept of child sexuality . 
You may imagine the anguish of the people as this was going on . 
There may be cases where there is parliamentary disquiet over a ministerial proposal and then the minister has a change of mind . 
This last may be a source of considerable disquiet and one might not at first see how such obviously ` immoral " content could be defended as part of a system of morality . 
The elation of witnessing birth may be followed by a sense of disorientation at being a displaced person . 
Experienced subjectively the state may range , depending on the degree of insight retained , from great perplexity and distress to arrogant certainty ; observed objectively the behaviour seems grotesque and incomprehensible . 
The reader may feel perplexity , but the text will not amplify what is there or rewrite itself in a simpler form . 
Whatever perplexities there may be about ontology ( that is , about the nature of the reality described ) there is no perplexity whatever about the procedures . 
The elation of witnessing birth may be followed by a sense of disorientation at being a displaced person . 
Many will therefore appear relaxed and sleepy but some may not remember much of what they were told pre-operatively and may experience disorientation , alarm , pain or occasionally confusion . 
If the teaching is not orientated so that these goals may be reached , then what is achieved will not appear rewarding and so will cause discouragement and frustration ( River 1964 pp 57,170 ) . 
Such old people may have little embarrassment with each other about bodily functions , perhaps less than some husbands and wives because they were the stuff of taken-for-granted childhood . 
Whilst they may be able to rationalize what they have done , there is usually a strong element of disappointment about the broken relationship . 
` This is my wife , May , " Otley replied with a hint of disappointment in his voice . 
You may find your exasperation turns to inspiration 
The ideal of ` each woman in her own house " is certainly one fostered by advertising , and thus it may be , in part , a stereotyped response to the boredom of housework . 
A sense of boredom may cause feelings of inferiority in the sufferer . 
However , if the timing of the mother starting work coincides with other disturbing events such as death of the father , it may well be interpreted as a threatening event and lead to some distress . 
Bavarians are somewhat chagrined that their last hope may lie in distant Berlin , in cool-blooded northern Germany , where the country 's top civil appeals court may hear the case .
No young farm worker enjoys having his leg pulled by taunts of ` yokel " and ` country bumpkin' in pubs and discothèques and eventually he may even become ashamed of admitting to his occupation . 
This may all sound very trivial but it has the effect of making me almost hate my body to the extent that I feel ashamed to let John see me naked . 
Parents bored with the endless repetition of nursery rhymes should pause to consider that this monotonous activity may be giving their children a head start in their education . 
The US is concerned that Iran may have or acquire an unsafeguarded enrichment facility for which it might get parts from Eastern Europe ( PPNN , International Herald Tribune , 1/28/91 ) .
After the operation , you may feel sick or very depressed -- this is the effect of the trauma of the operation and of the anaesthetic . 
The mood by this time may be more depressed , as they start to look at their own problems as opposed to those of their partner . 
Many depressed people just withdraw into themselves , they may sleep a lot in the day but have wakeful nights . 
A depressed person may cry a great deal , show self-pity and lack of interest in the outside world and have no enjoyment of everyday life , even food . 
Since last May many of these same passers-by have come face to face on their TV screens with the agony , desolation and despair of the people of Ethiopia and the Sudan . 
The small number of older ( and younger ) women who gave up paid employment following redundancy to become housewives may also be included in this group of discouraged workers . 
Yet the book is rather difficult to read and the general reader may become discouraged after picking it up , despite the attraction of the illustrations and lay-out . 
They may feel discouraged at the magnitude of the task before them , and gain a sense of achievement and control by isolating parts and dealing with them thoroughly . 
Finally , pupils who perceive that they are unlikely to be selected for anything which is valued may become disheartened and fail to fulfil their potential . 
The Government resolutely refused to comment until in January 1978 we suddenly heard that an exasperated Lord Rosebery had broken off the sale and given Sotheby 's the go-ahead to auction the contents in May . 
I was gratified to see the coverage in May 's issue on musical instruments . 
The character can meet the change head on , in which case we may feel gratified -- or sidestep the new knowledge , try to behave as though everything is the same as before . 
YEOVIL TOWN captain Mark Shail was heartbroken last night over the rash moment which may cost him the chance of playing in the dream FA Cup tie against Arsenal . 
Sometimes our bodies and minds seek excuses to experience griefs that we may have put aside or denied because we could n't face them at the time . 
The public may not be so sympathetic over his recent conviction for drink driving -- he was banned from driving for a year last September . 
If refused , they may feel saddened , disappointed , or inconvenienced , but their self-concept is n't shattered . 
I hope we may be forgiven for feeling a little jubilant , on that beautiful dawn , at the thought that together we had helped to raise over 20,000 for Christian Aid . 
The mystified motorist whose car has gone wrong may know only that it needs repair and that he should take it to a mechanic : his competence to deal with the matter may go no further . 
But they are also nervous that the calculations they make in the next two weeks may determine who will win and lose the political battles of the next two years . 
Flaps are described in detail for the many pilots who do not fully understand how to make the best use of them , and who may be nervous about their first flights in a flapped machine . 
Rescued dogs are often somewhat nervous of people , and yet may also become excited to see you , when you have been out , for example . 
That may not , however , be enough for the offended partner . 
I confess I feel perplexed to find that any communication which you may have had with Mr Blair should lead you to think that I would consent to preach at Kildalton as a candidate . 
Where , for instance , remuneration is linked to earnings per share , managers have an interest in increasing short-term profits , which may be detrimental to investment and the company 's long-term value . 
The worrying thing is that one of the Sunday papers said Leeds may renew their interest in ` Spit " junior after Gobber Ferguson had reduced his asking price . 
Key data sources for DPRK include defector testimony , which may be unreliable given possibility of deliberate disinformation by double agents and defectors exaggerating what they know , and unclassified estimates by US intelligence agencies , which may have certain biases based on national interest , worst - case expectations , domestic politics , etc. Also , most estimates do not rely on original texts in Korean , which may introduce some errors due to translation issues .
However , the US expresses concerns that Iran may purchase stockpiled plutonium from North Korea ( 6840 ) .
However , the US expresses concerns that Iran may purchase stockpiled plutonium from North Korea ( 6840 ) .
They may be quietly simmering over something they feel very strongly about . 
And the May month flaps its glad green leaves like wings ,
These fast update mechanisms may be referred to as the hold and terminate facilities and they have an important role in eliminating the drudgery of recruitment administration .
It is not that Jesus viewed women with ambivalence , but his emphasis on the superior value of the spiritual may have placed women more than men in an ambivalent relationship to the divine .
Some differences , such as a lower emphasis on training , may be within their influence .
Although a CU may have implications for both internal and external economies of scale , the emphasis is normally placed upon the technical aspect of internal economies .
The rejection of the newly mobile toddler may be accentuated if another baby is born at this time .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
In such cases staff from the different areas may themselves become involved in teaching sub-groups of their own students exercises relevant to their particular area or specialism .
At both extremes of anorexia or bulimia the sufferers may use medications to induce vomiting or to reduce body fluid or to purge themselves either with laxatives or enemas or both . 
incomplete emptying of the bladder ( especially in older men , who may have enlargement of the prostate gland ) ; 
But it may be difficult to disarm the region .
The local negotiations , though unlikely to bring about major troop withdrawals or serious disarmament , may lead to breathing space between the two sides or a reduction in the number of clashes in some areas .
Note:If appropriate an estimate of fees may be provided couched with suitable caveats , and the person who is to settle the fees specified . 
Profitability or , as some may prefer , greed was the dynamic -- plus , to be fair , a romantic enthusiasm for railways as the most vivid expression of man 's capacity to master his environment . 
More difficulty has been encountered when the jurisdictional requirements are phrased subjectively , with no requirement as to reasonableness , such as ‘ if the Minister thinks fit , necessary , he may … . ’ 
It really should not strike you as odd that I have been enquiring into your affairs -- if I may so phrase it . 
Your language may , in reality , be somewhat more forceful than can be printed here but , however you phrase it , you have in effect made a report . 
Criterion statements which are ambiguously worded or imply broad domains may suggest a range of test items of varying difficulties . 
I tell you this sister only that you may be warned and not endanger your dear son 's health or put your husband to an unnecessary and useless journey .
His award may be enforced as if it were a judgment of the court , and there is a limited right of appeal from his award to the High Court on a point of law .
And , in the `` it may not sound like progress but it is '' department , Utah residents overturned a 102-year-old law limiting the property rights of married women , and South Carolinians struck the miscegenation ban from the state constitution .
But High Winds are now forecast and the entire team may soon have to evacuate the mountain with or without him 
Key data sources for DPRK include defector testimony , which may be unreliable given possibility of deliberate disinformation by double agents and defectors exaggerating what they know , and unclassified estimates by US intelligence agencies , which may have certain biases based on national interest , worst - case expectations , domestic politics , etc. Also , most estimates do not rely on original texts in Korean , which may introduce some errors due to translation issues .
According to U.S. government estimates , Iran can produce 1,000 metric tons of agent per year and may have a stockpile of at least several thousand metric tons of weaponized and bulk agent .
Some practitioners complained that it was to difficult to estimate in advance and could lead to aggressive underpricing which may affect the quality of the work .
Still , the U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency ( DIA ) estimated in May 1979 that North Korea had only a defensive capability in CW , while noting that its development of offensive chemical weapons would have been the next logical step .
It may , of course , be easier to quantify risk for natural hazards because of historical records and statistical estimation of recurrence intervals .
Attempts by police to prevent protesters from other parts of the country from reaching the city lead to the death of a student on May 20 as he sought to evade a police cordon .
Remaining silent may allow fish to evade these predators , but it is no defence against sharks and barracudas .
PARIS ( AP ) --- French authorities trying to catch a terrorist bomber are coming to grips with an unpleasant thought --- their No. 1 suspect may have quietly given them the slip .
It may have inundated lower Egypt , flooded the Nile and swept back the Red Sea waters to permit the escape of the Israelites fleeing from the Pharaoh . 
Satisfactory though casing may be for books which a careless age does not expect to be long-lived , it can not compare in craftsmanship and durability with the old method properly practised . 
There may have only been just under 500 runners , and it may never rival the London Marathon , but it was good to see this significant part of the running world back on the map again . 
Sberbank , which was 150 years old in 1992 , may never rival Deutsche , but it has life in it yet . 
As concern for the environment grows , this area may eventually come to rival the Darwinian revolution as a subject for scholarly analysis . 
Such communication may be concerned with anything and everything which happens within and around that organisation . 
It 's anyone 's guess what may happen in the future , but for now Hong Kong bristles with energy and ambition , and for the visitor , this beautiful city with its contrasts and variety is an exhilarating experience .
However these choices will only occur if the correct words are contained in the list of alternative candidate words , which may not be the case . 
Moreover , because it occurs unexpectedly it may well cause a temporary panic . 
The most serious border incident for several years was reported to have occurred on May 22 in the Demilitarized Zone . 
If this reconstruction is sound , Oswiu 's encounter with Fín occurred at about the time that he may have been seeking Irish support against the forces of Penda . 
Peripheral sensitisation may also occur . 
The trial took place in Westminster Hall in May that year .
Ed_Henry : Democrats say they also want to signal they 're ready to stand up to the Republican majority and may even filibuster the president 's latest Supreme Court pick Samuel Alito a move that would make these events seem like the opening fireworks in a much nastier battle .
Repeated attempts to provoke an attack may cause the symptoms to disappear altogether . 
Ignore the fact that a nut may be weakened by repeated use as hammer . 
Use as a medicine : The repeated episodes of anxiety stimulate secretion of adrenalin and this may be used subconsciously as a stimulant . 
The story may be true since instances of such zeal are well attested for Christian antiquity . 
Though the figures may well be inaccurate , they attest the contemporary impression that even local forces could be very large , at least in time of emergency . 
The only benefit of the invasive strategy was revealed by exercise tolerance tests performed at 42 days and these suggest that there may be fewer patients with positive exercise tests in the invasive group . 
An independent audit , published on May 6th , showed the budget deficit spinning out of control and the country moving into recession . 
The Marshall case also serves to show how a case decided in the European Court may become a force to bring about change in national law within member states . 
To bear and deny depression at the same time may seem like yet another paradox , but my diaries testify that somehow I managed to do both . 
These results may testify to the attributes of the equipment acquired and the proficiency of foreign trade organisations in tailoring purchases to real needs . 
While an acquittal does not falsify police results , may we not regard a conviction as verifying them ? 
The results of the experiment may disprove a theory and it will then be abandoned with another . 
In a sense this may be thought to contradict what I said in chapter 1 , where the emphasis was on the evident synchroneity of particular deposits , particularly carbonates . 
Again , that this is the case is not contradicted by the fact that , in many spheres , I may have much more in common with first world men than with third world women . 
But he may not have the power to overrule the precedents ; in any case , reasons of strategy argue against this .
The primary support for the pelvic organs comes from the pelvic floor muscles [ 1 2 ] . This suggests that an alteration to the levator ani supportive function may significantly contribute to the pathogenesis of PFD [ 3 ] , which affect 5% of younger and nearly 50% of elderly women [ 2 ] . In women , the levator muscles form a horizontal shelf with an anterior midline cleft ( the urogenital hiatus ) through which the urethra , vagina , and rectum pass .
The evidence that adolescent diet may affect the risk of breast cancer derives from several lines of evidence [ 1 ] . Rates of breast cancer among Asian immigrants to the United States do not approach those of US white women until the second or third generation , suggesting that exposures during childhood and adolescence are important in establishing a higher risk of breast cancer [ 2 3 ] . Norwegian women who were adolescents during World War II , when average caloric intake decreased by 22% , have a reduced incidence of breast cancer , suggesting that energy restriction might affect risk [ 4 ] . Similarly , in animal models , energy restriction in the peripubertal period inhibits mammary tissue proliferation and reduces the subsequent risk of mammary tumors [ 5 6 ] . Exposure of rats to carcinogens before first pregnancy increases the incidence of mammary tumors compared with exposure after first pregnancy [ 7 ] . After differentiation of the mammary gland at the time of first full-term pregnancy of the rat , the rate of cell division decreases and length of the cell cycle increases , allowing more time for DNA repair [ 8 ] . This biologic phenomenon might explain the apparent vulnerability of the adolescent breast tissue to carcinogenic exposures .
Those inhabiting English 's linguistic core may find the phrase cloying , but its popularity in finance and sport , and in the English spoken by non-native speakers , suggests that its colonizing power remains robust .
The distribution of metastases suggests skip lesions and peppering [ 3 5 6 ] . Predicting the lymphatic spread from cancer of the oral tongue can help in choosing the appropriate surgical procedure and may also help in predicting the outcome .
Current evidence suggests that lepidopteran baculoviruses may be divided into two phylogenetic groups based on the envelope fusion proteins of budded virions [ 3 ] .
Interestingly , the marginal decrease in the total surface area due to deletion of four residues in the β7-β8 loop does not account for the dimer instability , thus suggesting that polar interactions of residues in the β7-β8 loop of p51 with the palm subdomain of p66 may play a role in conferring stability to the heterodimer .
This may suggest that the possible role of Ruv protein is making a break into dsDNA [ 33 ] .
Data from studies of in vivo and in vitro filopodia formation suggest that they develop as a reorganization of the dendritic network in which they exist [ 29 30 ] . In the presence of proteins that bundle and reorganize actin filaments into filopodial precursors , the de-localization of Arp2/3 and other leading edge components may lead to the formation of filopodia , which are then elongated as described above .
Their travel patterns and information from family members suggest that the four may have been in contact with each other as early as the fall of 1999 .
This may indicate that the settlements of eastern England were also large and dispersed .
IN May , June and November three eclipses falling in the money market of your chart indicate a degree of changeability .
But a hundred things should have indicated to you that my father is a figure of unusual distinction from whom you may learn a wealth of things were you prepared to be more observant . "
Fourth , the theory indicates why the Republican Party may have a difficult time attracting viable candidates for congressional office .
Type of fixation may influence the accessibility of the PCNA protein to antibody detection although results from other studies do not support this conclusion .
To speak as I have of meteorite ` concentrations " may conjure the wrong image .
Candidates offering ` AS " level French may be required to take a language aptitude test . 
If you are sitting the new Intermediate examination in May 1993 , you will already be aware that group financial statements attract a 35% weighting in the Financial Reporting syllabus . 
The case for a compulsory examination at 16+ seems increasingly weak ( and the fact that such examinations are not mentioned in the Secretary of State 's prospective for his newly invented Technology Colleges may reflect this ) . 
For example , she may be required to take an assessment of her nursing skills for examination purposes during the allocation , and may need extra help for this purpose . 
The House may expel members whom it considers unfit to serve .
Grubby little man he may be -- he shits in my presence without embarrassment -- yet in his thought I perceive he is fastidious . 
The eggs of these parasites are voided in the faeces , and the resulting larvae do represent a slight risk to human health , because they may cause the disease known as toxocariasis . 
Those affected may be vomiting many times a day and may also be abusing laxatives . 
Though other practices may interpret and implement the community care reforms in different ways , I hope that some of the lessons we have learnt will be useful .
Six weeks after Lancaster 's execution , on 2 May 1322 , parliament assembled at York to set the seal on the royalist victory . 
As tempting as this interpretation may be , this observation is relegated to the notes section because it constitutes a horrible abuse of terminology—there is only so far that such tonal analogies can go before they begin to hide any true analytical insight behind misused terms .
In some patients , subjective relief may also be associated with a measurable increase in exercise tolerance and mobility [ 50 51 ] .
During exercise , slow twitch motor units serving oxidative fibers are recruited first during moderate exercise , and motor units serving glycolytic fibers are recruited later and during more severe exercise [ 1 ] . This is in contrast to electrical stimulation of sufficient intensity where all motor units are thought to be activated simultaneously [ 31 ] . The larger regional difference in VEGF mRNA signal after electrical stimulation may be due to the fact that this protocol was more metabolically demanding than the treadmill exercise protocol , or indeed because the rat muscle was hypoxic during electrical stimulation .
However , there may be cause for some optimism for the average mortal , since endurance exercise training in healthy humans leads to fiber - type specific increases in the abundance of PGC-1 and PPAR-? protein in skeletal muscle ( Russell et al .
And you may even enjoy the exercise .
The idea for the tongs may not even exist as a sketch ; simply as a concept in the smith 's mind .
In addition to feeling threatened by Iraq 's growing nuclear program , these attacks may explain why the Khomeini government ultimately resumed its efforts to continue Iran 's nuclear power program and strengthen its existing nuclear research program -- and ultimately to develop nuclear weapons .
There may also exist a small number of independent Shehab-2 or -3 units of battalion size .
They may not be among the `` best and brightest '' of their generation -- there are very few such people , by definition .
As of May 2005 , there had been three rounds of six - party talks in Beijing .
Many analysts now believe the talks are dead , and in early May 2005 there were reports that Washington and Tokyo were preparing to refer the issue to the UN Security Council .
I may add that Miss Burnet 's age and character make it certain that my first idea that there might be a love interest in our story is out of the question .
There may be a hundred crimes in the background , but it is only on this one that they can be tried . "
In the next few decades , unless Japan somehow manages to arrest current trends , it may find that its share of global economic output has shrunk considerably .
For example , people with social difficulties may anticipate that there will be nobody at the party who will talk to them . 
Mr Knight anticipates that over the next few years manufacturing capacity will expand and business may be further developed via a joint venture . 
But with the United Nations anticipating the need for one thousand tonnes of food a day , any aid may come to late to prevent some people from starving . 
It may even have been that John , anticipating his imminent doom , ratified some such arrangement , perhaps in the ceremony at the Jordan . 
This may make any savings you anticipate by remortgaging immaterial in the long run . 
The real interview may run a very different course from the one you anticipated , and you do not want to develop the subconscious belief that it can only go one way . 
We may have to await reports from the British Association and the Royal Society of Arts , the Engineering Fellowship and other bodies before the necessary sea change occurs . 
I will await you outside so that this matter may be finalized 
The Princess of Wales may have foreseen the latest controversy over her marriage in the stars . 
The Cabinet changes predicted for some weeks were announced on May 20 . 
The relationship between soil temperature and root longevity needs to be more firmly established , and rates of fine root mortality may not be as predictable in other ecosystems as they are in the forests we studied . 
The Town Moor draw 's favours are so unpredictable that you may as well stick to choosing a horse for its name alone . 
Many unpredictable issues may emerge which are difficult to plan for at this stage . 
And that may in the end prove inadequate for any unforeseeable expenses . 
The food may not live up to expectations , but the fantasy environment makes up for it .
Watching : `` Hollywood Movie Trailers And Teasers : State Of Play ( 2009 ) '' ( http://twitthis.com/nvnnfc ) I was waiting to hear back but I can do the show tomorrow and the May UG 933 lol you were right , Armageddon ( aerosmith ) was the first song Caught My Eye : `` Kindle 2 Causing Eye Strain ?
ULSTER may be in the grip of recession , but our house prices are still the most affordable in Britain , a survey revealed today . 
` The digital camera may also become affordable during the year . 
It may seem a lot to you , but for a cast-iron story that might bring down a government , it 's cheap at the price , believe me . 
Getting there may be the costliest part of the holiday ; hotel or motel rates compare very favourably against Euro prices , and eating out is still cheap in comparison to most U.K. restaurant tabs . 
DIY superstores tend to be a little cheaper for plumbing goods , but you will be lucky to get any advice and you may not find unusual fittings . 
There are so many on the market that many horse owners tend to use the cheapest supplement they can find , but this may not be the best . 
Today , computers are small , portable and cheap , and may be programmed by schoolchildren with an ease and assurance that terrifies their parents . 
Taking such a decision although costly in staff time , may over criticism that exhibition hours are designed to suit the staff rather that the public ! 
The systems may have been highly effective in preventing PG , but were costly in fencing and labour and are little used nowadays . 
( Moreover , since it is costly to acquire information , it may be socially desirable to allow an element of slack . ) 
Indeed effective use of tribunals may be more expensive to a claimant . 
Talk may be cheap , but her time is expensive , and , unless I pay her , she prefers to stay right where she is . 
They may seem inexpensive , but a will is a legal document and should be drawn up carefully and signed and witnessed in a particular way . 
If you 're faced with a slippery floor problem , it is inexpensive these days to get exhibition contractors to supply some cheap carpeting and you may want to investigate this option . 
A half - hour tour costs HK$50 ; pay at the end , or the driver may cut your trip short .
It 's thought he may have fallen and hit his head on the kerb . 
` We may only hurt ourselves . " 
You may hurt yourself when you hit the ground , or your opponent may be so close that he or she can hit you immediately . 
Chapman may have been seeking to ease the pressure on his players , but if he did entertain hopes of the Double , they were dashed when James injured a knee at Upton Park over Easter . 
Fourth Division leaders Southend may face Scarborough without Bennett , who broke his nose in a two-goal display against Tottenham . 
Emilio Butragueno , who twisted an ankle in earning the first of three penalties , may not be fit for the European Cup first leg in Milan next week . 
` Are you afraid I may burn my fingers ? " 
They may despise the lower strata whose members may well find such behaviour offensive . 
He dreaded the thought of having to spend three weeks in the middle of the kitchens , never once out of the maýtre chef de cuisine 's sight , but he accepted there was no alternative . 
When they are tired , exhausted or not feeling well they may envy patients the care they give them . 
Whoever he is , I envy him , no matter how sick he may be . 
Boys may come to envy the womb , just as girls first envy the male penis . 
The old person may fear being cut off , and the family may feel they are abdicating responsibility , experiencing some guilt . 
It is feared that the year may prove to be the worst on record 
El - Baradei is , however , weary of pursuing such a hard line against Iran , as he fears that exerting too much pressure may cause Iran to opt out of the NPT altogether .
To entice a man in cold blood with the object of murdering him is another , whatever danger you may fear from him .
Or you may be grieving for your partner or client . 
You may feel so attached to your baby that you loathe the thought of leaving him . 
The electorate may loathe the Tories , but it has yet to learn to love Labour . 
` May I also put it on record that I love you for your mind ? " said Leo earnestly . 
They may still be mourning the loss of the parent who has died or left home . 
When I catch them , may God pity them , for I 'll not ! " 
` There was a time when I slightly resented that , but I realise now that you may as well sit back and enjoy it . 
Patients often feel a responsibility for junior nurses and may resent the intrusion of another person whose presence inhibits their relationship with the learners . 
Despite the fact that it is a basic right to know how you are doing , most people are starved of feedback ( see page 63 ) and may even resent it when they get it . 
They may resent patients who rouse these confused feelings . 
No less important , the choice of 2nd May had left no time to consult them beforehand and they resented what appeared to be an arbitrary order . 
Just as you may resent being disturbed in the college library , so fellow students do n't enjoy being interrupted in the middle of some important piece of work . 
For example , it has been suggested that sons or daughters may resent a situation in which they find themselves forced to be ` in charge " of a formerly dominant parent . 
Similarly , the changing of domestic roles proves complex : while some wives may welcome more domestic help from their retired husbands , others will resent it as an intrusion into their sphere of control in daily life . 
The need to work for a living is widely recognized , but the necessity to do so may have often been bitterly resented by many people over the years . 
They allow others to make their decisions for them , even though they may resent it later . 
Being disenchanted with life , they may resent those who are contentedly coping with things as best they can and are making a good job of it . 
It may mean ` this is a role which was ascribed to me as a woman and which I resented " . 
Partners may resent or fail to understand a drop in income important to maintaining a certain lifestyle . 
It 's in my mind , grandfather , that Lachlan may rue the day he called in on Marion Aluinn again ! " 
Peyton may have decided to have Godfrey killed both because of his ` betrayal " and to stir up hatred against the Catholics , on whom suspicion would inevitably fall . 
I think yes there may well be an apathy and one should challenge that , but we do n't want people to be unwise with their love and compassion . 
He may have taken pity on her and bought her a drink , at the same time buying a little companionship for himself , easing the ache of his loneliness . 
In order to do this , you may find that first you need to look at your feelings of anger and resentment at your partner for denying you the ordinary experience of conception and pregnancy . 
The private delicts of one group may well be public crimes in another society , or acceptable social behaviour in a third , especially when the abhorrence of certain social behaviour wanes over time . 
Children may be in fear or worried about what teacher or parent might say . 
` We are worried that fireworks may be made available in shops to children under the age of 16 . 
You may find that older dogs are nervous under these circumstances , if they have never been on a train or bus before , and you should always try to reassure them with your tone of voice . 
They may not be unduly apprehensive about climate change , but they know about the greenhouse effect and how the state of the world and their own localities impinges on their lives . 
Any accountants with deep-rooted sea-dog tendencies might be interested to hear about the Accountants ' Sailing Challenge , to be held in Poole Harbour on 28 May .
Readers less familiar with these studies may be interested to weigh their own experience against the research evidence .
They may view extreme violence as divinely sanctioned and the fulfillment of God 's commandments .
Those who are removed from the Register by the Professional Conduct Committee or Health Committee and are aggrieved by that decision may appeal to the appropriate Appeal Court for the part of the UK in which they reside . 
Employees aggrieved by the actions of their employers may seek redress through the courts or at an industrial tribunal . 
It may perhaps be more difficult to alarm him than it would be to alarm the vulnerable persons whom the offence is principally designed to protect . 
If you are too domineering in your handshake ( and this may be to overcompensate for nerves ) you will antagonize the interviewer who will subconsciously feel threatened on his/her own territory . 
FOR those baffled by a smoky or cracking chimney , a new free booklet may be able to offer some help . 
When I last looked , Stephen Edell was the Building Society Ombudsman and it may not cheer the Woolwich to know that he will be getting a copy of this . 
The news will delight and horrify Wedding Present fans in roughly equal measures is that the band may follow up ` Ukrainski Vistupi V Johna Peela " some time in the future . 
Failure may motivate the bright and able child yet discourage and handicap the child who is already doing poorly . 
He may have been genuinely distressed by the pain he was causing me -- something he later confessed he had deliberately provoked , with subtle sadism masquerading as friendly frankness . 
Half-heard rows may distress them more ; the fantasy of what is going on downstairs may well be worse than the reality . 
His genuine desire to make up may be interpreted as an attempt to embarrass or be-little . 
Certain cities cast a bewitching spell on people -- no matter how fond you may be of country life or seaside resorts , Italy 's cities are just the type to enchant . 
On May 13 he had enraged the opposition by dismissing the president and vice-president of the National Electoral Board and naming César Polack Romero to be its new head . 
With earache children may screech out , can not keep still with the pain and may be violently excited by it . 
The spectacle of extreme cruelty appals , it also fascinates , it may obscure the sin , which then acquires the dignity of a mystery . 
However , as he wrote in the following May , it galled him to be expected to do so and still to be refused admission to the members ' enclosures at smart meetings . 
On the contrary his heart may be gladdened by the new and heady sense of actuality that accompanies this type of study . " 
A version of it may have heartened the Normans in 1066 ; and it is even possible that the earliest surviving version was composed in Normandy . 
Shareholders may not be too heartened by such promises . 
Yorath reports no injury worries and he was further heartened last weekend when Rumania , who thrashed the Welsh 5-1 in May , could only manage a draw at home to Czechoslovakia . 
The temptation is , of course , to impress management with national press coverage , but this may not always be the most effective . 
They are often not very confident ( however they may appear ) and always want to impress their friends by their unpleasant exploits , so that they feel wanted and accepted by the in-crowd -- just like Herod . 
An important point here is that existing school staff may have little experience of using microcomputers for information retrieval and the school librarian needs to impress the staff by her/his ability in using the microcomputer . 
The BBC may sometimes infuriate , anger , concern or annoy . 
If you are late you may irritate the interviewer or lose your appointment altogether . 
If his generosity was occasioned by concern at the growth of Edmund 's cult , and its connection with Swegen and taxation , it may have been principally an attempt to mollify the opposition by making much of patronising the saint himself . 
There is no point in complaining ; they may try to mollify you in their irritatingly good English , but they will not have a clue what you are so anxious about . 
So do n't hesitate to ask them about anything that may be worrying or puzzling you . 
The reason is that if the examiner is reading your script quickly ( and he may have hundreds of scripts to mark ) he may be puzzled and annoyed by your departure from the order of his question . 
She was very badly shaken and may never go out alone because of her ordeal . 
At the age of 21 -- with real fears that he may never work again -- Mike is a statistic that should shame John Major . 
The T&G , which may yet be shamed into balloting its members , has made no secret of its backing for Smith on the basis that he has a ‘ movement background ’ . 
This is an unpleasant discovery which may shock you into giving up and returning to the relative comfort of Stage 1 . 
It was not until the middle of May that I discovered what it was that had so stimulated my friend . 
If you visit the show next week and note down all the East Anglian exhibitors , it may surprise you what the nursery people from this area do to put on this wonderful show . 
` It may surprise you to learn that it was a serious question , " said Adam . 
You may surprise yourself by how good your qualifications are when you look at them closely . 
The accused also might not be able to call witnesses who saw the damage-causing driver , because that driver may have terrified the witnesses to prevent them from giving evidence . 
Today , computers are small , portable and cheap , and may be programmed by schoolchildren with an ease and assurance that terrifies their parents . 
That may unnerve Democrat lawmakers whom Mr Clinton is relying on to vote his proposals into law . 
I may unnerve you by saying that many of us err in this . 
The noise may have unsettled Kyle , for he bogeyed the 8th . 
A baby which cries when left alone is not satisfied when any other member of the species comes along to comfort it , but may be more upset by seeing a strange person . 
If your child finds reading difficult , do n't provide books aimed at younger children because he may be bored by them even though he can understand them . 
The matter has now so vexed the senior levels of the Bank that on May 25th Lewis Preston , the bank 's president , was asked to intervene . 
This film may be a shocker , but as well as being very sexy it 's also pretty funny at times . 
`` The campaign is a shocker --- telling people that if they do n't start eating good fresh bread , it may disappear , '' she said .
This creates the dilemma illustrated in the project discussed above , of appearing to meet local needs when in fact such actions do little about the real causes of social problems and may indeed aggravate them by uprooting local leaders . 
You may be fully in control in your own home and yet be tormented by feelings of insecurity at work . 
It is indeed the room which interests them -- the room , the space , into which a Trans-Siberian stowaway may be fitted . 
Their size alone is enough to intimidate any other animal that may threaten them . 
In the Yale study subjects were interviewed before and after a search , unlike previous surveys where subjects may have been asked to recall or generalize on their use of the catalogue after the event .
This attentional failure may be caused by a lowering of arousal level , which may be temporarily counteracted by the subject exerting special efforts to remain awake .
This hypothesis predicts that females with autoimmunity may be particularly prone to this mechanism of ` inadequate tolerization ' by virtue of extremely skewed X- chromosome inactivation .
Do n't just include music from the 30s and 40s -- some residents may like light classical or early music , others may be jazz buffs . 
Film buffs may like to know that Forman 's Amadeus was filmed here in the Nostic Palace . 
Opera buffs may revel in the music and enjoy the backstage back-biting but this is a plot too sprawling and undisciplined even for Wagner . 
It may need to be tailor-made , and therefore it 's best left to the experts . 
More than 150 nuclear safety experts from 36 countries met in Vienna on May 14-18 to exchange information on operating experience at nuclear plants and to analyse new dimensions in nuclear safety . 
Some experts believe that cutting down on dairy products may help . 
But aviation expert Peter March claims pilot error may not be too blame . 
The PRC is reportedly providing Iranian nuclear experts with know-how and design information , some of which may be related to fissile material production and weapons development ( 6930 ) .
The PRC is reportedly providing Iranian nuclear experts with know-how and design information , some of which may be related to fissile material production and weapons development ( 6930 ) .
Even though electronic espionage may cost U.S. firms billions of dollars a year , most are n't yet taking precautions , the experts said .
Expert skills may be related to the tangible , like bookbinding or open-heart surgery , or the more intangible , like negotiation or ability to analyse . 
Higher cuffs generally give more support in rough terrain , but the more experienced user may prefer the greater mobility offered by lower cuff designs . 
Previous research with North Indian master drummers has suggested that computers may be able to throw some light on these processes . 
Armed with some or , very rarely , all of the above resources , presidents may achieve some degree of mastery over the American political system . 
The second part considers how interactions between the child and her linguistically more competent caretakers may create privileged opportunities for language learning , and thereby constitute a form of environmental support for the child 's mastery of language . 
Also , there may be confusion if winches and cars fitted with the power-limiting device become common , and launch heights will suffer until both pilots and drivers are familiar with the new system . 
The relationship between an SCFG and a covariance model is analogous to the relationship of hidden Markov models ( HMMs ) and profile HMMs for modeling multiple sequence alignments [ 18 19 24 ] . A comparison may be instructive to readers familiar with profile HMMs .
Those who are not familiar with feminist writings may find it useful and interesting to consider a book , recently published in Britain , that is typical of the harsher brand of such works .
You may be versed in necromancy , and steeped in alchemy , and schooled in the ancient cruel arts of your realm . 
At the opposite end of the table , Bangor may struggle again and their cause has n't been helped by the loss to Cliftonville of ace striker Johnny Poole . 
An expensive composite construction may be very fast , easy to lug about ashore , but will it stand the knocks of inexperienced users or being dragged across the pebbles or concrete sides of a reservoir ? 
With students who are inexperienced in investigating , it is likely that frequent discussion may be necessary . 
If you have become fairly proficient at the nose-in hover , you may find that this figure is easier to perform by standing with your back to the wind and taking off and landing in the nose-in position . 
At first glance this may seem a tedious and unnecessary task , for any nurse aspiring to teach others ought to be sufficiently proficient at nursing not to require this kind of reminder . 
Young readers taught by an approach that stresses decoding ( accurate word-for-word reproduction of what is on the page ) may fail to become proficient readers . 
Later , as the student becomes more proficient , she will provide her own feedback and the teacher may delay or withhold comments . 
Mayne 's prowess as an officer of rare quality was recognized by the almost unprecedented award of four DSOs . 
To an incoming Minister , who may owe his appointment more to adeptness in handling argument on paper or on the floor of the House of Commons , such inhibitions can come as an unwelcome surprise . 
By May 1987 McFarlane was describing them to the Baltimore Sun as ` incompetent Coca-Cola bottlers and clerks " . 
In the same way , girls ( as part of the same process ) can be socialized to assume a posture of physical ineptitude even when it may be inappropriate . 
His partner may be much more knowledgeable . 
The student may therefore be held responsible , but not accountable , for her actions , until she becomes sufficiently knowledgeable and experienced , and hence qualified . 
And while it may be that the tragic case of the disappearing baronet is one that appears to defy all logic , it is not a case that defies the world 's greatest detective . 
The increased concentration and urokinase in malignant tissues may partly explain the finding of increased concentrations of urokinase in malignant ascites .
This may explain why Držić was known as “ the Croatian Molière ” .
Similar mechanisms may account for other cancers of the reproductive organs .
For all that , I conclude that the postulated underlying rules for development may usefully account for some of the variation in human sexual behaviour and possibly even the variation in marriage laws .
Variable patterns of formaldehyde exposure may well account for this inconsistency in relation to other workers in formaldehyde-based industries .
Methodological differences may partly account for the discrepancy between these studies .
Lesbians ' low social profile may partly account for this .
Incomplete recording may partly account for the low rates of sickness absence among those in the highest grades , but it is unlikely to explain the large differences between other grades .
` Yes , which may upset her , as you can imagine , although at least it fully accounts for the bleeding .
This may have accounted in part for their reluctance to promote the growth of radio while at the same time encouraging the development of a press based in Dar es Salaam .
Over the past decade in Britain with increasing polarization we have indeed seen membership declining , but the rising real wage that has been observed may be accounted for by higher productivity .
It may well be , however , that this approach misses important explanatory factors which account for why the military-industrial complex has developed .
From the point of view of explanation , moral and ideological features of social life can be treated as legitimizing devices which may facilitate but do not account for what is really going on .
" I think that the strange creature in the kitchen may account for it .
In sum , at both the federal and state government levels at least part of the seemingly irrational behavior voters display in the voting booth may have an exceedingly rational explanation .
According to the anti-IED task force 's most recent numbers , from May to July this year , soldiers found 2,049 roadside bombs before they exploded .
The thunderous blast , which echoed across much of the city , marked the first major assault inside Kabul since the insurgents announced the start of their " spring offensive " at the beginning of May .
It was the second major attack against police forces this month , after 16 people were killed in a blast outside a headquarters in the southern city of Hilla , the first week of May .
Canadian companies exported $33.7 billion worth of goods , up 2.7% from January 's revised level , the largest monthly rate of growth since May 2000 .
In fact , many potential objections may never even be aired , because the demonstration process will make them invalid .
Those who practise these branches of study often mistake them for spheres of knowledge when they are more accurately seen as examples of dialectic or rhetoric -- ideas which may be better aired in talk .
Even seemingly wild ideas may be aired at this point to break away from stale thinking .
There 's a danger that we are producing a profession overloaded with graduates who may be more anxious to air their own opinions than to report the views of others .
We may say that when a piece of music unexpectedly changes to a minor key this expresses a feeling of foreboding .
On May 19 Radio Bangladesh reported that acting President Shehabuddin Ahmed had " expressed dissatisfaction " at the government 's handling of relief efforts . 
` May I express our deep sympathy , ma'am , " Bragg said . 
Men and women may express their faith in different terms , but there is an underlying and profound similarity beneath all the differences . 
The views expressed have not always been my own , but rather a collection of disparate angles on the topic , as the reader may have noticed . 
However , the US expresses concerns that Iran may purchase stockpiled plutonium from North Korea ( 6840 ) .
However , the US expresses concerns that Iran may purchase stockpiled plutonium from North Korea ( 6840 ) .
The ways forward for the CNAA in its relationships with the institutions were articulated in various forms in the 1970s , and a perspective on the complexities may be helped by taking two of them .
If he follows the correct path , he may be able to look back on this election as the high-water mark of far-left opposition .
On May 26th it hit a new high against the dollar of 108.5 .
Just complete the entry form below and return it -- together with your minimum donation of £5 per entry pack -- to Birthright , to arrive by May 18 , 1992 .
( This may provoke wry smiles amongst anyone familiar with The Sunday People 's weekly diet of sex-op housewives and randy vicars . ) 
" Well , " said the inspector with a grave and thoughtful face , " whoever he may have been , and whatever he may have wanted , he 's gone for the present , and we have more immediate things to attend to .
Having now defined the dimensionality of the adjacent possible and noted that the biosphere and universe as a whole is vastly nonergodic , hence , kinetically trapped in a small region of its total space of possibilities , it is fair to wonder whether general laws may govern this nonergodic flow .
One of the most effective ways to ensure that a report is fair , complete , and objective is to obtain advance review and comments by responsible officials of the audited entity and others , as may be appropriate .
In doing so , we may be eliminating any predictable connection between creators and a fair reward for the utility or pleasure others may find in their works . ''
A great many opportunities to accumulate wealth or power are available to these institutions and individuals and they may take an unfair advantage of the situation . 
If there are any cases in which the victim of unfair pressure may avoid a contract even though the threat is not of unlawful action , there seems no possibility of any concurrent tort liability . 
Although it may be unfair to criticize the laudable and worthwhile efforts in this direction over many years , the focus has probably been rather narrow . 
This may be unfair on her , but it probably helps the Community to have Mrs Cresson threatening to block Japanese exports if ` reciprocal access " is not given to European goods in Japan . 
If we agree with this view , then women 's lower wages may be seen as either their just reward or , alternatively , as the result of a most unjust family system . 
Equally , you may have a right of redress if you are dismissed for failure to comply with an unjust order . 
Doisneau thinks he may have taken around 600 thousand photographs and at the age of 80 he 's still working ; revisiting familiar scenes in Paris in recent years .
Those familiar with the work and working methods of Frank Auerbach may find all this oddly familiar .
On the other hand , Pepys 's English , while familiar enough to us , may sound slightly nonstandard , as where past - tense forms and past participles are coalesced .
The series of nuclear tests in 1995 - 96 prior to China 's signature of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty ( CTBT ) may have resulted in a smaller and lighter warhead design for the new generation of intercontinental ballistic missiles ( ICBMs ) now under development .
May they preserve us from the hermetic seal .
May we learn to experience the joy of giving . 
May we experience the joy of your presence in our midst , for you live and reign as Lord of all , one God to be praised and glorified for ever and ever . 
Im tempted to try you againWind me up and let me spinAddiction 's not badIt 's a sinKnowing clearly what may becomeLet me go , Im doneYou 're full of lust , pride , greed and shameYou said no one can escape the painIn the quietI yearn to be in your silver pool of lightWith your arms wrapped around me in the deep nightIm tempted to try you againBut I think I 'll get the better of itWhen your at hand
In such circumstances , the infant may feel hatred , love or fear ; but it will understand these as feelings assigned to an external form , which may be introjected . 
Individuals may feel happier if they have a clearly specified job within the organisation and know exactly where they fit into the workings of the organisation . 
In addition to feeling threatened by Iraq 's growing nuclear program , these attacks may explain why the Khomeini government ultimately resumed its efforts to continue Iran 's nuclear power program and strengthen its existing nuclear research program -- and ultimately to develop nuclear weapons .
One comes away from the exhibit with a sense of the power of raw imagery that one may not have felt since the grade-school days of reading illicit comics when one was supposed to be learning the dates of battle sequences through history .
We feigned not to grasp the reference , though Durham City readers may understand it very well . 
Teachers may find history games valuable for occasional use .
They have n't started packing their suitcases yet , but they fear it may be inevitable and they 'll have to come to terms with a completely new existence . 
While this generally does not matter when cells are injected , solutions may leak into tissues other than that intended for labelling . 
You may also want to tile awkward shapes such as the window recesses , or things like bath surrounds . 
He may be placated , an acceptable tribute being pebbles doused in the blood of six young men , then placed high up in the branches of a tree so the mura-muras may reach them . 
They may be glazed , with a plain colour or a printed design , or unglazed -- more commonly known as quarry tiles -- and many have textured surfaces to make them less slippery underfoot . 
You may wish to embellish the controls with rubdown lettering followed by a coat of spray-on protective lacquer as usual . 
All applications must be received by the end of May when the Committee reviews applications and selects the winners in each group . 
Corals have promoted last year 's winner The Fellow to 5-4 for Kempton , although that may well change again today after the Hennessy . 
On Thursday night more than 30 paramilitary thugs and soldiers ransacked the opposition coalition headquarters , where Guillermo Endara , the winner of May 's annulled presidential election , was in the 16th day of a hunger strike . 
One of their examples of a `` dated contingent good '' is `` ton of wheat delivered in Chicago on May , , under the condition that the average rainfall in Nebraska for the six preceding months has been percent less than normal for the past fifty years and that the Boston Red Sox won the World Series the previous year . ''
On Late Edition , Wolf Blitzer trots out Friday 's CNN / Gallup / USA Today poll indicating that if John McCain and Bill Bradley win some early primaries , Bush voters may switch to McCain , but Gore voters likely will not switch to Bradley .
On May 19th seven civil servants were fired ( though , in one of many farcical moves , five have now been unfired ) among muttering that there may have been criminality in the office . 
The Red Sox started wearing numbers on their backs in 1931 , and first retired numbers May 29, 1984 , when they honored Williams and Cronin .
An excited horse that is enjoying a gallop one minute , may suddenly become fearful and bolt the next . 
A chalk stream , for example , may flow at a virtually constant level summer and winter , while flash floods may occur miles from a water course or in hollows well above the water table . 
Some changes may come in the ` bottom-up " review now bubbling through the Pentagon ; others could be brought in when the organisation gets a new boss . 
Blanketweed collecting on the waterfall may cause water to seep away from the pond itself . 
In fact there is nothing fixed about such interpretations , because the way the fossils are understood may change over the years , but it is usually some time before new discoveries percolate into the popular presentations . 
Since it may take decades for water to percolate into these aquifers the problem is a long-term one , and bearing in mind the increasing use of artificial fertilizer since the war , one which may return . 
Its dental adaptations to hard savannah fruits and seeds probably preceded the development of bipedalism , which may itself have been originally connected with foraging , reaching upward to browse on bushes for example . 
Moreover , the effect of avian frugivores on insect frugivores may be to force the latter to eat unripe fruits or leave the host , lest they be eaten by omnivorous birds . 
A British Cox 's apple may have been sprayed 12 times and dipped in fungicide before it reaches your fruit bowl . 
Recent studies have shown that the risk of developing gastric cancer can be reduced by eating green and yellow vegetables frequently , perhaps because vitamins A and C may give potential protection from carcinogens . 
It lights the tree , powers the tv , may cook the turkey , and powers many of the kids ' Christmas presents . 
Moules , snails , or rillettes may be starters , tarte au citron and Grand Marnier crepes are available after fresh fish , meat dishes and vegetarian dish of the day . 
Flake the tuna fish ; dispose of any brine , but if the fish is packed in olive oil it may be added to the dressing for the beans . 
Salmon is relatively easy to eat , otherwise fish pie with pastry and leeks or fish cakes may be the best ways to eat fish . 
Although real cream cheese may be made from real cream it is n't real cheese , since it is not a curd but simply ripened cream , semi-solidified and drained of its fluid content . 
Eating a lot of meat , butter and dairy products may give a higher risk of breast and bowel cancer as well as other problems such as coronary heart disease . 
My list may include a tomato , a buttered roll , a chunk of moist cheese , a slice of fruit cake , and an orange . 
Tostada shells may be served with this soup ; they are flat fried tortilla pancakes which require heating in a moderate oven for a few minutes before serving . 
In the morning , breakfasts may be classic continental with fresh fruit juice and Italian-style croissants and pastries , or savoury treats such as focaccia -- slabs of rich bread dough baked with herbs and olive oil . 
There is a clear role too for other new products in the T&L portfolio , including Krystar , a sweetener refined from corn syrup into a crystalline fructose , which may one day be interchangeable with table sugar . 
Laboratory studies show that fish oil may prevent weight loss and cause cancers to shrink . 
A cheap industrial vinegar may be less pleasing . 
Cathartic medications fall into several classes [ 70 ] . For patients with advanced illness , poor mobility , and decreased oral intake , a stimulant laxative ( eg , prune juice , senna , casanthranol , or bisacodyl ) is appropriate front - line therapy [ 71 ] . Osmotic laxatives ( eg , magnesium salts , lactulose , sorbitol ) may be added .
( You may recall that toxic E. coli showed up in alfalfa sprouts two months ago , and in Odwalla apple juice last year . )
I sha n't be down at Europa Foods tonight like you lot , buying frozen lasagne and chips for some motorbike messenger to eat in front of The Darling Buds of May . 
The food may not live up to expectations , but the fantasy environment makes up for it .
Visitors are welcome to visit the 24 - hectare ( 60 - acre ) establishment , and may sample the end product , Lantau tea .
You can not harvest a durian , but the first person to reach a fallen fruit , even on another 's land , may claim it .
These may be ` harvested " after about 60 80 years .
Early potatoes are planted in February and are harvested in late May and June .
Foreign investment too may dry up , as the initial post-unification euphoria fades .
While countries may seek to develop all of these capabilities on an independent , indigenous basis , they can and often do seek some inputs from foreign sources .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
In cases A , B and C the share of domestic production in apparent consumption has risen , which may be a result of trade diversion .
Key data sources for DPRK include defector testimony , which may be unreliable given possibility of deliberate disinformation by double agents and defectors exaggerating what they know , and unclassified estimates by US intelligence agencies , which may have certain biases based on national interest , worst - case expectations , domestic politics , etc. Also , most estimates do not rely on original texts in Korean , which may introduce some errors due to translation issues .
Mr Balladur and his ministers may have made soothing noises abroad over GATT , but they show no signs at home of abandoning the previous government 's intransigence .
Although the borders had officially been closed on May 2 , 1989 , they had since been crossed by large numbers of Somali refugees , some of whom were now returning home .
In May 1806 , Lewis and Clark re-entered the Nez Perce homeland , on their journey back from the Pacific .
Therapeutics may lag behind , possibly for decades , so I will abstain from discussing these aspects here . 
He ended a remarkable Maiden Speech on 29 May 1992 , which preceded his abstention from the vote on the Maastricht Bill , thus : 
However , the rational wealth maximizing company may refrain from such conduct even if there are strong incentives to use the information . 
Thus , if Jack and the girl go to the cinema , the descriptions and setting may suggest that Jack is wooing the girl , for instance . 
But , however confident you are after being wooed and won by an overseas recruiter , you may feel isolated and vulnerable once you have signed a contract and find that you are on your own . 
This may , however , underestimate the volume of marital breakdown in the earlier years of marriage , for several studies have shown that couples may split up , on average , five years before they actually divorce . 
In May 1907 he married his cousin Angela ( died 1930 ) , daughter of William Rolle Malcolm , banker .
Tre 's parents may have separated , but dad is strict and mom has made it ; while Ricky 's home life is a shambles . 
In May 1991 , justices made an order committing two children , who had been living with their mother following the separation of their parents , to the care of the local authority . 
Republicanism may not be rampant yet , but the Duchess of York 's indiscretions and the Prince and Princess of Wales 's separation have certainly made it more respectable . 
One parent families may come about because of death , divorce or separation in a two parent family or the ending of cohabitation or when a single woman has a baby on her own . 
Breeding may not be annual , but between 1965 and 1976 it was proved in eight years , involving a total of 10 pairs . 
THE people of Magherafelt defied the bombers today to hold their annual May Fair in the devastated town . 
Chris may be pessimistic about the future but , with one million sales every bi-monthly issue and 60,000 Fat Slags diaries already gone from the shelves , Viz does n't show any sign of losing popularity . 
Repot annually in March or early April and give a weak liquid feed at fortnightly intervals from May to September . 
WHAT : Visits may be weekly or fortnightly and last about an hour , on a one-to-one basis in the prisoner 's cell ; all conversations are confidential . 
Hot water systems where the temperature falls below 50° C because of the long pipe runs or infrequent use may also act as Legionella multiplication sites . 
In southern California , rainfall is so infrequent that Couch 's spadefoot may breed only once in two years . 
Canadian companies exported $33.7 billion worth of goods , up 2.7% from January 's revised level , the largest monthly rate of growth since May 2000 .
Late on Tuesday , 30 May 1916 , the British Grand Fleet left its bases for one of its occasional reconnaissance sweeps across the North Sea . 
The former deals largely with the ideology or taken-for-granted assumptions behind action , the latter the unforeseen outcomes of it , which may of course challenge the nature of recurrent practices and modify them . 
WHAT : Visits may be weekly or fortnightly and last about an hour , on a one-to-one basis in the prisoner 's cell ; all conversations are confidential . 
1- The married have a vacation by rotation for a week every three weeks , and in certain cases AL-QAEDA may deny this vacation for four months .
Using these basic common behaviors , more complex behaviors may be coded .
Therefore , the change from one type of channel pattern to another may be relatively common , as the nature of the sediment moved through the system changes and this may be the effect of tributary sediment contributions , or upstream degradation or aggradation or tectonics .
The simple exchange of commitment to do one 's best in return for learning opportunities may be a common one in contemporary employment , and one that inspires many workers to seek new employment pastures when their learning slows down ( Arthur , Inkson MYAMP amp ; Pringle , 1999 ) .
In particular , the most common and destructive pathogens faced by humans and other mammals are RNA viruses , such as influenza A , yellow fever , and hepatitis C. In most cases , our ability to survive these viral infections is simply a combination of good luck and good breeding ; with the right combination of MHC alleles , itself a function of population history and what we by chance inherit from our parents , some individuals may be more able to fight off viral infections than others .
That may be a rather spectacular and extravagant way of showing his disdain for factual knowledge erm which no doubt can go too far . 
The inhibition of 46 kDa and 70 kDa binding to III1-C by heparin suggests that these HSPGs may serve as receptors for III1-C in cell adhesion and ERK1/2 signaling .
These domains often occur together in large proteins linked to catalytic domains and may serve to tether these proteins to different components of chromatin and deliver catalytic activities to specific locations .
If so , then human neural stem cells may serve as a valuable model for elucidating the mechanisms and factors that regulate neuroendocrine cell differentiation .
They may become in turn promoters of the public library service and even serve to bring in financial support for the service -- a valuable support group particularly in the USA where public library services are frequently vulnerable to local authority cuts .
In May of 1189 an army of 20,000 men was assembled at Ratisbon . 
For tonight and tomorrow night we bring together with New York 's Bill Mays Trio two superb American horn players . 
Depending on your contributions record , you may get more money from the basic pension . 
You get reports from school and it may say " difficult " or whatever , but they may be a very different person in the pregnancy . 
Getting property by threatening immediate force ( e.g. " your money or your life " ) may be both blackmail and robbery . 
The US is concerned that Iran may have or acquire an unsafeguarded enrichment facility for which it might get parts from Eastern Europe ( PPNN , International Herald Tribune , 1/28/91 ) .
However , some analysts speculate that North Korean scientists were present during Pakistan 's nuclear tests in May 1998 , and that Pyongyang could have obtained a tested bomb design from Islamabad or from Pakistani scientists without government approval .
Terrorists may seek to obtain greater status or bargaining power by demonstrating that they have the technological capabilities required to develop , produce , and deliver CBW agents .
In such cases , I would recommend that you seek professional help , for the dog you have acquired may have already been in conflict with his former family and won the contest . 
The US is concerned that Iran may have or acquire an unsafeguarded enrichment facility for which it might get parts from Eastern Europe ( PPNN , International Herald Tribune , 1/28/91 ) .
Text such as this may require the acquisition of specialist dictionaries to maintain the high performance shown in other domains .
It may take the form of a spontaneous or induced genetic mutation , or the acquisition of resistance genes from other bacterial species by horizontal gene transfer via conjugation , transduction , or transformation .
Its coastal acquisition may have been one reason yellow amber came to be designated by the same term as ambergris .
In 1995 , it became evident that Iran may be pursuing nuclear weapons through another track : by procuring dual - use items from Western firms .
You may be lucky enough to visit on a launch day — earth satellites , space probes , and other research equipment are routinely launched from the Cape .
Although both the credal and experimental forms of predestinarianism may now appear harsh and inflexible creeds , during the late sixteenth and early seventeenth centuries they accorded well with the political and social realities of life in England . 
It may be that ` post " will need progressive reinterpretation to include telex , facsimile transmission and other forms of ` electronic mail " but international conventions appear not to have explored these possibilities thus far . 
The program appeared to begin as a peaceful one , but whatever Kim 's original intentions , the Cuban Missile Crisis may have prompted initiation of a dedicated nuclear weapons program .
The boats may appear deceptively primitive , but many of them have their own electric generators and all the modern conveniences .
reflecting on how psychotic I may have appeared a few hours ago .
The boats may appear deceptively primitive , but many of them have their own electric generators and all the modern conveniences .
The building may appear offhanded , but there is nothing haphazard about the way it is organized .
Even if these findings are not confirmed after further study , one could still make a compelling argument that lipid-lowering therapy ( barring contraindications ) should be initiated early and universally in patients who present with an acute coronary syndrome : First , the long-term safety and effectiveness of statins for the secondary prevention of stable coronary disease is well-established [ 1 2 3 ] ; Second , as evidenced by MIRACL , these agents are safe when initiated at the time of hospitalization for an acute coronary syndrome ; Third , the in-hospital initiation of lipid-lowering therapy appears to promote greater long-term utilization of these agents [ 18 19 20 21 ] . Finally , although lipid levels may be unreliable in the setting of an acute coronary syndrome ( excepting total : HDL and LDL:HDL cholesterol ratios [ 22 ] ) the overwhelming majority of patients with coronary disease will ultimately require both pharmacologic and non-pharmacologic lipid-lowering interventions to attain recommended cholesterol targets [ 23 24 25 ] ; newer guidelines are even more stringent [ 26 ] . Furthermore , data from the recently presented Heart Protection Study suggest that clinical benefits may accrue independent of baseline cholesterol level [ 4 ] . Thus , to withhold lipid-lowering therapy from patients who present with an acute coronary syndrome would be to accept the status quo , and to date our efforts at cholesterol lowering in the secondary prevention setting have been dismal [ 27 28 ] .
Such therapy appears to be cost effective [ 15 16 ] , especially among high risk patients and is recommended under current American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association guidelines [ 17 ] . Fourth , it may not be possible to ascertain whether these findings apply to all patients with recent acute coronary syndromes regardless of baseline lipid levels .
He may not look the fittest man on the field , but he has the biggest heart . 
This may seem a ridiculously simple statement to make , but awareness of our interests in research is very important . 
THE quality control laboratories at ICI Billingham may seem an unlikely place for artistic yearnings . 
Ed_Henry : Democrats say they also want to signal they 're ready to stand up to the Republican majority and may even filibuster the president 's latest Supreme Court pick Samuel Alito a move that would make these events seem like the opening fireworks in a much nastier battle .
It seems that the picturesque older sections with their old houses , narrow streets , and winding alleyways may not be around much longer .
Your powers , if I may say so without offence , seem superior to your opportunities . "
Also , hormonal changes during the month can alter the chemistry of a perfume on our skin , so what smells great today may be decidedly ` iffy " by next Thursday . 
The person who comes to an interview smelling unfavourably may be seen to be a ` bad " applicant . 
The tongue may be swollen , flabby , spongy , taking the imprint of the teeth , coated , foul with copious saliva and nothing tastes right . 
Although donors may be asked to donate for a patient not in the UK the bone marrow is still taken as stated before and the collected marrow sent to the patient . 
A group of eight County Durham war veterans may be the last recipients of medals given out by the former Soviet Union . 
The supermarket may hand out pretty green-and-white leaflets boasting its environmental concerns . 
Pickets handing out leaflets to passers by may thereby cause harassment , alarm or distress , but they should not be held to be guilty of an offence on that account alone . 
Ludington died aged ninety-one in May this year and bequeathed the museum a further 175 works . 
Ikeda handed a personal message from Yoshida to Dodge at a meeting in the Defense Department in early May .
Your contribution to Goodwill will mean more than you may know .
Hodgskin fathered seven children , and the need to provide for his family may explain his failure to produce any major work after 1832 . 
Those with dairy goats may need to have some goats kidding in the autumn to obtain good supplies of milk in winter . 
In species such as swans and geese , which lay large clutches of eggs soon after arrival , the reserve on landing may indeed determine breeding success for the year . 
North Korea signed the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons ( NPT ) in 1985 but did not submit to International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) inspections until May 1992 . 
They may be hand held , for which they are the most effective tool for cleaning glass windows and large mirrors , or stail fixed for clearing water from floors . 
To help its VAX or Mips users move to Alpha platforms , DEC has developed binary translation tools which can recompile programs for Alpha without using source code , to which customers may not have access . 
A painting program creates images as a pattern of dots on the screen and the resolution of that screen determines the resolution at which that image may be printed , regardless of the resolution of the printing device . 
It will require constant monitoring of the technological situation and may in the longer term necessitate several changes of format to keep pace with changes in storage devices and technique . 
That may mean doing some assembly work , such as wiring instruments into a dashboard . 
From its size , the knife must have had a very specific use and may even have been a surgical instrument . 
Essential equipment to enable a child to participate in a group may be provided , opportunities for training may be shared . 
The then Japanese Foreign Minister Sosuke Uno visited Mongolia in May 1989 and offered a grant of 60,000,000-yen grant ( approximately US$440,000 ) for purchasing medical and audio-visual equipment . 
They may be very basic , as in the beer line cleaning equipment used in licensed premises , or highly sophisticated fully automatic computer monitored and controlled . 
It is reported that a German subsidiary of a US firm may have sold laser enrichment equipment to Iran .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
They may also agree to re-site appliances for disabled people at reduced cost . 
Two sequences that fold into the same structure may bind to a receptor with different efficiencies , and a sequence that folds into a slightly different structure may also bind to the receptor , albeit less efficiently .
For instance , they are dispensable for DNA damage-dependent activation of the Rad26/Rad3-kinase complex [ 18 ] , but are required for the Rad3-dependent phosphorylation of Chk1 [ 23 ] . Structural predictions of Hus1 , Rad1 and Rad9 have led to the proposal that all three fold similarly to the subunits of Proliferating Cell Nuclear Antigen ( PCNA ) [ 24 25 26 ] . Consistent with these predictions , PCNA exists as a homotrimer [ 27 ] while Hus1 , Rad1 and Rad9 all interact and possibly form a heterotrimer [ 25 28 ] . In addition , Rad17 has sequence similarity and physical interactions with subunits of Replication Factor C ( RFC ) [ 29 30 ] . Based on the RFC-PCNA paradigm , the Rad17-RFC complex may load the PCNA-like Rad9-Rad1-Hus1 ( 9-1-1 ) complex onto genomic lesions discovered by the Rad26/Rad3 complex .
It has been suggested that perhaps cytoplasmic proteins are not exported in prl suppressor strains because they fold rapidly and escape recognition by SecB , while secretory proteins , even those lacking a signal sequence , fold more slowly , allowing time for SecB recognition and binding [ 5 13 ] . SecB binds to a variety of unfolded proteins in vitro [ 24 25 ] , although binding appears to be more selective in vivo [ 26 ] . This selectivity may be based on the slower folding characteristics of secretory proteins .
It has been suggested that perhaps cytoplasmic proteins are not exported in prl suppressor strains because they fold rapidly and escape recognition by SecB , while secretory proteins , even those lacking a signal sequence , fold more slowly , allowing time for SecB recognition and binding [ 5 13 ] . SecB binds to a variety of unfolded proteins in vitro [ 24 25 ] , although binding appears to be more selective in vivo [ 26 ] . This selectivity may be based on the slower folding characteristics of secretory proteins .
Your contribution to Goodwill will mean more than you may know .
Graduate lecture courses are few at present but may be expected to grow in number in the near future .
It is generally felt that the tines are too close together to be used for carding wool , although some simpler combs which may be wool-combs are known .
One may think such a suggestion to be far from orthodox .
Learn how to ride a ski on a carving edge -- a course of lessons may be necessary -- and you should automatically grasp the rudiments of good powder technique too .
This is simple concept , but it may initially be difficult to grasp its many ramifications .
Promises such as ` you will avoid complications " or ` live longer " may be grasped with enthusiasm by the over-forties but are unlikely to appeal to youngsters .
But none of them , may I say , has fully comprehended the reasons for the attitude France has adopted towards her neighbour .
` It is important that plain English is used without jargon or local authority expressions which the public may not understand . "
If the professional game does come here , the players and coaches appreciate that audiences may not understand all the nuances of the game .
At any rate , we may take it asa hypothesis and see what consequences it would entail .
May L.J. recognised that the phrase had no intelligible meaning in a wholly common law context , which suggested that attention had to be given to the civil law origins of the phrase .
Flake the tuna fish ; dispose of any brine , but if the fish is packed in olive oil it may be added to the dressing for the beans . 
Mustard seeds may be used either whole or cracked , or pulverized into flour . 
For example , they may purchase raw or milled uranium ore from abroad , and then use indigenous facilities to enrich it to weapons - grade material .
Cyclamen may also be raised from seed sown now in pots and pans and put outside in a shaded cold frame .
May , sporting an Elvis Presley head-piece nodded to Jenny who had decided to don the best selling Scousers wig set comprising curly wig and moustache straight out of the Harry Enfield 's series . 
Your hair may be well cut , but if you 're a trendy executive and your latest hairdo is just that tiny bit mumsy , you may as well hibernate for a few months . 
They may adopt clothes and hairstyles that belong to one group of contemporaries or another , and change their political or religious views several times . 
6- The call to adhere to Islam in general , and spreading the concept of Jihad specifically , starts with relatives and friends. ( T.C : Koranic verse ) You may not be able to do this , if your work demands extreme secrecy , like Naeem IBn Mas'uud ( May God bless him ) .
Thus schools which are having difficulty attracting pupils over a couple of years may find that they are powerless to avoid progressive deterioration in their position .
In sum , at both the federal and state government levels at least part of the seemingly irrational behavior voters display in the voting booth may have an exceedingly rational explanation .
Westinghouse Anniston , its subcontractors and the Anniston Chemical Agent Disposal Facility have more than 8.7 million safe work hours , 2,214 safe work days and a recordable injury rate of 0.49 per 200,000 hours worked as of the end of May .
There may not be a guaranteed cure for your allergy . 
If so , you may be one of the unfortunate few with a wine allergy . 
Many cases of childhood eczema may be due to allergy to cow 's milk , but some 50 per cent or so may clear up quite spontaneously , without any change in diet . 
Asthmatics are more prone to suffer attacks when any one of these pollutants hits the ` poor " mark , and some sensitive people may even be affected when the air quality is describes as ` good " . 
Residues in meat may also cause allergic reactions in sensitive people . 
It has also been reported that diabetics may have increased vascular sensitivity to angiotensin II ( Christlieb , 1976 ; Weidmann et al , 1979 ) . 
It may be that they have developed new sensitivities to foods , or that they are becoming chemical-sensitive . 
If there is little or no improvement on the Step 2 diet , then it may be because there is a general yeast sensitivity , due to candidiasis ( see p 184 ) . 
In general , there is evidence that children who have developed a sensitivity to cow 's milk may become sensitive to soya proteins as well , if they consume them in large quantities . 
There are other reasons why babies might be susceptible , and there are a list of things that you may well know about from babies you 're looking after . 
Certain human beings , including those who are immunocompromised , may be unusually susceptible . 
I am waiting to hear back from Patti on May and June to make sure they are okay with her .
I am waiting to hear back from Patti on May and June to make sure they are okay with her .
The vendor may have deliberately concealed the defect and may have acted fraudulently .
The recent development of cooperatives in Greece has been seriously hindered by a high degree of central control ; there may be a danger that similar problems will arise in Italy .
In the first case the speculator with entrepreneurial initiative may identify land with numerous problems hindering development , and attempt to resolve these by negotiation .
Yet the study suggests that women themselves may be hindering their progress .
The legislator may be constrained by the preferences of the electorate ( e.g. , through the need for re-election ) , but his goals may differ from those of his constituents .
At the weekends , we are no longer constrained by the timetable of our weekdays and we may have a fuller social life in the evening .
For example , a rigid body may have some of its motions constrained by springs , but two ( or more ) unconstrained ; it will then have two ( or more ) equal zero frequencies .
And oxygen deficiency during the foetal stage may inhibit brain development and size at birth , with or without other defect .
It may also inhibit spontaneous protest .
Dietary sulphate may allow growth of sulphate reducing bacteria which inhibit the growth of methanogenic bacteria .
For example , heparin can act as a competitive inhibitor but its usefulness for studies on intact cells is lessened because it may also inhibit the generation of InsP 3 .
Brain injury , due for example to trauma or to stroke , or to experimental lesions , seriously interferes with perception and may remove perception completely , either temporarily or permanently .
Meanwhile , Mr Major is ready to deliver a second snub to France by replacing May Day with a new October bank holiday , Trafalgar Day , to celebrate Admiral Nelson 's historic naval victory in 1805 .
Giles is not always waxing poetic and may , like other explorers , be useful as a source for the history of Australian and general English .
One suspects that the David and Goliath nature of their ongoing battle may have swayed the decision further in Virgin 's direction . 
Ed_Henry : Democrats say they also want to signal they 're ready to stand up to the Republican majority and may even filibuster the president 's latest Supreme Court pick Samuel Alito a move that would make these events seem like the opening fireworks in a much nastier battle .
" But I dare say he 's impatient , " thought Hazel , " or he may have come off worst in some scuffle over a doe and taken it hard . 
THE fighting on the ground may be nothing compared with the fighting over who pays the bill . 
Ralph Glaber may thus be correct in referring to hostilities before 1026 . 
On May 13 UK Royal Marines were reported to have killed an Iraqi soldier and wounded two others during a series of military skirmishes near Sarsank , in the north of the country . 
This spell may be cast against any one opponent in hand-to-hand combat with the caster . 
The latest squabble between supermarkets and banks over the latter 's unilateral decision to hoist transaction charges may of course make debit cards less attractive to consumers if the charges end up being passed on . 
ABOUT 30 people may have been massacred in Kinshasa , Zaire , on Monday , after a bar-room brawl over a woman led vengeance-seeking Zairian troops to fire indiscriminately on two funeral processions , killing the wrong targets , human rights and business sources reported by telephone yesterday from Abidjan , on the Ivory Coast . 
Parents may be confronting their children repeatedly demanding them to do what is asked and find that this produces immense negative emotional reactions : temper tantrums or complete refusal to co-operate are common . 
Three Senegalese soldiers ( initially reported by an NPFL spokesman as having been killed ) had been wounded on May 28 in a 10-hour gunfight involving NPFL men at Vahun , close to the Sierra Leone border . 
Last May , Santoni lost another bodyguard in a deadly gunfight near Ajaccio .
Australian World Cup tactics help set up May 2 showdown at Twickenham 
Sunday 's firefight between rebel factions may be a prelude to wider bloodletting if Kadafi falls .
Many a parent struggling with an unruly child may be surprised to hear this , but as the developmental psychologist Mary Ainsworth observes :
I may hunt with my lords Fitzwilliam and Forester and Hawke , but here in the East Riding they still have standards to maintain . "
The data obtained so far on the action of PEDF on different cells may have not considered the presence of these cofactors in the media .
The biological landscape may be mapped as a rectangular table with different rows for different questions and different columns for different biological domains .
It may partially reflect genetic polymorphisms that give rise to different Nla III sites and hence different SAGE tags , although this is unlikely to explain observed differences in gene expression between the inbred mice .
Although a GOP president may limit local benefits to the voter 's particular district/state , such a president is also likely to be more effective at preventing other districts/states and their legislators from bringing home the local benefits .
The psychology or ideology of a particular terrorist group or individual may lead to a fascination with poisons and disease .
Some groups may have a particular fascination with plagues and poisons .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
Certain CW facilities also carried out research on the suitability of using illegal drugs such as methaqualone ( `` Quaaludes '' ) , MDMA ( `` Ecstasy '' ) , LSD , marijuana extract ( tetrahydrocannibol ) , and cocaine as incapacitating `` calmatives , '' but some of these illegal drugs may have ended up being sold for a profit .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
1- The married have a vacation by rotation for a week every three weeks , and in certain cases AL-QAEDA may deny this vacation for four months .
ALQAEDA may deny his request for vacation in certain cases .
The failure of ants to come to the rescue of an infested colleague may be the result of the mite successfully mimicking the smell of an ant larva .
A few of the males may then mimic the female 's odour .
You may be surprised to find that she does n't want to shackle you with a ball and chain . 
Many regarded his words as perhaps signalling that his feud with Alain Prost -- fuelled to boiling point after their collision at Suzuka last October -- may be cooling slightly . 
It would , you may recall , have coincided with a heavy-duty exercise at Catterick Camp involving a mid-air collision of civilian and military aircraft . 
I have just uttered the words ` May I be struck by lightning this minute " . 
Crash investigators believe fractured pins may have been responsible for the El Al cargo jet crash . 
Finally , after Wharton 's crash at Albi , Sir Alfred told Raymond Mays and Pater Berthon that BRM should build a smaller , lighter car . 
A head-on car crash in which five women were killed may have been caused by flat tyres . 
Police General Carlos Pulido told Caracol radio that Wednesday 's crash site was in an area so inaccessible that the site may have to be declared a cemetery . 
Management buy-outs in particular may lead to increases in efficiency by reducing the layers of administration and enabling key decisions to be made by managers with industry-specific experience . 
Key data sources for DPRK include defector testimony , which may be unreliable given possibility of deliberate disinformation by double agents and defectors exaggerating what they know , and unclassified estimates by US intelligence agencies , which may have certain biases based on national interest , worst - case expectations , domestic politics , etc. Also , most estimates do not rely on original texts in Korean , which may introduce some errors due to translation issues .
" These two men , close and confidential friends , are the centre of the household ; but there is one other person who for our immediate purpose may be even more important .
This is particularly significant with regard to some areas of sexual law which may need to be taken into account by social workers . 
This argument suggests that support between siblings may become less significant for the ethnic minority British population in the future . 
Although the importance of the hymen may have dwindled in western society , in the Middle East and Japan it still carries tremendous significance . 
This means that the job of the new Treasury Chief Secretary takes on a significance which may unnerve Michael Portillo . 
The manner in which people are helped with those confused and painful feelings may have considerable significance for their future mental health . 
If price is not the major factor in the buyer 's analysis , then marginal extra quality and delivery terms may prove the more attractive .
If so , chances are you have a serious drinking problem , or may have one in the future .
Any other arrestable offence may be serious if its commission has led to or is likely to lead to : ( a ) serious harm to the security of the state or public order ; ( b ) serious interference with the administration of justice or with the investigation of offences ; ( c ) death ; ( d ) serious injury ; ( e ) substantial financial gain or serious financial loss .
It `` may well be '' that theft of business data is `` as serious a strategic threat to national security '' as it is a threat to the survival of victimized U.S. firms , said Michelle Van Cleave , the White House 's assistant director for National Security Affairs .
In a generalization of our image of a self - constructing biosphere , the universe may construct itself to be as complex and diverse as possible .
Historians of publishing have also detected some tendency towards specialisation amongst publishers by the 1780s and 1790s and this may have helped the appearance of antislavery writing .
It may seem strange to suspect such a man of inflation -- the psychoanalyst 's term for a tendency to grandeur , the obverse of a patient 's self-denigration and depression .
His benefit package may include the payment of school fees for his children and the continuation of pension arrangements .
US officials report that Iran can produce several hundred tons of chemical agent annually and that it may have already produced as much as 2,000 tons of agent , including mustard , cyanide , and possibly sarin nerve agent , at plants near Qazvin , Parchin , and Esfahan .
The United States alleges that Iran may have started to develop small quantities of agent , possibly including mycotoxins , ricin , and the smallpox virus .
The United States alleges that Iran may have started to develop small quantities of agent , possibly including mycotoxins , ricin , and the smallpox virus .
Key data sources for DPRK include defector testimony , which may be unreliable given possibility of deliberate disinformation by double agents and defectors exaggerating what they know , and unclassified estimates by US intelligence agencies , which may have certain biases based on national interest , worst - case expectations , domestic politics , etc. Also , most estimates do not rely on original texts in Korean , which may introduce some errors due to translation issues .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
Some definitions of terrorism go beyond sub - state actors to include repressive governments that may carry out acts of `` state terrorism '' against their own citizens .
More relevant measurements for these factors include the proportional change in the number of publications and the total number of publications when corrected for investment in research and development ( May 1997 ) .
According to Le Monde of May 22 , the report contained implicit suggestions that the same structures of repression still existed , in spite of the change of government .
Although the majority of the CW stockpile in the North may not be of the more sophisticated and lethal nerve agent variety , it may contain a large quantity of casualty agents such as mustard , phosgene , and Lewisite , all compounds that are relatively easy to manufacture .
` It may be that Parliament has to look at this issue of excluding people from property when they 've got property rights , " he said .
The court may exclude the child from all or any part of the proceedings if it considers this to be in his interests having regard to matters to be discussed or evidence likely to be given .
For the purposes of this tutorial , however , the term `` terrorism '' will be used to describe acts that incorporate the following elements : Intentional or threatened violence directed against civilians or noncombatants ; Actors that are sub - national groups or individuals ( although they may receive financial or logistical support from governments ) ; Motivations that are chiefly political , ideological , or religious ( i.e. , not strictly criminal ) ; Often , some element of symbolism in the choice of target , together with the desire to elicit fear in a larger audience beyond the immediate victims of an attack .
Although a GOP president may limit local benefits to the voter 's particular district/state , such a president is also likely to be more effective at preventing other districts/states and their legislators from bringing home the local benefits .
Decades of educational research tell us unequivocally that even smaller classes have zero effect on the academic performance of the pupils -- though they may sometimes be desirable for other reasons .
Iran may have received other nuclear - related assistance and material from Argentina ( 6883 , 6897 ) .
Iran may have received other nuclear - related assistance and material from Argentina ( 6883 , 6897 ) .
" These two men , close and confidential friends , are the centre of the household ; but there is one other person who for our immediate purpose may be even more important .
Time magazine reports that Iran has an enrichment plant - possibly a centrifuge facility - at Moallam Kalayeh , and may have another centrifuge plant at Karaj ( 6883 ) .
To entice a man in cold blood with the object of murdering him is another , whatever danger you may fear from him .
Westinghouse Anniston , its subcontractors and the Anniston Chemical Agent Disposal Facility have more than 8.7 million safe work hours , 2,214 safe work days and a recordable injury rate of 0.49 per 200,000 hours worked as of the end of May .
Your contribution to Goodwill will mean more than you may know .
Any unit may be equipped with light armour at an additional cost of +2 points per model .
While countries may seek to develop all of these capabilities on an independent , indigenous basis , they can and often do seek some inputs from foreign sources .
For example , they may purchase raw or milled uranium ore from abroad , and then use indigenous facilities to enrich it to weapons - grade material .
It will bear the history of that oppression , not necessarily as that which disables desire ( though it may ) , but as desire itself .
On 15 May 1905 , the railroad held a land sale -- a momentous step in Las Vegas history .
Key data sources for DPRK include defector testimony , which may be unreliable given possibility of deliberate disinformation by double agents and defectors exaggerating what they know , and unclassified estimates by US intelligence agencies , which may have certain biases based on national interest , worst - case expectations , domestic politics , etc. Also , most estimates do not rely on original texts in Korean , which may introduce some errors due to translation issues .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
It `` may well be '' that theft of business data is `` as serious a strategic threat to national security '' as it is a threat to the survival of victimized U.S. firms , said Michelle Van Cleave , the White House 's assistant director for National Security Affairs .
The United States , however , may raise questions about certain details of the proposal , such as earmarking funds to repair Iraqi infrastructure .
If you feel that your child may be mixing with youngsters who sniff glue , you could talk to your child and warn him or her of the possible risks and dangers involved . 
Thinners such as Tipp-Ex may be sniffed from a cloth or a coatsleeve . 
Butane gas and aerosols may be sniffed from bags , but are sometimes sprayed directly into the mouth . 
Thus , the student who regularly uses alcohol or cannabis in times of study may have poor recall if he or she has no cannabis or alcohol at the time of an examination . 
Though it may snack on a strawberry , the ground beetle is an ally 
Skippers Bistro in Dock Place has a real nautical atmosphere and good seafood as has The Waterfront where you can dine outside from May to September . 
The food is ingested and the bacteria may lie dormant in the bird , where it contaminates the eggs produced and can be excreted and spread around the flock . 
The egg is sometimes ingested by earthworms , which may act as transport hosts . 
It informed the reader : Those possessed by Behemoth may devour only unbaptised children , having no power whatever over those properly* baptised by an anointed Vicar of Christ , inside a church or other consecrated place . 
Increased protein synthesis thus also may require increased RNA synthesis , which can be measured by exactly analogous procedures using a radioactive precursor to RNA .
We speculate that the P polypeptide may be a component of the melanosomal membrane , possibly involved in the transport of tyrosine , the primary precursor to melanin biosynthesis .
H pylori , which is able to generate in vitro platelet activating factor from platelet activating factor precursors , may be a possible pathophysiological cause of platelet activating factor increase .
During the 1990s , the unavailability of precursors required to manufacture some nerve agents may very well have challenged the DPRK logistical supply network .
Iran may have received other nuclear - related assistance and material from Argentina ( 6883 , 6897 ) .
The PRC is reportedly providing Iranian nuclear experts with know-how and design information , some of which may be related to fissile material production and weapons development ( 6930 ) .
Iran may have received other nuclear - related assistance and material from Argentina ( 6883 , 6897 ) .
The PRC is reportedly providing Iranian nuclear experts with know-how and design information , some of which may be related to fissile material production and weapons development ( 6930 ) .
For example , they may purchase raw or milled uranium ore from abroad , and then use indigenous facilities to enrich it to weapons - grade material .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
Lumican expression has previously been correlated with higher tumor grade , lower estrogen levels in the tumor and younger age of patients in human breast cancer [ 21 ] . In addition , lumican is structurally related to both biglycan which is among the top IL-8-tumor related genes and the human embryonal carcinoma marker antigen TRA-1-60 [ 22 ] . These relationships support the hypothesis that lumican may be a tumor related protein involved with IL -8 's tumorigenic function .
Further study has revealed that CT is produced extrathyroidally by NE cells throughout the body , and may have multiple functions [ 15 , 16 ] .
At first sight , the location of protest sub stantially among Romania 's alien ated Hungarian minority suggests that it may be more easily confined by the leadership in Bucharest . 
First , all the activity may be confined to the summit crater at the top of the volcano , just where one might expect it to be . 
India-May locked Lumberjack inside the house . 
In the middle of May they had imprisoned Sir Roger Clarendon , who was , so the common people said , natural son to the great Edward , the Black Prince , and half-brother to Richard the king . 
It was inspected by Lt. Col. von Donop on 18 May , from Tooting Junction to Mitcham and Canterbury Road , Croydon . 
Be aware , then , that he simply will not be able to proof-read his own work , because he may think , for instance , that latter is the correct way to spell later .
North Korea signed the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons ( NPT ) in 1985 but did not submit to International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) inspections until May 1992 . 
However , the IAEA may begin implementing special inspections for problem nations , with Iran as a possible test case ( 6925 ) .
If Iran can adequately demonstrate peaceful intentions for its nuclear program and allows IAEA inspections , nuclear power reactor technology trade restraints may be lifted .
Iran agreed to an IAEA inspection schedule and to a mid - May 2004 deadline for the submission of complete details regarding its nuclear program and goals .
Six rounds of inspections began in May 1992 and concluded in February 1993 .
Greater examination of vehicles entering the complex is now expected to be introduced , and additional security staff may be deployed . 
The main themes underlying this examination of poverty among older women may be summarised as follows . 
Examination of sentencing in either the magistrates ' courts or the Crown Court on their own may also be misleading . 
If the draught is sluggish , it may be improved by fitting vents in wooden floors near to the fireplace ; or you might have to install a vent in an outside wall .
1- The married have a vacation by rotation for a week every three weeks , and in certain cases AL-QAEDA may deny this vacation for four months .
ALQAEDA may deny his request for vacation in certain cases .
Firms may be unaware of theft by their employees , and shops will not be aware of particular instances of shoplifting .
On 12 May 2003 , North Korea announced that the bilateral `` Joint Declaration on the Denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula '' signed with South Korea on 20 January 1992 was no longer valid because of `` U.S. actions '' [ Note : the U.S. was not a signatory ] .
Reports in the Western media in March 2003 charged that Iran may have taken this step .
Still , the U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency ( DIA ) estimated in May 1979 that North Korea had only a defensive capability in CW , while noting that its development of offensive chemical weapons would have been the next logical step .
The United States imposed sanctions in May , citing Syria 's pursuit of WMD programs as one of the reasons for this step .
On 15 May 1905 , the railroad held a land sale -- a momentous step in Las Vegas history .
Although the U.S. government believes that the BW agent stockpiles have been destroyed , activities that contravene the BWC may continue at a few military biological facilities in Russia .
Certain CW facilities also carried out research on the suitability of using illegal drugs such as methaqualone ( `` Quaaludes '' ) , MDMA ( `` Ecstasy '' ) , LSD , marijuana extract ( tetrahydrocannibol ) , and cocaine as incapacitating `` calmatives , '' but some of these illegal drugs may have ended up being sold for a profit .
Some definitions of terrorism go beyond sub - state actors to include repressive governments that may carry out acts of `` state terrorism '' against their own citizens .
We may take it that the letter came out of this strange household and was an invitation to Garcia to carry out some attempt which had already been planned .
North Korea has not conducted a nuclear test , but in early May 2005 , press reports indicated that U.S. satellite imagery had detected signs that North Korea could be preparing for a nuclear test to be conducted in June .
However , reports in the Hong Kong and Western media alleged that some students carried out various acts of protest in late May and early June .
In another , linked , case , a Belfast man was charged with allowing a house to be used to commit an act of terrorism on May 17 .
Some definitions of terrorism go beyond sub - state actors to include repressive governments that may carry out acts of `` state terrorism '' against their own citizens .
For the purposes of this tutorial , however , the term `` terrorism '' will be used to describe acts that incorporate the following elements : Intentional or threatened violence directed against civilians or noncombatants ; Actors that are sub - national groups or individuals ( although they may receive financial or logistical support from governments ) ; Motivations that are chiefly political , ideological , or religious ( i.e. , not strictly criminal ) ; Often , some element of symbolism in the choice of target , together with the desire to elicit fear in a larger audience beyond the immediate victims of an attack .
Ed_Henry : Democrats say they also want to signal they 're ready to stand up to the Republican majority and may even filibuster the president 's latest Supreme Court pick Samuel Alito a move that would make these events seem like the opening fireworks in a much nastier battle .
They may desire not just to make a symbolic point but to physically and completely destroy their enemies .
Mr Smith may set up an overseas trust for the benefit of his grandchildren .
The Supreme Soviet decisions were based on findings by an official commission set up in May 1989 to examine the investigators ' work .
In other states , the very development and implementation of such initiatives may require reconfiguration of organizational relationships and service areas .
While this may have formed part of the rationale for the application of natural justice , the major reason for the development of the doctrine was the protection of property rights and interests akin thereto .
Unemployment still is officially recorded at 16.5 % , the highest rate in Europe , although actual joblessness may be lower .
Fifth , the theory may provide at least a partial reason for why ticket splitting has been particularly pronounced in the South .
A simple economic theory may provide at least a partial explanation for the split personality displayed by Americans in the voting booth .
In sum , at both the federal and state government levels at least part of the seemingly irrational behavior voters display in the voting booth may have an exceedingly rational explanation .
During his four days in Iraq , Hall said he wanted to investigate reports from relief agencies that a quarter of Iraqi children may be suffering from chronic malnutrition .
Sir Denis he may be but I fancy the measures being poured in the big rooms have been even more liberal ( small ` l " , of course ) than before .
They may not be among the `` best and brightest '' of their generation -- there are very few such people , by definition .
The dispersal of office activities may have resulted in an increase in employment in some of the smaller towns in more rural regions within the South of England .
Certain CW facilities also carried out research on the suitability of using illegal drugs such as methaqualone ( `` Quaaludes '' ) , MDMA ( `` Ecstasy '' ) , LSD , marijuana extract ( tetrahydrocannibol ) , and cocaine as incapacitating `` calmatives , '' but some of these illegal drugs may have ended up being sold for a profit .
Certain CW facilities also carried out research on the suitability of using illegal drugs such as methaqualone ( `` Quaaludes '' ) , MDMA ( `` Ecstasy '' ) , LSD , marijuana extract ( tetrahydrocannibol ) , and cocaine as incapacitating `` calmatives , '' but some of these illegal drugs may have ended up being sold for a profit .
Certain CW facilities also carried out research on the suitability of using illegal drugs such as methaqualone ( `` Quaaludes '' ) , MDMA ( `` Ecstasy '' ) , LSD , marijuana extract ( tetrahydrocannibol ) , and cocaine as incapacitating `` calmatives , '' but some of these illegal drugs may have ended up being sold for a profit .
Smoking or chewing tobacco in pregnancy may therefore be especially hazardous to women in developing countries . 
Certain CW facilities also carried out research on the suitability of using illegal drugs such as methaqualone ( `` Quaaludes '' ) , MDMA ( `` Ecstasy '' ) , LSD , marijuana extract ( tetrahydrocannibol ) , and cocaine as incapacitating `` calmatives , '' but some of these illegal drugs may have ended up being sold for a profit .
In view of what occurred later , one may believe that the young man was intoxicated . 
In France , radicals who agreed on little else invaded the National Assembly in May 1848 with the object of goading it into action on the Polish question .
Angiogenesis-inhibitors may one day also help treat diseases such as rheumatism , psoriasis and diseases of the eye , which are characterised by an invasion of tissues by blood vessels
Paddy Mayne 's veterans were remarkably successful but were soon overrun by the advancing Eighth Army .
Fazlullah , governor of neighboring Lowgar province , said Tuesday that the initial assault may have failed because the Americans had not chosen the most experienced local fighters for the campaign .
Reporting from Washington â€� Millions of dollars in American taxpayer funds may have been paid to Taliban fighters in southern Afghanistan to provide security for a U. S. development project , a government audit has found .
By some accounts , a fighter in a New York Yankees cap may have captured him .
The little towns through which the road runs may once have been important , but are now picturesque backwaters . 
Conservationists are therefore understandably alarmed by news that this remarkable community of organisms may soon be joined by Arthur M. Ratliff Jr , a tobacco-chewing , hillbilly millionaire from the backwoods of Virginia . 
Some may go to out-of-the-way places to sniff which can add to the dangers . 
Parents may hold their babies close and convey love for and admiration of their bodies , or they may hold them away and register distaste , even disgust , for some of their bodily functions . 
At last he may be turning into a credible historical figure , capable of being understood , even admired . 
Picture appreciation may involve reading clues or decoding messages which give information about the subject 's social status , tastes and fashions at that time . 
There was always the possibility , of course , that his suggestion of a fortnight ago may have been a whim of the moment , and he would no longer be approving of the idea . 
Georgiana Greenwood may have been partly to blame , but it had to do with the fact that we really were n't running the conference out of the college . 
The symbolic damnation of Saddam-Hitler may then reveal a great deal about the fears and anxieties , and maybe even the guilt , of this post-historical world . 
Much as I may deplore it , for the moment you 're very much my responsibility . " 
Some of the differences in aggressiveness between boys and girls may be due to the fact that parents tend to disapprove more of aggression in girls . 
We may disapprove -- but it is clearly within the law . 
That may be a rather spectacular and extravagant way of showing his disdain for factual knowledge erm which no doubt can go too far . 
Giving an employee more money may not motivate him/her if that individual needs to satisfy the desire for respect and the esteem of colleagues . 
Nowadays they may be esteemed by their peers who know something of their work , but this esteem has little currency value in the committee-rooms where performance is appraised . 
Okay , the Irish selectors may be at fault for not ` finding " him earlier . 
The arithmetic can not be faulted -- and may well be judged too clever by half . 
Although as a general he may be faulted , in diplomatic skill and political understanding he towered head and shoulders above his Middle Eastern rivals , Muslim and Christian alike . 
In the judgment delivered on 7th May the court found that Section 79 had been correctly interpreted by the Law Society and that the Assistant Director 's decision could not be faulted in terms of rationality or fairness . 
There may be the tendency to scorn the Irish for their olde worlde attitude . 
They may do this through looking disinterested or scornful , blatantly not listening , interrupting , asking difficult questions and going on the attack . 
Many older people retain a strong sense of the social stigma attached to heavy drinking and may consequently be unable or unwilling easily to volunteer the information . 
A possible disadvantage is that , since such offences may lack the stigma of the word ` manslaughter " , they may tend to underplay the gravity of the behaviour involved . 
Furthermore we may appear , by using an epidemiological approach , to have added to the stigma of heroin use by comparing it with a ` disease " . 
The perceived social stigma of a tuberculosis diagnosis may be so severe as to cause people to avoid testing or treatment . 
The ultimate answers about why stigma persists may lie in an examination of why people fear differences , fear the future , fear the unknown , and therefore stigmatize that which is different and unknown . 
Essentially this is big-hall playing , and those who prize the French repertoire above all for its intimacy and charm may feel short-changed . 
This in turn may have been caused by the fact that the gastropod that previously controlled the echinoderm was prized by human tourists . 
Thousands of soviet radicals have jeered and booed President Gorbachev in Red Square during the first non-communist MayDay celebrations . 
Pearson 's plan to send people ` like so many parcels in a pneumatic tube " met with mockery from Henry Mayhew , the journalist and sociologist . 
Intellectual prowess may be valued in the research department , whereas persuasion may be the most valued skill in marketing .
As reprehensible are provisions enabling the Secretary of State to make ( to use a favourite phrase ) ` such supplementary , incidental or consequential provisions as may be expedient for the purposes " of the Act .
Mutual recriminations over the policy of the Lithuanian Bank and the government were made throughout May , over the printing of the new currency and over relations with the ex-Soviet banking structures . 
The Democratic Unionist Leader , the Reverend Ian Paisley , has been suspended from Westminster for five days after refusing to withdraw accusations about Sir Patrick Mayhew . 
UNITA accused the government of using chemical bombs in the eastern province of Moxico , and said that at least 500 civilians were killed there between May 1 and 13 . 
If a cat kills a mouse we may feel sorry for the mouse but we no longer accuse the cat of wickedness . 
Although each side accused the other with ceasefire violations throughout May , observers noted a definite lull in the fighting . 
There is a strong tendency to belittle or ignore sexual activity in old age , but the feelings of carers may be affected by the degree of frustration experienced in that aspect of life . 
Reports in the Western media in March 2003 charged that Iran may have taken this step .
` I expect it is , but it 's the truth , and you 're the last person to condemn me for telling the truth , even though it may offend you to hear it . " 
The Moslem Brotherhood movement in Cairo on May 8 strongly condemned the killings along with " similar outbreaks in recent years " . 
If I read Shakespeare 's The Merchant of Venice and notice the anti-semitism which surrounds the character of Shylock , I may be bothered by it , even condemn Shakespeare for his anti-semitism . 
One may condemn such a reaction on grounds of hygiene , but not on any other grounds . 
These may be provoked by the lowered self esteem that many suffer as a result of teasing and criticism by peers , parents , and teachers . 
Justice is done in public so it may be discussed and criticised in public . " 
Considerable ingenuity may be required to discover non-racial criteria for racial discrimination and non-racial reasons for criticizing other races . 
So while we may decry our predecessors ' excessive self-absorption , we have again to salute their ingenuity in developing a valuable and indispensable part of the archaeologist 's armoury of techniques . 
Whatever may be said about Ecclesiastes -- and many things have been said about him -- he decried traditional wisdom . 
It invites denigration , even denial , of the link between physical care and care for the whole person whose body needs tending , and therefore of the knowledge and skill which such activities may require . 
On May 17 Chamlong denounced Suchinda as a dictator at a rally in Sanam Luang Square attended by an estimated 150,000 people . 
In the Supreme Soviet debate following Ryzhkov 's May 24 address radicals and conservatives alike denounced the market reform proposals as ill-conceived . 
However , on May 11 Iraqi radio had broadcast a statement by these councils denouncing the forthcoming Kurdish elections . ) 
This is the idea that denunciation can help to reduce the incidence of crime -- a notion which may at first seem somewhat obscure , but which has a distinguished intellectual pedigree . 
But that interference may well have kept the review on course , as the clock ticked on and the derision from Labour grew louder . 
The women may be " disparaged " ( 4271 ) but are not shown to be outraged at what has happened to them . 
For those who want a little more than Dulux Silk Emulsion , may we recommend ‘ Colefax & Fowler , the Best In English Interior Decoration ’ , a publication lauding the USM-listed interior decorator . 
Some of the wilder allegations involve the colourful Mr De la Rosa , who resigned from Torras in May 1992 , with , he says , glowing praise from KIO for a job well done . 
It may be extremely hard for your employer to justify a poor grading at assessment time when earlier in the year you received a letter from the chairman specifically thanking and praising you for your efforts . 
Mr May has praised Leah 's parents Christine , 28 , and Kevin , 33 , of Rossmore , Ellesmere Port , who , he says , have shown remarkable strength . 
He may even have specifically praised the Roman rule over Spain , though the passages from Strabo which are quoted to prove this seem to me simply thoughts of Strabo himself praising the pax romana of Augustus . 
The Parlement of Bordeaux , for example , gave forcible expression in a remonstrance of May 1757 to the idea that it was the guardian of the ` ancient and fundamental laws " of France and could and should not register any legislation which infringed these . 
Just as young children will cry and remonstrate or say ` do n't leave me " , so the adult may use just the same words or convey by their behaviour that this is their worry . 
It may well be the case that an egregious idiocy has formed the basis of a political tradition -- examples of this are plentiful -- but ridiculing an historical phenomenon does not explain it . 
The learner may even be ridiculed for taking too long in her care , and an attitude of ` why bother ? " will develop . 
` When you 've finished ridiculing your superior officer , you may care to give your attention to what we learnt back there . " 
I may say that it was not my intention to allow Harold Wilson to become involved in a full-scale lawsuit in circumstances where not so much odium but ridicule would be poured on him . 
The ridicule to which the dupes are condemned may be explicitly orchestrated by the author , by providing characters within the text to laugh at the victim . 
The Saturday Review on 16th May , 1857 , the day after the Lords debate , launched a characteristically scathing attack on the Duke of Buccleuch 's appointment as judge . 
Mrs Maybury was quite scathing about it , but she is a little old-fashioned , and times have changed . 
Cynics may scoff that he is yet another stiff-upper-lip , old-soldier type , having come like so many of the august men of the Club from a military background before moving on to sugar . 
Some may scoff and say impossible … it can never happen ! 
But Warrington have warned they may cite Jones for a different challenge in the same game . 
On May 11th , Joe Biden , a Democratic senator who chairs the European sub-committee of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , indulged in an outburst against Europe , castigating its response as a ` mosaic of indifference , timidity , self-delusion and hypocrisy " . 
And the mother may castigate the daughter for her unruly behaviour , at the same time betraying a sly triumph when she relates how uncontrollable and wilful the girl is . 
The Pope 's Vicar of Rome , Cardinal Ugo Poletti , has taken to scolding the Christian Democrats for their divisions which may bring victory for the secular parties and the Communists in city elections on 29 October . 
If a judge has slept badly , has had an indigestible breakfast , tripped over the cat , has been roundly abused by his wife and scolded by his children , or if his mind has been distracted by the children 's school reports , a narrow defeat at a curling match or whatever , he may be temporarily off form . 
May I thank the Prime Minister for allowing his Ministers to vote as they wish on the Wild Mammals ( Protection ) Bill on Friday 14 February , St. Valentine 's day ? 
There is also the hereditary factor and cellulite does tend to run in families , so you may have your mother to thank for passing it on to you ! 
Julia Bard ( ` The priests have it " , 1 May ) rebukes anti-racists for turning a blind eye to religious fundamentalism , and cites a recent issue of the Runnymede Trust Bulletin to illustrate her argument . 
However much , privately , she may have hated seeing her husband drink , or hearing him swear , she would never rebuke him in front of others . 
When Bishop Asser says that Alfred severely chastised those who disobeyed his orders , he may be referring to action of a similar sort . 
In addition , as I 've pointed out here before , the auto industry is facing severe problems with excess capacity , so reducing the number of players in the global marketplace may decrease the chance of dramatic overbuilding .
Doctors reported that fenfluramine and phentermine , a popular diet pill combination , may cause severe heart-valve disease . The story is all over front pages and the TV news because the pills are prescribed about 20 million times a year .
Several features of Hsp90 suggest that it is an evolutionary buffer , capable of hiding and then releasing genetic variation : ( 1 ) individuals heterozygous for mutations in Hsp83 ( the gene encoding Hsp90 ) show increased levels of morphological abnormalities ; ( 2 ) individuals treated with a pharmacological inhibitor of Hsp90 show severe morphological abnormalities ; ( 3 ) the normal function of Hsp90 is to stabilise the tertiary structure of signal transduction molecules involved in developmental pathways ; and ( 4 ) this function may be compromised by environmental factors , e.g. , heat shock .
Disease severity does not seem to affect this complication : deafness may develop in mild as well as in severe cases .
It may be that the aberrations induced by this mutant protein were sufficient select for down-regulated expression from the pGS58 vector , or the aberrations may be more severe in E. coli . A second mutation of Wang et al .
Transfer may be justified in the child 's interests , for example , where it would enable the case to be heard in a court closer to the child 's home .
Conditions on the granting of bail may be imposed by the magistrates ' court on defendants against whom charges are pending .
Ed_Henry : Democrats say they also want to signal they 're ready to stand up to the Republican majority and may even filibuster the president 's latest Supreme Court pick Samuel Alito a move that would make these events seem like the opening fireworks in a much nastier battle .
The Washington Post once got widely mocked for an editorial justifying the publication of a damaging rumor about a public official with the argument that while the rumor may not be true , it is true there is a rumor .
and uh there 's just no reason to justify killing a person and you know there may be an economic reason but i do n't think that 's sufficient to justify uh killing someone
In effect , the tale merely serves as a device for taking a swipe at Starr , which may be justifiable , but this piece does n't bother to justify it .
The child may rationalise the situation by saying that the family is the only family he or she knows and thereby acquire a psychic balance .
Whilst they may be able to rationalize what they have done , there is usually a strong element of disappointment about the broken relationship .
The JNA itself claimed that Slovenes had kidnapped two of its soldiers on May 23 , releasing them only when tanks and armoured vehicles arrived at the defence force headquarters near Maribor . 
Nevertheless , the discussions broke down in acrimony on May 22 after the Japanese delegation raised the issue of a Japanese woman allegedly abducted by North Korean agents 13 years earlier . 
The programme prompted a huge stream of calls from viewers who thought they may know the man who abducted Stephanie and held her captive for eight days before escaping with a £175,000 ransom . 
Evidence emerged yesterday suggesting that the two boys who abducted James from the Strand shopping centre in Bootle on Friday may have tried to take away two other children an hour before . 
If you fear that your child may be abducted , either here or abroad , contact a solicitor immediately . 
Evidence emerged yesterday suggesting that the two boys who abducted James from the Strand shopping centre in Bootle on Friday may have tried to take away two other children an hour before . 
It may seem sentimental to wish to see in this return of the young woman to her mother , in a spring in England half a life-time ago , the restoration to her agonized parent of that child snatched in a darker place , a darker time . 
The move followed a diplomatic row precipitated by the reported abduction in May of a senior Indian diplomat based in Islamabad [ see p. 38914 ] . 
On May 28 the Prime Minister , Shaikh Saad al Abdullah al Salem as Sabah , admitted that the torture and abduction of non-Kuwaitis continued in the emirate and promised to order a thorough investigation . 
Inter-village hostility may include the abduction of women or the murder of a member passing through alien territory , while a series of deaths in a village may be interpreted as the result of sorcery on the part of other villages . 
Police hunting for clues in the hunt for the kidnapper of the Birmingham estate agent , Stephanie Slater believe there may be a connection with the kidnap and murder of the teenager , Julie Dart . 
ALLEGATIONS that the Swiss government failed to pay kidnappers for the release of an abducted Red Cross official in Sidon last year may lie behind the seizure yesterday of two more Swiss delegates of the International Red Cross . 
ALLEGATIONS that the Swiss government failed to pay kidnappers for the release of an abducted Red Cross official in Sidon last year may lie behind the seizure yesterday of two more Swiss delegates of the International Red Cross . 
One day , the irony may very well kill you .
Five people were assassinated at Acerra , near Naples , on May 1 by a group of men who apparently belonged to the Camorra , the Neapolitan equivalent of the Mafia . 
May 1865 , shortly after President Lincoln had been assassinated on 14th . 
Margaret , Countess of Salisbury , after having been sentenced without trial and harshly imprisoned in the Tower of London for two years , was brutally beheaded on Tower Green on 27 May 1541 
There may be times when you feel entitled to exterminate strangers but strangers do not engage in quarrels , nor do they intermarry . 
Other groups of reptiles were not exterminated at this time , even though their fossils may be found in rocks as old as those that yield dinosaurs and the other spectacular , extinct groups . 
To entice a man in cold blood with the object of murdering him is another , whatever danger you may fear from him .
` Sir Ralph may have been slain by peasant leaders plotting rebellion . 
If Grom is slain he may still try to regenerate wounds suffered , and if successful he is not killed after all . 
In the latter case it is important to remove the dead algae as this will deoxygenate the water during its decomposition and may asphyxiate the fish .
Substances that are lethal if inhaled , imbibed or touched may do no harm at all when safely confined to a well-run tip . 
Plastic bags may be lethal when swallowed in mistake for food . 
We can not be sure , since the thalamus is a very important structure and damage to it may be lethal for a variety of reasons . 
If an outbreak has occurred , earth runs may be treated with sodium borate which is lethal to hookworm larvae , but this also kills grass . 
Although the majority of the CW stockpile in the North may not be of the more sophisticated and lethal nerve agent variety , it may contain a large quantity of casualty agents such as mustard , phosgene , and Lewisite , all compounds that are relatively easy to manufacture .
Jesus may not have supported a particular party line , but His criticism of the political-religious leaders of His day led to His crucifixion on a Roman gibbet . 
At least 27 people were said to have been massacred on a squatter site at Swaniesville near Johannesburg on May 12 by Zulu attackers from a nearby hostel , armed with spears and said to number around 1,000 . 
There were renewed protests in late May which coincided with a 10-day commemoration of the anniversary of the 1980 Kwangju uprising , a pro-democracy rebellion which had been brutally suppressed with the killing of up to 2,000 civilians . 
` She wore no pants , but there was no evidence of sexual interference , whatever her killer 's intention may have been , "  he said . 
Four months later her killer is still at large and detectives are looking at the possibility that she may not have been his first victim 
The Supreme Court in Kinshasa passed sentence on May 16 on eight of those held responsible for a massacre by troops at Lubumbashi University in May 1990 [ see p. 37553 ] . 
This does n't necessarily mean they were practising infanticide , although some of them may have been . 
Indeed , a factor of some importance in the slaying of Eorpwald may have been hostility to the way in which the kingdom of the eastern Angles had sunk under his rule to satellite status . 
John Ngu Foncha , a former Vice-President , had on June 8 resigned as vice-president of the RDPC , protesting among other things at the shooting in May of six people at a pro-democracy demonstration in Bamenda . 
I would prefer not to have my guy stand up and say I may have been involved in an assassination . " 
Many of the exotic fruits may provide a wonderful meal for the traveller , but some contain a deadly poison . 
Biologists at Fort Detrick 's newest biodefense center may be asked to make some of the world 's deadliest microbes even more dangerous than they already are .
If the mussel is eaten by an animal or by a person , the poisons that have built up inside the mollusc may prove fatal . 
Morrell also said that as more Afghan Taliban leaders are " picked up , taken out , killed , arrested -- whatever it may be , " the security situation would improve .
If they need some quick cash they may have sold your father to another group as a long-term investment . " 
However , if the timing of the mother starting work coincides with other disturbing events such as death of the father , it may well be interpreted as a threatening event and lead to some distress . 
New mothers are so terrified of their babies getting cold that they may run into the opposite danger . 
The owner of the house , Mrs Maylie , was an older woman , but her niece , Rose , was a girl of seventeen , whose quiet beauty and gentle charm won all hearts . 
Victims of the intensifying violence included two nephews of Mandela killed by gunmen at their home in Soweto on May 3 . 
` Brothers have been brothers " bane -- and may the nephew be sure of the uncle ? 
In some cases , a mother-in-law may openly draw unfavourable comparisons between her son-in-law and her husband ( who may be deceased and perhaps over-idealised in her memory ) . 
We feel Betty Willis may well be a record-breaker with the super-size socks she made for her super-size son-in-law whose super-loud voice gave him fifth place ( out of 100 contestants ) in the 1991 world championships for Town Criers . 
As for the girls , only Kate , who is the eldest stepdaughter , has been firm in her insistence ; she is going to be married to Mr Urquhart , despite anything her stepmother may say . 
No matter how damaging to individuals may be the consequences of a publication , the right to free speech must prevail unless the individuals possess an established legal right that the publication would infringe : In the case of Re X ( a minor ) the mother and stepfather of a sensitive fourteen year old girl sought to stop publication of a book which ascribed depraved and immoral behaviour to her deceased father . 
` I may not yet be family , but I do know enough about you to know you do n't have a stepbrother . " 
For adopted children that quest may include tracing their natural or birth parents . 
Emma Butler , 12 , was at a sports day with her family in May when the accident happened at the European School for children of nuclear scientists near Abingdon in Oxon . 
The children of the rich may work in health food shops or other faddish and esoteric pursuits which utilize their educational experience and may provide a more acceptable form of class reproduction than simple inheritance . 
Because they are viewed in this light parents may respond with diffidence to those carrying out the assessment of their child and simply reflect back and reinforce professional perceptions . 
Alternatively the parents may use the child as a pawn in their battles and try to gain allegiance from the child ( Minuchin 1974 ; , Barker 1986 ) . 
Amongst children it may even make begging more lucrative than going to school or helping the family in the fields . 
Sections 1 and 2 have explained the procedure that must be followed , this section explains the additional tasks that the family may have to perform . 
The families of the new wage earners may feel the accomplishment in terms of a house to live in , money to purchase food -- without food stamps -- and the beginning of a family focused on success , not hopelessness .
The families of the new wage earners may feel the accomplishment in terms of a house to live in , money to purchase food -- without food stamps -- and the beginning of a family focused on success , not hopelessness .
It may help a family stay together .
In particular , it appears that the magnitude of the genetic component of Alzheimer disease risk is similar across ethnic communities , but that different genetic factors may contribute differently to that risk in white , Latino , and African American families [ 5 ] .
All such kinsmen are , from a girl 's point of view , either " brothers " or " cross-cousins " and she may not marr y a " brother " . 
Despite Alcuin 's reservations about Eardwulf , the king must have stepped into the shoes of the slain Aethelred as a recipient of Carolingian favours and may even have married a kinswoman of Charlemagne . 
Until I can repay the dowry , I have set aside apartments in my household , where my kinswoman may keep her own establishment however she may dispose . 
This may well understate the extent of contact by the working class who may well see their relatives living nearby several times in one week . 
6- The call to adhere to Islam in general , and spreading the concept of Jihad specifically , starts with relatives and friends. ( T.C : Koranic verse ) You may not be able to do this , if your work demands extreme secrecy , like Naeem IBn Mas'uud ( May God bless him ) .
Outside the family , the claims of work and career ( which may be at their strongest at this time ) may either frustrate paternal longings or provide compensation for the displacement . 
While natural parents may be inadequate , even neglectful and cruel , this has to be balanced against the unsuitability of state agencies to fulfil the parental role , particularly in the long term . 
A curious feature of the scene is that the worshipping woman seems to be naked apart from an anklet and what may be a sacral knot tied round her neck . 
It could be argued that such questions are of little value as respondents may be unwilling to label themselves as being in poor health .
To label Nizan a Stalinist may appear unjustified and even reprehensible to those whose image of Nizan is circumscribed by the rebellious , iconoclastic picture projected by Sartre .
The press may have labelled them all Brats , but not all of them had any great desire to raise hell and make headlines .
Third , the record may go out of date , so that work can no longer be extracted by reference to the record .
Luis Vaz de Camoes ( 1524 - 1580 ) , the Portuguese national poet whose work immortalized that country 's golden age of discoveries , may have stayed in Macau .
Milosevic , said Clark , `` may have thought that NATO really would n't launch the airstrikes .
On May 29 , Clarke suggested that Rice ask DCI Tenet what more the United States could do to stop Abu Zubaydah from launching '' a series of major terrorist attacks , '' probably on Israeli targets , but possibly on U.S. facilities .
Of course , a party may be excused from having to produce a document on the grounds that this would violate the law of the place where the document is kept .
Above all , the water companies may pass on to their customers any new costs caused by changes in environmental regulations .
The prototype Series F first flew in May 69 and was certified on 20 Jan 70 , becoming the first executive jet to meet the U.S. FAR Part 36 stringent anti-noise regulations .
It may also be possible to claim damages against a local authority for negligently failing to ensure that construction work complied with the relevant building regulations .
You may feel secure in your role within the family , but a new boss at work , for example , may mean that your assumptions about your professional status are challenged . 
People may also trade good relations with their boss for better relations with their colleagues , or vice versa . 
This agent , who may or may not be affiliated with a freight forwarder , prepares the charter party bill of lading and gives it to the captain for his signature , subject to charter party conditions . 
As town councils may elect a mayor there is the curious anomaly of local town mayors existing within shire districts headed by a chairperson . 
As reported on May 28 , the court stated that Maj. Carlos Camilio Hernandez , a former director of San Salvador 's military academy , had ordered the burning of logbooks detailing the movements of possible murder suspects . 
It `` may well be '' that theft of business data is `` as serious a strategic threat to national security '' as it is a threat to the survival of victimized U.S. firms , said Michelle Van Cleave , the White House 's assistant director for National Security Affairs .
The British captured Eritrea , and on 5 May the Emperor of Abyssinia returned to Addis Ababa , five years after leaving it . 
And even Prince Sihanouk , who many onlookers regard as the man with the best chance of leading a stable Cambodian government , may have an interest in seeing the UN 's efforts founder . 
Riegler , the Federal Vice-Chancellor , had led the party since May 1989 but announced his resignation as party leader on May 23 . 
Queen Elizabeth is already the longest-serving monarch of the twentieth century , and may possibly be on the throne even longer than Victoria . 
On her first official visit to Derbyshire in fourteen years , Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother , President of the National Trust , received a royal welcome at Calke Abbey in May . 
Although a GOP president may limit local benefits to the voter 's particular district/state , such a president is also likely to be more effective at preventing other districts/states and their legislators from bringing home the local benefits .
Ed_Henry : Democrats say they also want to signal they 're ready to stand up to the Republican majority and may even filibuster the president 's latest Supreme Court pick Samuel Alito a move that would make these events seem like the opening fireworks in a much nastier battle .
Completed application forms and both recommendations should reach the Principal by 9 May 1991 . 
We feel that this may be helpful to Principals in deciding the appropriate action to take within their own colleges . 
Robert II reigned for 19 years and died in Dundonald Castle on 13th May , 1390 . 
Its members may rule society with arrogance and haughty self-assurance . 
With the backing of Congress , PM Gowda ruled until May 1997 , when Congress unseated him and appointed Inder Kurnal Gujral in his place .
In May 1782 , New Providence surrendered to a large Spanish-American invasion fleet from Cuba and for the next year a Spanish governor ruled the Bahamas .
You may contribute to running the Home by attending its residents ' committee meetings . 
The American vice-president , Dan Quayle , arrived in Japan on May 20th for two days of talks that touched on everything from Japan 's closed market for car-parts to its total ban on rice imports . 
FBI officials find what they believe may be explosives in the car . 
US officials report that Iran can produce several hundred tons of chemical agent annually and that it may have already produced as much as 2,000 tons of agent , including mustard , cyanide , and possibly sarin nerve agent , at plants near Qazvin , Parchin , and Esfahan .
Police also find a second house where authorities believe two others may have assembled the bomb , possibly doing some welding . 
Yet although small terrorist cells may be more motivated to use CBW and harder for counterterrorism authorities to interdict , they may lack the technical and financial resources needed to produce and deliver CBW agents .
Authorities say the investigation into how it started may take up to three days to finish .
According to U.S. government estimates , Iran can produce 1,000 metric tons of agent per year and may have a stockpile of at least several thousand metric tons of weaponized and bulk agent .
According to U.S. government estimates , Iran can produce 1,000 metric tons of agent per year and may have a stockpile of at least several thousand metric tons of weaponized and bulk agent .
However , some analysts speculate that North Korean scientists were present during Pakistan 's nuclear tests in May 1998 , and that Pyongyang could have obtained a tested bomb design from Islamabad or from Pakistani scientists without government approval .
Although the U.S. government believes that the BW agent stockpiles have been destroyed , activities that contravene the BWC may continue at a few military biological facilities in Russia .
Some definitions of terrorism go beyond sub - state actors to include repressive governments that may carry out acts of `` state terrorism '' against their own citizens .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
On May 24th 146 American congressmen , over a third of the House of Representatives , sent a letter urging him ` to clearly exercise civilian authority over the armed forces " .
Joseph M. McDade , a Republican congressman who had represented Pennsylvania for 30 years , was on May 5 charged with racketeering , conspiracy and falsifying his financial disclosure statements .
Although a GOP president may limit local benefits to the voter 's particular district/state , such a president is also likely to be more effective at preventing other districts/states and their legislators from bringing home the local benefits .
MICHAEL JACKSON and actor JACK LEMMON will chair a tribute to chimpanzee researcher Dr Jane Goodall in Beverly Hills California , in May .
The Los Angeles police chief Daryl F. Gates was reinstated in his job on May 14 after Superior Court Judge Ronald Sohigian ruled that the city 's civilian police commission had acted improperly in suspending him .
TRANSACTIONS on the money market worth £6bn undertaken by Hammersmith and Fulham Council may have to be honoured , even if ruled unlawful , it was suggested in the High Court yesterday .
Straws in the wind : A baby boom in Moscow may be signaling the renewal of Russian optimism , according to the New York Times . California 's Supreme Court ruled that victims of age discrimination in the workplace have the same rights as victims of race and sex discrimination .
The court judged that their principles , objectives and methods conformed with the sharia ( Islamic law ) and was satisfied that they sought to preserve national unity , social peace , the socialist democratic system and socialist gains in keeping with the principles of the July 1952 and May 1971 revolutions .
The Supreme Constitutional Court judged on May 19 that the People 's Assembly had been unconstitutionally elected in 1987 because a 1986 amendment to the 1972 electoral law had unfairly discriminated against independent candidates .
At the end of March 1915 the FA decreed that no wages were to be paid to players during May , June and July , and reduced the maximum wage further from £4 to £3 .
After a previous round of talks , held in Moscow earlier in the month , Niyazov decreed on May 26 that conscripts in the Turkmen armed forces should serve for 18 months ( but for two years with the navy and for one year by those with higher education ) .
Certain CW facilities also carried out research on the suitability of using illegal drugs such as methaqualone ( `` Quaaludes '' ) , MDMA ( `` Ecstasy '' ) , LSD , marijuana extract ( tetrahydrocannibol ) , and cocaine as incapacitating `` calmatives , '' but some of these illegal drugs may have ended up being sold for a profit .
Legal abortion may have its greatest demographic impact in reducing pre-maritally conceived births and ` forced " marriages .
Hence people who enter the premises as lawful visitors may not remain so if they step outside of their invitation or permission to be on the premises .
The Army may train law enforcement officials and lend them equipment for use in drug raids .
Left to its own means , however , agency may cause strong hierarchies to reform , the balance of power to be lost , and , most importantly , the trust and co-operation necessary for people and information to move across boundaries to be forfeited .
This will open us to the possibility that over time and for certain reasons , the pre-eminent countries of today may become weak in the future .
Under the WGMS the power of voters may appear to be restricted .
Wind Power The power of the winds , worldwide , may be estimated at three or four times total world energy consumption .
Admittedly , Huaiwiri was a peaceful place , which may reflect the exceptional power of women there .
One reason the military men , long the real power in Guatemala , changed their tune may have been the unity , and the strength , with which Guatemalans opposed the president 's power grab .
Some forceful pushing may help get through a barrier , but it may also produce dependency on me to keep pushing .
The new discovery , of weakness in welded joints , may delay plans to reopen the plant 's two reactors .
Continued economic weakness in Japan , aggravated by the recent strength of the yen , may increase the volume of doubtful loans .
Sometimes this involves heavy conflict , and he may ever after be sensitive to the threat posed by powerful women who try to dominate him .
There may also be gymnastic balls of various sizes : these are like beach balls , but are made of extra strong plastic .
Left to its own means , however , agency may cause strong hierarchies to reform , the balance of power to be lost , and , most importantly , the trust and co-operation necessary for people and information to move across boundaries to be forfeited .
Today , gazing out from Beeston 's summit , you may feel that such a castle must have been impregnable .
This means that leaded bronze is relatively weak and may explain why the statuette in Figure 5.2 , which has a particularly high lead content of about 30 per cent , was broken at the neck .
I would be wrong not to mention bulbs which may not always be hardy in all winter weather conditions .
The fact that many people were buried without durable dress-fasteners may imply that organic materials were often used , either on their own or in conjunction with metal fasteners ; a few bone buttons are known .
For example , some surgical implants may have a greater durability or offer greater freedom of movement to the patient than others .
Sick dogs often have very poor blood pressure and their veins may be fragile , which may also create difficulties .
On occasions offices may require pupils to use copies , especially of popular or fragile material .
While this may be true , we should remember the fragility and plasticity of the human psyche .
Similarly , the robustness of female Australian aboriginal bones may be far greater than is generally found in male pygmies .
It is good to have a focal point such as an icon , or cross on or near the altar ; a lighted candle may be put by it during each pause .
Ulster , the provincial champions , may well fancy their chances on November 21 , but Leinster look certain to face an uphill struggle even though the tourists have rested 13 of the team that beat Wales . 
I may add that Miss Burnet 's age and character make it certain that my first idea that there might be a love interest in our story is out of the question .
Whatever the volatile attractant to the syconia may be , it is likely that the parasitoids find it attractive too . 
Although a GOP president may limit local benefits to the voter 's particular district/state , such a president is also likely to be more effective at preventing other districts/states and their legislators from bringing home the local benefits .
In the case of ancient or medieval coinage the existence in different groups of coins of different or similar patterns of die axis may support or reduce the likelihood of some coins belonging in the same group . 
It is possible that someone may have half pulled the jettison knob . 
Had a different set of factors existed it is possible a rather different approach may have emerged . 
Investigators say it 's possible the money may have been taken to Iraq or Turkey to buy refugee supplies on the spot . 
Indeed , the possibility that he may actually have known Rodrigo can not be ruled out , and offers a tantalizing possibility that we may be reading a first-hand account . 
He was not at all put off by the possibility that his alternative ` may well be even more cruel " . 
Key data sources for DPRK include defector testimony , which may be unreliable given possibility of deliberate disinformation by double agents and defectors exaggerating what they know , and unclassified estimates by US intelligence agencies , which may have certain biases based on national interest , worst - case expectations , domestic politics , etc. Also , most estimates do not rely on original texts in Korean , which may introduce some errors due to translation issues .
Poor vulval conformation may benefit from Caslick 's operation ; a minor operation performed under local anaesthetic which lessens the chances of infection , and improves the chances of conception . 
The probability of such an event may be low , but the consequences would be serious since investment income for long-term funds is approximately half as large as their total premium income . 
The United States alleges that Iran may have started to develop small quantities of agent , possibly including mycotoxins , ricin , and the smallpox virus .
No two years are alike , and what succeeds this year may fail next : further , your early plans will be made without complete knowledge of all the factors , and modifications are bound to be necessary . 
If he follows the correct path , he may be able to look back on this election as the high-water mark of far-left opposition .
Unemployment still is officially recorded at 16.5 % , the highest rate in Europe , although actual joblessness may be lower .
They may not be among the `` best and brightest '' of their generation -- there are very few such people , by definition .
Decades of educational research tell us unequivocally that even smaller classes have zero effect on the academic performance of the pupils -- though they may sometimes be desirable for other reasons .
A simple economic theory may provide at least a partial explanation for the split personality displayed by Americans in the voting booth .
Although a GOP president may limit local benefits to the voter 's particular district/state , such a president is also likely to be more effective at preventing other districts/states and their legislators from bringing home the local benefits .
Fourth , the theory indicates why the Republican Party may have a difficult time attracting viable candidates for congressional office .
Potential candidates may be discouraged from running less by the congressional salary than by the prospect of defeat at the hands of a Democratic opponent .
Fifth , the theory may provide at least a partial reason for why ticket splitting has been particularly pronounced in the South .
`` Says Mr. Baldwin , `` We recognize that we may no longer have as high a priority in church life and experience .
In sum , at both the federal and state government levels at least part of the seemingly irrational behavior voters display in the voting booth may have an exceedingly rational explanation .
The program appeared to begin as a peaceful one , but whatever Kim 's original intentions , the Cuban Missile Crisis may have prompted initiation of a dedicated nuclear weapons program .
Although the U.S. government believes that the BW agent stockpiles have been destroyed , activities that contravene the BWC may continue at a few military biological facilities in Russia .
The U.S. economy may be on the verge of falling back into recession after more than a year of half-hearted recovery that failed to generate either jobs or hope , according to economists .
The U.S. economy may be on the verge of falling back into recession after more than a year of half-hearted recovery that failed to generate either jobs or hope , according to economists .
The U.S. economy may be on the verge of falling back into recession after more than a year of half-hearted recovery that failed to generate either jobs or hope , according to economists .
Terrorists may seek to obtain greater status or bargaining power by demonstrating that they have the technological capabilities required to develop , produce , and deliver CBW agents .
Although the majority of the CW stockpile in the North may not be of the more sophisticated and lethal nerve agent variety , it may contain a large quantity of casualty agents such as mustard , phosgene , and Lewisite , all compounds that are relatively easy to manufacture .
The series of nuclear tests in 1995 - 96 prior to China 's signature of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty ( CTBT ) may have resulted in a smaller and lighter warhead design for the new generation of intercontinental ballistic missiles ( ICBMs ) now under development .
China is replacing its older DF-5 missiles with new DF -5A variants , which may eventually be equipped with multiple warheads .
China ratified the Chemical Weapons Convention ( CWC ) in December 1996 , declaring two former chemical weapons ( CW ) production facilities that may have produced mustard gas and Lewisite .
The psychology or ideology of a particular terrorist group or individual may lead to a fascination with poisons and disease .
Yet although small terrorist cells may be more motivated to use CBW and harder for counterterrorism authorities to interdict , they may lack the technical and financial resources needed to produce and deliver CBW agents .
The growth that has characterized Las Vegas for nearly a century may be facing a roadblock .
Even though electronic espionage may cost U.S. firms billions of dollars a year , most are n't yet taking precautions , the experts said .
Ed_Henry : Democrats say they also want to signal they 're ready to stand up to the Republican majority and may even filibuster the president 's latest Supreme Court pick Samuel Alito a move that would make these events seem like the opening fireworks in a much nastier battle .
Biologists at Fort Detrick 's newest biodefense center may be asked to make some of the world 's deadliest microbes even more dangerous than they already are .
During his four days in Iraq , Hall said he wanted to investigate reports from relief agencies that a quarter of Iraqi children may be suffering from chronic malnutrition .
Noriega is close to Castro and may once have been his agent .
6- The call to adhere to Islam in general , and spreading the concept of Jihad specifically , starts with relatives and friends. ( T.C : Koranic verse ) You may not be able to do this , if your work demands extreme secrecy , like Naeem IBn Mas'uud ( May God bless him ) .
1- The married have a vacation by rotation for a week every three weeks , and in certain cases AL-QAEDA may deny this vacation for four months .
ALQAEDA may deny his request for vacation in certain cases .
The boats may appear deceptively primitive , but many of them have their own electric generators and all the modern conveniences .
A half - hour tour costs HK$50 ; pay at the end , or the driver may cut your trip short .
The food may not live up to expectations , but the fantasy environment makes up for it .
Your contribution to Goodwill will mean more than you may know .
Chek Lap Kok airport sits on reclaimed land just off Lantau ; plans to build a bridge may change Lantau , but at present it is sparsely populated and makes a perfect getaway .
It was suggested , but never proved , that the deceased gentleman may have had valuables in the house , and that their abstraction was the motive of the crime .
Authorities say the investigation into how it started may take up to three days to finish .
These arguments are attractive , and might well justify private property in personal possessions , and also such productive assets as may be needed for the satisfactory fulfillment of an individual 's human potential .
I may add that Miss Burnet 's age and character make it certain that my first idea that there might be a love interest in our story is out of the question .
The decision to limit the size of Afghan security forces suggests the White House may be willing to question Petraeus ' blueprint .
Meanwhile , Bin Laden disappeared in Pakistan , limiting himself to increasingly rare pronouncements until May , when Navy SEALs landed in his Abbottabad compound and killed him .
Many of the words used in palaeography have broad meanings in normal English usage , or may be used in more than one way .
The first requirement is for the terms to be written in grammatically correct English--errors of grammar may disguise or even distort the meaning of a term .
We do not do so here , although it may be interesting to contemplate whether the Silicon Valley is , in the broadest sense , ‘feminised ' .
Similarly , the phrase recorded live , while it suggests the overtones of a concert rather than a studio performance , may still sound odd to an untrained ear ( this may be termed sound mixing , in a double sense ) .
Christmas may now be more hectic than in most families , but John and Veronica would n't have it any other way .
Garcia- Aguilera 's life of adventure and fame may seem charmed , but , like most exiles everywhere , she lives with the pain of having left her country .
Other strikes have hit military targets , including three Scud surface-to-surface missile launchers in or near Bani Walid , another remaining loyalist enclave southeast of Tripoli , where some also think Kadafi may be holed up .
The effort produced a series of bloody and clumsy confrontations that may have strengthened the militants ' position in the tribal areas .
Chek Lap Kok airport sits on reclaimed land just off Lantau ; plans to build a bridge may change Lantau , but at present it is sparsely populated and makes a perfect getaway .
It was perhaps as a member of Gloucester 's retinue that he fought at Bannockburn in June 1314 , where Gloucester was killed ; and his performance in the battle , for which he was later rewarded with land worth 100 marks a year , may have brought him to Edward II 's notice .
Biologists at Fort Detrick 's newest biodefense center may be asked to make some of the world 's deadliest microbes even more dangerous than they already are .
The US is concerned that Iran may have or acquire an unsafeguarded enrichment facility for which it might get parts from Eastern Europe ( PPNN , International Herald Tribune , 1/28/91 ) .
Time magazine reports that Iran has an enrichment plant - possibly a centrifuge facility - at Moallam Kalayeh , and may have another centrifuge plant at Karaj ( 6883 ) .
Iran is thought to possess a zero - power facility provided by the PRC , and China reportedly supplied small calutrons in about 1987 ; however , one report states that the PRC may not have delivered the calutrons .
Reports speculate Iran may be developing centrifuge facilities to enrich uranium at sites such as Moallem Kalayah and Karaj ; however , those providing the reports left during the reign of former Shah Reza Pahlavi .
For example , they may purchase raw or milled uranium ore from abroad , and then use indigenous facilities to enrich it to weapons - grade material .
Compared to plutonium - production facilities , the type of HEU production facilities that the DPRK may be developing would be difficult to detect , and therefore , it is difficult to accurately assess the program 's stage of development .
Although the U.S. government believes that the BW agent stockpiles have been destroyed , activities that contravene the BWC may continue at a few military biological facilities in Russia .
Certain CW facilities also carried out research on the suitability of using illegal drugs such as methaqualone ( `` Quaaludes '' ) , MDMA ( `` Ecstasy '' ) , LSD , marijuana extract ( tetrahydrocannibol ) , and cocaine as incapacitating `` calmatives , '' but some of these illegal drugs may have ended up being sold for a profit .
China ratified the Chemical Weapons Convention ( CWC ) in December 1996 , declaring two former chemical weapons ( CW ) production facilities that may have produced mustard gas and Lewisite .
Westinghouse Anniston , its subcontractors and the Anniston Chemical Agent Disposal Facility have more than 8.7 million safe work hours , 2,214 safe work days and a recordable injury rate of 0.49 per 200,000 hours worked as of the end of May .
If they fail , the temperature of the reactor core rises and the fuel melts and may breach the main containment above the reactor .
If Iran can adequately demonstrate peaceful intentions for its nuclear program and allows IAEA inspections , nuclear power reactor technology trade restraints may be lifted .
Texas-based Enron said Teesside was among several sites it may consider if it goes ahead with plans to build a new petrochemical plant in Europe .
US officials report that Iran can produce several hundred tons of chemical agent annually and that it may have already produced as much as 2,000 tons of agent , including mustard , cyanide , and possibly sarin nerve agent , at plants near Qazvin , Parchin , and Esfahan .
Time magazine reports that Iran has an enrichment plant - possibly a centrifuge facility - at Moallam Kalayeh , and may have another centrifuge plant at Karaj ( 6883 ) .
RESEARCH laboratories in California may soon be forced to abandon their use of stray pets for biomedical research .
The pig has rarely been used in physiology laboratories because of its size and temperament , but the development by animal breeders of a minipig with better temperament may change this .
When the first CPR train reached Vancouver on 23 May 1888 , the depot on the waterfront was no larger than a wooden shed .
Reports speculate Iran may be developing centrifuge facilities to enrich uranium at sites such as Moallem Kalayah and Karaj ; however , those providing the reports left during the reign of former Shah Reza Pahlavi .
In May 1989 Judge Baltasar Garzón travelled to Paris to question the senior ETA leaders Santiago Arróspide Sarasola ( '' Santi Potros '' -- arrested in Anglet in September 1987 ) , José Antonio Urrutikoetxea Bengoetxea ( '' Josu Ternera '' -- arrested on Jan. 11 , 1989 , in Bayonne -- see p. 36406 , where the date is wrongly given as Jan. 12 ) , Elena Beloki Resa ( arrested with Urrutikoetxea ) and Mariano Estebán González Betolaza ( arrested on April 14 in Montpellier , southern France ) ; in July Garzón requested the Spanish government to begin extradition proceedings against Arróspide for his part in organizing a May 1987 attack on the Madrid Civil Guard headquarters in which one person was killed .
FBI officials find what they believe may be explosives in the car . 
Police also find a second house where authorities believe two others may have assembled the bomb , possibly doing some welding . 
Pilgrimages are held on the 13th of every month , with the most important observances on that date in May and October .
The preamble to the final rule states that the rule is effective on the date of publication in the Federal Register , May 22, 1997 , because CCC has determined that it is impracticable , unnecessary , and contrary to the public interest to delay the effective date of the rule .
However , the dates may be off by an average of only 3 days .
` I may is well place before the dog over there the message of God as before those hungry millions who have no lustre in their eyes and whose only God is their bread . " 
And , just as an effective fishing lure may be fabricated from cheap , shiny metal , it is generally possible to summarise a commercial movie 's hook in one sentence . 
In sum , at both the federal and state government levels at least part of the seemingly irrational behavior voters display in the voting booth may have an exceedingly rational explanation .
However , on sunny Saturdays and Sundays you may have to brave a crowd lining up at the lower terminal .
Squeeze along on your hands and knees , then wriggle flat on your stomach , and you may reach an underground cavern .
You are getting older by the minute and one day soon you will be looking at men as old as Bob Dole ( see the `` '' column ) , and it may be your husband , so do n't lose the information , dearie .
( May 8, 1667 ) ; and `` This morning up , with mighty kind words between my poor wife and I '' ( November 20, 1668 ) .
A poor man named John Cordeaux was brazen enough to suggest [ May 27, 1893 ] that stoat is from the Anglo-Saxon steort , a tail .
` Well , they may have met through me , yes .
They had agreed to meet at Attigny on 8 May .
Iran agreed to an IAEA inspection schedule and to a mid - May 2004 deadline for the submission of complete details regarding its nuclear program and goals .
This may take the form of an agreement to purchase a minimum percentage of the forecast , or to compensate the seller for excess work in progress or inventories .
Firms may enter into formal information agreements , under which they undertake to exchange information on costs , outputs , prices , and discounts .
But it is Michael Jackson 's deal which may set precedents the music business will later regret .
In May 1998 , the London Daily Telegraph reported that `` Iran has concluded a secret deal with China to purchase banned chemicals that will enable it to become self-sufficient in producing large stockpiles of advanced nerve gas . ''
States which retain the death penalty may find it difficult to make effective their extradition treaties with parties to the European Convention or other human rights treaties with similar prohibitions of inhuman or degrading treatment .
The goat may bleat loudly and persistently and may go off her food ; she may jump other goats or be jumped by them . 
It rarely speaks , though if frightened it may bleat like a goat . some occasionally have goats ' shanks and hooves as well . 
` May birds are always cheeping " 
Loose boards will creak annoyingly as you walk over them , and raised edges or pronounced warping may show as lines through your new floorcovering . 
They may giggle and act as though they have not a serious thought in their heads , but they know exactly what they are up to . 
Growling like a mother cat may make a cat owner feel ridiculous , but if it helps to restrain a cat from tearing at a valuable chair , it is well worth a try . 
A kitten , deprived of its own mother and reared by people , may fail to learn to purr or miaow . 
The horse may also snort , which clears the respiratory tract , thereby increasing his smelling ability and also allowing ease of breathing if the object proves to be dangerous and flight is necessary . 
They may whine and cry ; sputter about everything ; not know what they want and are never satisfied , capriciously rejecting the things they have just asked for and such a temper . 
LOVE NOTES : The London Daily Mail speculates that Harrison Ford ( not quite divorced from Melissa Mathison ) and Calista Flockhart may be planning a wedding at Christmas .
In earlier years , he may have smiled indulgently on seeing us and our makeshift tables with their colourless array of old books and goods . 
First , launch aid may be seen as a pre-commitment by European governments not to allow Airbus to be bullied out of the industry . 
She told the tribunal that she had been pressured and bullied into working after commercial pressures forced Franlow to start trading on Sundays from May 1992 . 
Depending on how much time you have , you may want to combine two or three of the regions in order to get a sense of the great diversity of French life : Paris and the wine country , the mountains , or the Atlantic or Mediterranean coasts .
If the phrase `` soccer moms '' has rapidly become part of the political lexicon , it may be because it is cleverly positioned at the intersection of several different trends -- the rise of soccer as a middle-class pastime , the demanding lives of working women , the diversification of the suburbs , the popularity of the Dodge Caravan , and so on .
Though it may be inefficient , I think it reasonable that each locality can set the legal conditions of its own economic life , as American states do with regard to taxation , infrastructure , and a thousand other economic issues .
Gemini : ( May 21 � June 21 ) Though it 's true that you live a life of quiet desperation , with the right shabby clothes and scruffy beard , it could get you all the chicks .
Your youthful best pal may not remember things the way you do , he may be disinclined to pick up a long-distance friendship , or , sadly , his life may have gone haywire and he just is n't up to rejuvenating the old bond .
Although the majority of the CW stockpile in the North may not be of the more sophisticated and lethal nerve agent variety , it may contain a large quantity of casualty agents such as mustard , phosgene , and Lewisite , all compounds that are relatively easy to manufacture .
During the 1990s , the unavailability of precursors required to manufacture some nerve agents may very well have challenged the DPRK logistical supply network .
US officials report that Iran can produce several hundred tons of chemical agent annually and that it may have already produced as much as 2,000 tons of agent , including mustard , cyanide , and possibly sarin nerve agent , at plants near Qazvin , Parchin , and Esfahan .
In May 1998 , the London Daily Telegraph reported that `` Iran has concluded a secret deal with China to purchase banned chemicals that will enable it to become self-sufficient in producing large stockpiles of advanced nerve gas . ''
According to U.S. government estimates , Iran can produce 1,000 metric tons of agent per year and may have a stockpile of at least several thousand metric tons of weaponized and bulk agent .
According to U.S. government estimates , Iran can produce 1,000 metric tons of agent per year and may have a stockpile of at least several thousand metric tons of weaponized and bulk agent .
It may supply uranium enrichment technology as well , although Iran says this would be used to produce low - enriched uranium only .
Terrorists may seek to obtain greater status or bargaining power by demonstrating that they have the technological capabilities required to develop , produce , and deliver CBW agents .
Yet although small terrorist cells may be more motivated to use CBW and harder for counterterrorism authorities to interdict , they may lack the technical and financial resources needed to produce and deliver CBW agents .
China ratified the Chemical Weapons Convention ( CWC ) in December 1996 , declaring two former chemical weapons ( CW ) production facilities that may have produced mustard gas and Lewisite .
Although the long-term outlook for car manufacture at Dagenham may be uncertain , engine production there is more secure . 
They may call you for product details or information about the company which makes the product . 
Be-1 , Pao and S-Cargo , made in small volumes and sold in Japan at premiums over the Micra model on which they are based , may not be to everyone 's taste . 
The empirical evidence in the earlier sections certainly indicates that there has been a structural shift -- though its causes and its form may be disputed -- in UK manufacturing . 
The PRC is reportedly providing Iranian nuclear experts with know-how and design information , some of which may be related to fissile material production and weapons development ( 6930 ) .
The PRC is reportedly providing Iranian nuclear experts with know-how and design information , some of which may be related to fissile material production and weapons development ( 6930 ) .
Compared to plutonium - production facilities , the type of HEU production facilities that the DPRK may be developing would be difficult to detect , and therefore , it is difficult to accurately assess the program 's stage of development .
China ratified the Chemical Weapons Convention ( CWC ) in December 1996 , declaring two former chemical weapons ( CW ) production facilities that may have produced mustard gas and Lewisite .
And , just as an effective fishing lure may be fabricated from cheap , shiny metal , it is generally possible to summarise a commercial movie 's hook in one sentence .
Visitors are welcome to visit the 24 - hectare ( 60 - acre ) establishment , and may sample the end product , Lantau tea .
We may assume that this first function will return a direction in degrees , positive or negative , and that the second function will return a distance in centimeters .
There are many package tours to Guangzhou from Hong Kong ( see page 113 ) , and this may be the easiest way to visit the city .
The finding , if it holds up , says the Times , may lead to a simple way for airline travelers to fight jet lag .
With such a long stretch of coast to cover and so many historic towns to visit inland , the Costa Blanca may seem difficult to navigate — particularly if you do n't have a car .
Although most known pre-miRNAs in Drosophila , Caenorhabditis , mice and humans form relatively canonical stem-loops of around 70 to 100 nucleotides in length , plant miRNA precursors are often processed through exceptionally long stem-loops ( many 150 nucleotides or longer ) [ 14 15 16 ] . miR-125 is a member of the Drosophila reference set that received a low score by our informatic procedure , possibly because it may derive from an unusually long stem-loop ( 120 nucleotides ) , only a portion of which was included in the queried window .
Usually residues with long side chains have more rotameric fluctuations [ 23 ] . Occasionally we find they may bind with another residue within the tripeptide and end up being rigid .
The phenomenon here may be the breaking up ( perhaps by storm ) of the hard crusty surface which forms over deep lakes of liquid mud in the Arabah rift valley where this incident occurred . 
Those who believe that they could point out that Loch Ness is very deep , and moreover that it may be connected by a series of subterranean passages with the sea . 
The old-style playground , tarmac covered , bereft of trees , shrubs , grass and gardens , bounded by a high wall or fence , may be the only outside play space for some groups .
If you plan to visit during May , the carnival atmosphere of the Cheung Chau Bun Festival , with its high bamboo-and-paper towers covered in sticky buns , will fascinate the young ones .
The series of nuclear tests in 1995 - 96 prior to China 's signature of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty ( CTBT ) may have resulted in a smaller and lighter warhead design for the new generation of intercontinental ballistic missiles ( ICBMs ) now under development .
It seems that the picturesque older sections with their old houses , narrow streets , and winding alleyways may not be around much longer .
In any one hectare of tropical forest you may find trees of one hundred different types and each individual may be widely separated from others of the same species . 
Visitors are welcome to visit the 24 - hectare ( 60 - acre ) establishment , and may sample the end product , Lantau tea .
We lost roughly 1,000 trees in this year 's gales , and we 're worried that the squirrels may be short of fir cones ; they say one red squirrel needs about six acres of woodland to survive . 
A half - hour tour costs HK$50 ; pay at the end , or the driver may cut your trip short .
Symptoms of illness do not appear immediately but only after a delay , or `` incubation period , '' that may last for days to weeks .
During his four days in Iraq , Hall said he wanted to investigate reports from relief agencies that a quarter of Iraqi children may be suffering from chronic malnutrition .
Symptoms of illness do not appear immediately but only after a delay , or `` incubation period , '' that may last for days to weeks .
1- The married have a vacation by rotation for a week every three weeks , and in certain cases AL-QAEDA may deny this vacation for four months .
1- The married have a vacation by rotation for a week every three weeks , and in certain cases AL-QAEDA may deny this vacation for four months .
According to U.S. government estimates , Iran can produce 1,000 metric tons of agent per year and may have a stockpile of at least several thousand metric tons of weaponized and bulk agent .
The U.S. economy may be on the verge of falling back into recession after more than a year of half-hearted recovery that failed to generate either jobs or hope , according to economists .
The U.S. economy may be on the verge of falling back into recession after more than a year of half-hearted recovery that failed to generate either jobs or hope , according to economists .
The U.S. economy may be on the verge of falling back into recession after more than a year of half-hearted recovery that failed to generate either jobs or hope , according to economists .
Decades of educational research tell us unequivocally that even smaller classes have zero effect on the academic performance of the pupils -- though they may sometimes be desirable for other reasons .
The growth that has characterized Las Vegas for nearly a century may be facing a roadblock .
Depending on how much time you have , you may want to combine two or three of the regions in order to get a sense of the great diversity of French life : Paris and the wine country , the mountains , or the Atlantic or Mediterranean coasts .
Made from chipboard with ash veneer , it measures 85 cm by 40 cm by 153 cm ; diameter of mirror , 40 cm ; £796 , designed by Peter May for Ligne Roset 
US officials report that Iran can produce several hundred tons of chemical agent annually and that it may have already produced as much as 2,000 tons of agent , including mustard , cyanide , and possibly sarin nerve agent , at plants near Qazvin , Parchin , and Esfahan .
According to U.S. government estimates , Iran can produce 1,000 metric tons of agent per year and may have a stockpile of at least several thousand metric tons of weaponized and bulk agent .
The authority 's sewage works vary in size from those producing many millions of gallons of treated effluent a day to those serving a few houses in a rural area where the discharge may be the merest trickle . 
It may not go with a tableful of curry , but a mug of cold beer is not what I need . 
Five hundred truck-loads of holly and mistletoe arrived from the New Forest for Christmas 1899 , and in May and June ` we are flooded with potatoes and also with strawberries " . 
The lack of sensory feedback may lead to severe arthritis in the joints involved , called , after the nineteenth-century French physician who described the changes , Charcot 's arthropathy .
As recently as 1922 Dr Joan Evans noted that ` Amber necklaces may still be sold in the chemists " shops of Mayfair as a cure for croup , asthma and whooping cough . "
Symptoms of illness do not appear immediately but only after a delay , or `` incubation period , '' that may last for days to weeks .
The psychology or ideology of a particular terrorist group or individual may lead to a fascination with poisons and disease .
At other times it may be by anointing the sick person with oil .
When Jesus receives news that Lazarus is ill , Thomas urges everyone back to the sick man 's home in Bethany , ` that we may die with him " .
Some groups may have a particular fascination with plagues and poisons .
During his four days in Iraq , Hall said he wanted to investigate reports from relief agencies that a quarter of Iraqi children may be suffering from chronic malnutrition .
It may be somewhat longer ( much less often than men claim or fantasise ) or , especially in some physical disorders , somewhat shorter .
These include negative reactions to the onset of menstruation , dislike of menstruation , and menstrual irregularity ( this last feature may be the result of an eating disorder ) .
Patients often feel a responsibility for junior nurses and may resent the intrusion of another person whose presence inhibits their relationship with the learners .
Professor Nikolaus Fiebiger , president of the University Erlangen in Nuremberg , has proposed an alternative that may meet with better success : to create a number of professorships that would be eliminated as older professors left the university .
My colleagues may offer their opinions on the latter ; I can only assert that the first accusation is nonsense and if the allegation is true then I would love to know more about it but , regrettably , my request for further information has been met with silence .
I pledge by God 's creed to become a Muslim soldier to support God 's religion , and may God 's word be the most supreme .
" It allows the invitation to outsiders , be they imams , be they travelers who may have fought against British troops in Iraq , British and American troops in Afghanistan .
Earlier this month , Prime Minister Yusaf Raza Gillani said the army 's next major deployment of ground troops may target Orakzai .
Section 24 provides that where the membership of a company falls to one the sole member may , in certain circumstances , become liable for its debts .
He may also consciously memorise client 's names and their particular requirements .
They notice that , even more puzzlingly , a child may stumble in reading aloud and yet recall with accuracy and insight .
These may be interpretations of current experiences , predictions about future events , or recollections of things that have happened in the past . 
You may rest assured I shall retain every least word , written or spoken , and all other things too , in the hard wax of my stubborn memory .
The student with a very poor memory , for instance , may need to create more detailed notes than the student who retains facts easily .
Gentlemen : It is with great regret that I see so many students labouring day after day in the Academy , as if they imagined that a liberal art , such as ours , was to be acquired like a mechanical trade , by dint of labour , or I may add the absurdity of supposing that it could be acquired by any means whatever . 
Mrs Thatcher may feel it would be politically astute to take a lead in getting a convention under way . 
The boy may have sounded bull-headed and arrogant to you , but he knew something more . 
Men who believe themselves out of all danger may grow careless , and make some foolish move that can betray them . 
It may be overly cynical to suggest two things . 
Nevertheless , despite the above positive features of assessment and certification , there may be some well-motivated and diligent pupils who still fail to achieve all the learning outcomes . 
Grant that the audiovisual media which nourish your gifts of hearing , speech and sight , may serve for growth in wisdom and discernment in all your people . 
Other more ` enlightened " strategies are possible , and may in the long run prove more profitable . 
It may be ill-advised of a young woman dressed in a titillating manner to accept lifts from a stranger , just as it would be foolish for the owner of an expensive motor car to leave his vehicle parked overnight in an ill-lit side-street . 
Therefore , although hard work is necessary , slavishly following a " suggested regime " month after month hoping that it will some day " click " , may be ill-advised . 
A hegemonal class may be more or less ingenious at furthering its political interest while maintaining its position in the power bloc ; the working class may make better or worse use of a revolutionary situation . 
The bits and pieces of competitor information that flow by in a constant stream may be true or false , relevant or irrelevant , confirmed or unconfirmed , positive or negative , deceptive or insightful . 
IT IS not irrational for a jury to decide that the first of two co-accused acted in concert with the second but that the second co-accused did not act in concert with the first , because the case against each accused must be considered separately and there may be evidence which is admissible against one but not the other . 
This idea has spawned irrational diets that defy science , cause much inconvenience , and may even threaten nutrition . 
On an application for judicial review , the High Court may decide that the Secretary of State has exceeded the powers conferred on him by Parliament , or acted in a way that was irrational or procedurally unfair . 
In sum , at both the federal and state government levels at least part of the seemingly irrational behavior voters display in the voting booth may have an exceedingly rational explanation .
` My dear girl , I may be moronic as far as modern music is concerned , but I have attended classical concerts in my time . 
He may be just naive and well meaning . 
His methods of computation may be ridiculous , but he is right to think that they do not love him , and his sense of bitter ingratitude causes his madness . 
Although geneticists may think it an odd idea , it is therefore sensible for us to speak of genes ` for " stone shape , stone size , stone hardness and so on . 
Very sensible of you to come up , as we 'll need your consent for any treatment the doctor may decide on for your lad . " 
And many also criticize the vice president for telling the Washington Post that he might not seek any campaign assistance from Clinton ; that may be a smart strategy in the general election , say Susan Estrich ( Fox ) and D'Amato , but Clinton can still energize the Democratic base during the primary season .
Although you may not be aware of it , the standard line of the average conspiracy debunker is that the conspirators are not smart or organized enough to hold the plot together .
Poor diary completion may result from having unreasonable expectations of patients and giving incomplete instructions . 
This is not an unreasonable provision , and even though the accountant may be an appointee of the landlord , one would expect him to act fairly . 
Everyone who subsequently learned of this action condemned it as utterly stupid and irresponsible , but perhaps such criticism may be tempered by the fact that the man was in a deep state of shock . 
Always curious about technological innovation , Degas may have been excited by the new colors made available by the chemical industry at century 's end .
Noting that the Indonesian military is `` very suspicious '' about Australia 's motivation in East Timor ( believing it may have as much to do with Prime Minister John Howard 's popularity at home as with humanitarian concerns ) , Jemadu asked , `` Does Australia have a strategic agenda which might strengthen its bargaining position vis-a-vis its closest northern neighbor ?
However , it will prove interesting to see differences that may emerge in the future with regard to problems facing female executives and their spouses when posted overseas . 
On the Neapolitan Riviera , you may spend a week in Sorrento visiting the famous sights of Pompeii , Herculaneum and Vesuvius , then spend a week relaxing on the captivating island of Capri .
Like the books mentioned above , its specific content will be superseded in a few years ; but in meantime the book may be able to rescue some future Nobel laureates from becoming otherwise lost in cyberspace .
Although the U.S. government believes that the BW agent stockpiles have been destroyed , activities that contravene the BWC may continue at a few military biological facilities in Russia .
Moreover , for U. S. authorities , the lessons learned from what may have been the largest insurgent operation in Iraq to date still resonate .
If it considers that a Member State is making improper use of the powers provided for in this paragraph , the Commission ( or another Member State ) may invoke an accelerated enforcement procedure against the Member State . 
Evil men may be reborn as sub-human animals , but virtuous men have at least the prospect that they may escape from the cycle of rebirths into the nirvana of final extinction . 
It may be hard to stomach , Charlie , but there is an honourable course open to you . 
In Parliament one may say ` The right honourable gentleman has misled the house , " but one may not say ` The right honourable gentleman is a liar " . 
The reprobate mother , who may also be gin-soaked , is almost the only interesting creation ; her , and a louche bitch author called Cassandra , almost up to Dallas characterisation . 
Such money may often have corrupt sources , but if something good can come from it , should we complain ? 
And although it may be bad for a girl of that age to have sex , I can honestly say that it does not appear to have caused me any lasting harm , either emotionally or physically . 
Indeed , to the extent that any such request may represent an unjustified use of scarce resources , it would be unethical for the doctor to comply or for the patient to insist that he does so . 
In the rest of the Community this ethos does not exist ; accordingly , the seizure of a company by means of acquiring shareholdings may be seen as unethical and therefore met by strong resistance . 
However that may be , we must now note that value statements in general , and ethical statements in particular , are distinguished by the attitudinist into two types . 
Moral sacrifice is an occasion ; the moral man may be ready to sacrifice on specific occasions . 
Men and women may or may not be moral in practice in 1700 , but there is no doubt that they have a common sense of morality which is itself bound up with a religious world-view . 
He may be safely out of the way again now , but a lot of decent people have no safety and no homes . " 
` Cadet d'Arquebus ! " screamed the Chaplain , suffused with a righteous rage which he may or may not have been simulating . 
Evil men may be reborn as sub-human animals , but virtuous men have at least the prospect that they may escape from the cycle of rebirths into the nirvana of final extinction . 
My concern is to show that , on , the contrary , culture and social rules may well constrain males to fit a given society 's ideas about virtuous male behaviour . 
The use of ` black " to describe unscrupulous or villainous behaviour may be repugnant to many members of ethnic minority communities and you should be careful about their use . 
Ghosts they may be but they bring back memories of broken hearts , foul deeds , sinister minds , and souls stained with the blackness of hell . 
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
A Radioactive cloud that drifted across Britain after a fire at the Windscale nuclear factory in Cumbria in 1957 may have killed hundreds of people . 
Another bomb fell in front of the bus garage at South Croydon on 10 May 1941 . 
Soot-contaminated snow falling in mountainous regions may have darkened snowfields causing the spring snowmelt to be earlier and quicker than usual , leading to river flooding and ecologically damaging acidic meltwater pulses . 
Police say the baby may have fallen head-first onto a tiled floor . 
The U.S. economy may be on the verge of falling back into recession after more than a year of half-hearted recovery that failed to generate either jobs or hope , according to economists .
The U.S. economy may be on the verge of falling back into recession after more than a year of half-hearted recovery that failed to generate either jobs or hope , according to economists .
The U.S. economy may be on the verge of falling back into recession after more than a year of half-hearted recovery that failed to generate either jobs or hope , according to economists .
However that may be , and for whatever reason , he lost his balance , the window being set hazardously close to the floor , and toppled out . 
You may have seen small single engine aircraft buzzing about the skies on warm sunny mornings . 
On 18 May a magnitude 5 earthquake triggered a failure of the bulge and a huge landslide crashed down the mountain . 
The first may be thought of as the historical , the second the statistical method , and they were so named by Clerk Maxwell . 
This was the highest number reaching the summit of the world 's highest mountain in one day , beating the previous record , of 32 , set in May last year . 
They accompany the eurypterid arthropods ( which may have preyed upon them ) , and we can visualize the rivers and lakes of the time thronging with the first invaders from the sea . 
On warm sunny days you may see Red-eared Terrapins basking around the edge of the lake . 
Tadpoles normally feed on plankton and decaying plant material suspended in the water and shoals may effectively stir up the debris at the bottom of the pond , thus adding to the food supply . 
A Railcard may also entitle you to reduced fares on Sealink ships to the Channel Islands and Ireland and for travelling by rail and sea to 17 Continental countries . 
The post , erected in the 1840s when the area was drained , shows the land has sunk some 13ft-14ft -- an ominous decline in view of forecasts that global warming may cause the nearby sea to rise . 
Miniature waterlilies that may be growing in a shallow rock pool or sink should ideally have all the water drained off their crowns and then be protected by a generous layer of old leaves or straw . 
Either going or coming one should cross the Athos peninsula and look down into monasteries on the Holy Mountain that no female eye may otherwise see . 
On 12 May 2003 , North Korea declared that the `` Joint Declaration of the Denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula '' of 20 January 1992 was no longer valid because of `` violations by the United States '' [ Note : the U.S was not a signatory ] . 
Reports in May said that the UK had invested £19,000,000 to build an airstrip at the Rothera scientific station , 1,900 km south of the Falkland islands . 
A court has been told that the idea for an elaborate murder plot , in which a couple were pushed over a cliff in a blazing car , may have come from a film on satellite television . 
Anicius Saturninus at Irchester has been described as a remount officer securing new horses for the army , while O. Cordius Candidus at Dover may have been connected with the transport of horses across the Channel . 
“ … entreat for me Ephron the son of Zohar , that he may give me the cave of Machpelah , which he owns ; it is at the end of his field . 
When Alexander the Great ( 356-323BC ) was invading the cities of India he found therein may sacred snakes which were kept in caves and worshipped by the Indians with great devotion . 
Squeeze along on your hands and knees , then wriggle flat on your stomach , and you may reach an underground cavern . 
This may reduce or stop the natural ` overflow " from the aquifer , causing springs or small streams to dry up . 
A smaller set of baths dependent upon mineral springs may also have existed at Buxton . 
The name may have derived from the old British , gala or gwala , describing a full or swiftly flowing stream , though some etymologists think it may be the Cymric gal , meaning ` scattered " . 
The complaints of the Forum nations centred on fears that the coral atolls at Mururoa and Fangataufa may break up and leak radioactive contamination . 
THE RESUMPTION of nuclear tests by France at the Mururoa atoll in the Pacific , last month , has renewed fears that plutonium and other pollutants from past tests may be spreading throughout the Polynesian islands . 
First , all the activity may be confined to the summit crater at the top of the volcano , just where one might expect it to be . 
Like dacite domes , rhyolite domes often form within the crater of a preexisting volcano , but they may equally well pop up at the surface as isolated extrusions , not visibly related to any volcano . 
Hughes ' cityscape is as exciting for the children in her books as the bluebell woods and dingle dells of 50 years ago , and this optimism may be the greatest gift a modern writer can give young readers . 
In unfavourable circumstances erosion may be so great as to tear a gap through the dunes , such a feature being described as a blow out . 
Snow may linger on the high passes as late as June . 
Some may even have come up from the West Highland Way which runs below Am Bodach in a secluded glen parallel to Loch Leven . 
These islands were probably each surrounded by shallow marine carbonates which may also be preserved in the grabens ( Fig. 3 ) . 
Some desert hollows may also be attributed in considerable part to deflation . 
It must be noted , however , that it is by no means certain in the majority of examples that the lagoons may not contain considerable thicknesses of coral . 
It could well be that some of the summit surfaces of the Hercynian blocks are Eogene pediplains , while the weathering responsible for the formation of tors may have been tropical weathering of the same date . 
If the sea rises around a volcano the water may erode away some of the surface away . 
Climbing quickly , Bonington and Gordon reached the North Col on May 18 in fine weather and scoured the clearly visible North-East ridge . 
Further , large waves of destructive type , although combing the beach down , may at the same time fling shingle up above high water mark and so form beach ridges . 
Cars may be parked on Birkdale Summit which is crossed by both the county boundary and the watershed . 
The open shingle beaches also support a small winter population of waders , mainly Turnstone , with a few Purple Sandpipers and numbers may increase in really cold weather . 
If you come expecting a nightmarish land of charter flights , tour buses , and beer-stained beach hangouts , you may be shocked at how remote and undeveloped many parts of these small islands remain .
" I want to put you in touch with the situation , as I may need your help to-night .
Indeed , the same patient may require more than one remedy at different stages of the treatment programme .
But many of the layers of sediment are not at all uniform and may be relatively thin in places .
` If I may say so , that 's not like you in the slightest . "
Mario and Yoshi may please puzzle addicts , but offers nothing new and does n't push the NES 's capabilities in the slightest .
Never think that you have blown your exercise schedule so you may as well not bother going back to it .
795 , 806 : ` I do not find any uncertainty or ambiguity in relation to the ambit of English law in relation to the extent to which local authorities may sue for libel . "
` I do not think we are under any duty to publish malicious gossip , " he said , ` which remains gossip however true it may be . "
795 , 806 : ` I do not find any uncertainty or ambiguity in relation to the ambit of English law in relation to the extent to which local authorities may sue for libel . "
Mourning and depression are not seen as overlapping through different processes ; rather , early loss or bereavement actually produces the vulnerability to psychiatric disorder ( which may not necessarily be depression ) .
It was not quite the act of immediate robbery it may sound ; rather than dispossessing local people of much-cherished common rights , it merely reinforced the long-drawn-out process of their gradual erosion .
The key question is not whether their use may be discontinued , once started ; rather , it is whether they should be used in the first place .
This may not be a professional job but Scano 's boy is n't that much of an amateur .
The experience of changing one 's classroom practice may not be a comfortable one .
This may help us to understand why it is that the family was never more expertly advised , psychoanalysed and researched , yet never has it fallen apart more dramatically than in the last generation .
Honeywell may have sold its computer business , but its continuing operations , notably the process control systems side of the business , are is never very far from the computer .
If , on the other hand , you can offer other advantages in your marketing mix , there may be no pressure at all to reduce your price .
The friend , Frank , had no home to return to as his only relative , his father , had been killed and his home destroyed by a landmine during the ` May Blitz " .
There is no limit to how far ahead you can book nor , often , on length of stay , although popular hostels may impose restrictions to give everyone a fair chance .
I 'm afraid there is no Salford Convocation Branch in Scotland but there are graduates there who may well get in touch -- Editor .
Unless business picks up soon , some of the 245 foreign-owned banks in Switzerland may have to shut up shop .
Recent evidence has suggested that colonic neoplasm may be missed in patients presenting with iron deficiency anaemia unless colonic investigations are performed on all patients even when an alternative cause has been found .
This may be a difficult question to answer , and indeed these techniques may not be comparable , unless one could simultaneously measure function and visualise the squamous columnar junction , which is very difficult .
Most are ill-adapted to the demands of modern , mechanised agriculture and , unless converted to new uses , may well disappear .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
During the 1990s , the unavailability of precursors required to manufacture some nerve agents may very well have challenged the DPRK logistical supply network .
It is good to have a focal point such as an icon , or cross on or near the altar ; a lighted candle may be put by it during each pause .
` On this spot , on the tenth of May , 1933 , under the evil spirit of Fascism , the gangsters of the Nazi party burned the noblest works of German and World Literature .
This stops or slow the downward flow of groundwater , and helps to separate the water in this aquifer from flow in other aquifers that may be underneath it .
If you have a conservatory area behind your kitchen , this may be an even better location for the tray , since here it will be close to an outer door .
Schoenfeld has an answer to that , and it is a well-known one , having first been set forth in another Commentary essay in 1981 by the great Biblical scholar Robert Alter : The danger with Holocaust Studies is that , in the proliferation of methodologies and agendas , the incomprehensible horror of the event may be lost -- eclipsed , as humanity of the Jews was eclipsed , by a fog of categories and subcategories and rhetorical feints at ideological opponents .
Although the client will usually be charged with a minor offence , cases can be complicated , whilst the out of town criminal may be involved in more serious crime . 
Skase was charged with two counts of corruption in May 1991 , and was declared bankrupt on June 13 . 
And the government of Abu Dhabi , the majority shareholder in the bank , may soon bring charges against 13 people , including the former chief executive . 
Decades of educational research tell us unequivocally that even smaller classes have zero effect on the academic performance of the pupils -- though they may sometimes be desirable for other reasons .
The Orphic idea of Chronos , which may have had an influence on Pythagoras , seems rather like the Iranian idea of Zurvan akarana .
These factors may have a marginal influence on salary ; they have no bearing at all on hierarchical layers .
However , the influence of race concurs with other investigations [ 11 12 ] ; race may have a significant influence on body temperatures and needs to be studied further .
While we wish to avoid speculating as to potential mechanisms underlying the direct influence of the NAO on wolf dynamics indicated by our analysis ( Table 1 ) , it may be worth considering that residual variation in annual wolf mortality , after accounting for the influences of wolf density and pack size [ 6 ] , correlates negatively with the current-year NAO index ( standardized r = -0 .
Not only may firms be unable , for reasons of bounded rationality , to work through the complex mathematics of these models , they may not have to because the answer is to them so obvious .
It may well be obvious to the union , but at the moment we have too little information to judge .
In 1995 , it became evident that Iran may be pursuing nuclear weapons through another track : by procuring dual - use items from Western firms .
It ranks high among those topics which you fear may bore your listeners , but which , secretly , you take very seriously .
Nevertheless , this searcher may well be interested in titles like " The ecology of the smaller rodents " , but these should be ranked lower than the first two .
And if B 's violence takes the form of assault with a deadly weapon , A may even inflict death if his own life is in peril . 
Superior Court Judge Stanley M. Weisberg , who had presided over the King trial , on May 15 ruled that the principal assailant , Officer Laurence M. Powell , should be retried on a felony assault charge . 
Some may seek to argue that a lesser crime is committed , because they would like the law to be sufficiently flexible to allow the ` mercy-killer " to avoid facing a charge of murder . 
For this reason the owner may be guilty of theft from the possessor or controller .
Under the old law of larceny he may not have been guilty of attempted larceny .
The decision announced Thursday by Attorney General Janet Reno means the department has found specific and credible allegations that Brown may have committed a federal felony .
In May 1945 he was arrested by the American forces and taken to a Disciplinary Training Centre near Pisa , before being flown back to Washington to stand trial for treason .
William Kennedy Smith , nephew of Senator Edward Kennedy , was charged on May 9 with one felony count of sexual battery ( the definition of rape under Florida law ) and one misdemeanour count of battery .
The outcome may have turned on the closing arguments of Mr Lozano 's lawyer , Roy Black , who had previously defended William Kennedy Smith on charges of date rape .
Variations across London often reflected the differential performance of the parties there at the last general election , and may well portend trends for the next . 
An afterthought , but one which may be taken as a portent of the future , was that Marks was not deterred by this initial failure . 
Current collaboration in the development of staff training materials may augur well for further co-operation and joint training opportunities . 
The four harbingers of East European apocalypse -- the collapse of the Soviet Union as a trading partner , dear oil , government paralysis and civil disorder -- visited last year and may have already done their worst . 
The internal wrangles , sometimes over single issues , which are coming to characterise British party politics in the 1980s , may well foreshadow a similar process . 
Crohn 's disease complicated by an indolent abscess may have its presence heralded by a high CRP value .
This may herald a move to a broader system of age-related rebates at the next rebate review , due in April 1996 .
This finding is consistent with our prediction that , compared to ARIX , the genes mutated in CFEOM1 may have a more restricted function in the development of nIII and that their expression may actually be regulated by ARIX .
Future in vivo studies combining estradiol and selected interleukins may further elucidate how the network of signals from the marrow microenvironment influences both Ocl development and Ocl function .
SAHH may have significant impact on the conceptuses ability to use folates during this transitional stage of development .
This could be a chance event , or may result from selection for certain X-linked alleles during embryonic development , as has been described in carriers of X-linked immunodeficiencies [ 17 ] .
French sorrel grows easily from seed sown outdoors in mid-spring , when it may also be planted .
They are normally sown ` on the ridge '' as soon as the ground is ready in early May , and hoed and singled at the two-to three-leaf stage whilst it is still easy to separate the entwined stems which grow from the multiple seeds .
During the weekend of 15/16 May I plan to cycle the Northern Lancashire Cycleway , a 130 mile route which takes in some of the most beautiful and hilliest areas of Lancashire and South Cumbria . 
Demonstration boats may be paddled on the adjacent River Tay . 
Lord MacLean told MacIver , who drove the lorry after the robbery : ` You may not have occupied a principal role , but you played an essential one .
Few of these products have been clinically tested although they may be of assistance to some people .
However , some analysts speculate that North Korean scientists were present during Pakistan 's nuclear tests in May 1998 , and that Pyongyang could have obtained a tested bomb design from Islamabad or from Pakistani scientists without government approval .
North Korea has not conducted a nuclear test , but in early May 2005 , press reports indicated that U.S. satellite imagery had detected signs that North Korea could be preparing for a nuclear test to be conducted in June .
However , some analysts speculate that North Korean scientists were present during Pakistan 's nuclear tests in May 1998 , and that Pyongyang could have obtained a tested bomb design from Islamabad or from Pakistani scientists without government approval .
The series of nuclear tests in 1995 - 96 prior to China 's signature of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty ( CTBT ) may have resulted in a smaller and lighter warhead design for the new generation of intercontinental ballistic missiles ( ICBMs ) now under development .
I think that I have seen all that I wish in this house , and that my time may be more profitably employed elsewhere .
" I think that the strange creature in the kitchen may account for it .
In my view , once we have admitted that our beliefs about our sensory states are not infallible and may be false , incorrigibility would be a vice rather than a virtue . 
For its part , Iran continues to assert that it pursues a nuclear program with only peaceful applications , while El - Baradei is steadfast in his belief that the situation may be resolved diplomatically .
Your powers , if I may say so without offence , seem superior to your opportunities . "
Dunlop is fastest after practice at 104.16 but I feel that brother Joey may grab a win here despite the fact that he was fourth fastest in practice .
Fourth , the theory indicates why the Republican Party may have a difficult time attracting viable candidates for congressional office .
Fifth , the theory may provide at least a partial reason for why ticket splitting has been particularly pronounced in the South .
Maintaining a safe environment during the final stage of the life-span may involve dependence on others and on safety aids and require renewed awareness of the hazards which are ever-present in the external environment .
The final climax of the old regime may be seen in the twenty-year reign of Pius XII ( 1939-58 ) , a pope at the time most profoundly revered .
For the purposes of this tutorial , however , the term `` terrorism '' will be used to describe acts that incorporate the following elements : Intentional or threatened violence directed against civilians or noncombatants ; Actors that are sub - national groups or individuals ( although they may receive financial or logistical support from governments ) ; Motivations that are chiefly political , ideological , or religious ( i.e. , not strictly criminal ) ; Often , some element of symbolism in the choice of target , together with the desire to elicit fear in a larger audience beyond the immediate victims of an attack .
During his four days in Iraq , Hall said he wanted to investigate reports from relief agencies that a quarter of Iraqi children may be suffering from chronic malnutrition .
Institutional investors may have concerns different from those of individual investors regarding expectations for corporate governance and the role of the board of directors .
One may therefore further suggest that the terms originated in a time when the distinction between the two classes lay essentially in the geographical location of the medreses .
The PRC is reportedly providing Iranian nuclear experts with know-how and design information , some of which may be related to fissile material production and weapons development ( 6930 ) .
An Iranian initiative to normalize relations was communicated to the United States in May 2003 .
Canadian companies exported $33.7 billion worth of goods , up 2.7% from January 's revised level , the largest monthly rate of growth since May 2000 .
During his four days in Iraq , Hall said he wanted to investigate reports from relief agencies that a quarter of Iraqi children may be suffering from chronic malnutrition .
Luis Vaz de Camoes ( 1524 - 1580 ) , the Portuguese national poet whose work immortalized that country 's golden age of discoveries , may have stayed in Macau .
Indeed , the name Balearic may come from the Greek ballein , `` to throw. ``
Luis Vaz de Camoes ( 1524 - 1580 ) , the Portuguese national poet whose work immortalized that country 's golden age of discoveries , may have stayed in Macau .
` I may not be able to say very much to the mother and her kids , but I sympathise with them so much because of what my own family went through , " he says .
I may not sympathize with the bombing .
On 15 May 1660 Willys was condemned but pardoned , on condition of never again coming into the king 's presence or entering the verges of the court .
The ventral arm plates are pentagonal nearly triangular with a very wide distal edge ; the distal edge may project slightly midradially . 
Also , if the material is soft it may buckle easily at the inner side of the bend and vitiate the result . 
If you live in the centre of a large town , they may need to fly a long way . 
" These two men , close and confidential friends , are the centre of the household ; but there is one other person who for our immediate purpose may be even more important .
You may begin reading at the top of the page , Rebecca . " 
Elections may help produce the personnel at the apex of government but they tell us little about likely public policy . 
QUASI 's findings may be consistent with the existence of gaps in the carbohydrate groups thought to mask the silent face from gp120 from immune surveillance .
The rear axle of your vehicle may be fitted with a limited slip differential 
Today , gazing out from Beeston 's summit , you may feel that such a castle must have been impregnable . 
Well-known examples are the cliffs of Pleistocene deposits on the east coast and the cliffs of Tertiary beds and coombe rock on the south coast , all of which may contain rounded flint material . 
Those who have only seen the northern stars may not realize how much more dramatic are those of the southern hemisphere . 
In May 1874 over 3,500 troops under General Saigó Tsugumichi landed on Formosa and suffered serious casualties in occupying the southern tip of the island . 
A related problem involves the environmental impact of onshore oil and gas extraction , an issue which may achieve added prominence with the discovery of significant reserves in some of the most beautiful parts of southern England . 
The Stir may be traced to the streams which flow from the western slopes of the Dwarf fortress of Karak Kadrin . 
Fifth , the theory may provide at least a partial reason for why ticket splitting has been particularly pronounced in the South .
Even though it was May , the wind blowing up-river from the east was bitterly cold . 
Still on the May issue , small scraps of unused yarn are best burned , not thrown away to cause trouble later . 
The trouble with isolated snippets of information is that , however delectable they may be , they fail to provide this ` ability to continue " . 
May I persuade you--another morsel ? 
Elaborate and efficient our equipment may be today , with super-thin nylon , electronic reels and fish-sonars , but at the business end of all tackle is a bend , an angle in a piece of wire . 
Although these may be later broken down physically to release individual particles there is no guarantee that individual flakes of clay would become separated by purely physical means . 
The food plant for both the small tortoiseshell and the peacock is the stinging nettle , so to stand the best chance of finding their caterpillars , start inspecting large clumps of nettles about the middle of May . 
Obviously in the average garden it may be impossible or undesirable to place the pool in the lower part . 
This is particularly important if the target was part of a group because some assets may not be owned by the company which uses them . 
The lives of charity workers in sensitive parts of the world may be at risk because of electronic snooping by the British government . 
GSK3?-dependent phosphorylation of p53 at serine 33 may be part of other p53-regulatory pathways , such as oncogene activation or apoptosis , which are not directly activated by DNA - damage .
Indeed , part of why I have so blatantly borrowed Wittgenstein 's title , without my presumption to similar intellectual stature , is that there is a parallel between Wittgenstein 's abandonment of the Tractatus and growing awareness of knowing as living a language game , and a central theme of this Investigations , that there may be a limit to the way Newton taught us to do science and a need to reformulate what we do when we and other agents get on with living a life .
This `` other '' Balearics may not be as inexpensive or as accessible as the one sold by travel operators , but if visitors venture beyond the well - trodden tracks of their packaged predecessors , they 'll discover a spectacularly beautiful part of the world .
In sum , at both the federal and state government levels at least part of the seemingly irrational behavior voters display in the voting booth may have an exceedingly rational explanation .
In particular , the aggregate results may show less fluctuation over time than the results of some of the separate segments of the business . 
This may be a particular segment or sector of the environment or it may be as intensely focused as the search for a particular piece of information . 
It seems that the picturesque older sections with their old houses , narrow streets , and winding alleyways may not be around much longer .
During his four days in Iraq , Hall said he wanted to investigate reports from relief agencies that a quarter of Iraqi children may be suffering from chronic malnutrition .
Key data sources for DPRK include defector testimony , which may be unreliable given possibility of deliberate disinformation by double agents and defectors exaggerating what they know , and unclassified estimates by US intelligence agencies , which may have certain biases based on national interest , worst - case expectations , domestic politics , etc. Also , most estimates do not rely on original texts in Korean , which may introduce some errors due to translation issues .
` I may have told Mrs Quatt that my position demands that I remain impartial , but one can not entirely prevent oneself from having human feelings and preferences ! " 
While complete impartiality can not always be expected in such a case , the obligations of natural justice or fairness may still require that a minister hear representations . 
While they are politically neutral they are not anonymous ; they may speak in public at committee and other meetings , and often acquire public prominence within their locality . 
Many owners prefer to feed adult dogs just once a day , but in fact , it may be better to offer food morning and evening , in smaller amounts .
Adolescents conscious of personal appearance may prefer them to eyeglasses .
This court is in no way prejudging any defence of justification which may hereafter be raised in those libel proceedings .
Even the General Strike of May 1926 had little impact as the five unions represented on the District 's divisional committee were not among the major participants at national level .
She and Elizabeth Machin attended the Coburg course last May and brought back good wishes from ` Usch " , who looks forward to meeting the British participants at this year 's Whitsun Course .
But it is just because participants in conversation may be expected to observe the sub-maxim " be orderly " that we have that expectation .
Participation of over 80 per cent of the workforce was reported in some areas , in the first general strike in Italy since May 1989 .
They did feel that increased participation by subordinates may be a more effective way of motivating people but that time limitations made this impossible .
During conflict , baboons may seek assistance from others by soliciting their participation in an attack upon an opponent .
His sense of identity with his fellow men may be interpreted as one of the reasons for his participation in social , political and economic affairs .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
We may put aside this idea of Baynes 's that Garcia 's servants were concerned in the matter .
In sum , at both the federal and state government levels at least part of the seemingly irrational behavior voters display in the voting booth may have an exceedingly rational explanation .
During his four days in Iraq , Hall said he wanted to investigate reports from relief agencies that a quarter of Iraqi children may be suffering from chronic malnutrition .
The boats may appear deceptively primitive , but many of them have their own electric generators and all the modern conveniences .
Cars may be parked on Birkdale Summit which is crossed by both the county boundary and the watershed . 
It seems that the picturesque older sections with their old houses , narrow streets , and winding alleyways may not be around much longer .
Officially , the bike route ends here ; more experienced cyclists may care to carry on the ascent to the Krimml waterfalls . 
Other conundra m-y appear rather less cosmically' relevant ; they may seem to be of little importance yet , like Mercury 's orbit , may prove in the long term to be extremely important .
A soldier may patrol for months without ever seeing the enemy , yet risk death or disfigurement at any moment .
Bell again was arrested July 3 , charged with 12 misdemeanor counts of making threatening phone calls during May and June to McGough and Deputy Jon Christiansen , who lives and patrols in the Valley Center area .
Foreign warplanes may begin patrolling Libya 's skies as early as this weekend .
There may be debate about which groups of people constitute nations entitled to self - determination and representation in the international community , but the principle seems to be accepted by all .
'' It may not be nice to say it , '' she writes at one point , `` but people are not all always nice , and therefore a little social pressure can be a good thing . ''
At the crucial moment when they make their choices , many of these people honestly believe that money -- beyond the cost of upper - middle - class comfort -- is not all that important to them , and most of them may turn out to be right .
While at La Guancha you may see groups of people across the narrow bay staring down into the water .
They may not be among the `` best and brightest '' of their generation -- there are very few such people , by definition .
A younger person marrying and taking on a teenage family may know very little about adolescents . 
" These two men , close and confidential friends , are the centre of the household ; but there is one other person who for our immediate purpose may be even more important .
To entice a man in cold blood with the object of murdering him is another , whatever danger you may fear from him .
It was suggested , but never proved , that the deceased gentleman may have had valuables in the house , and that their abstraction was the motive of the crime .
A number had already married English girls ; their Anglicised names may still be recognised in the region . 
Individuals from different cultures may not only contract together using different cultural assumptions , but using an entirely different legal framework . 
Individuals in one group in the morning may have joined another group some 10 kilometres ( 7 miles ) distant by the afternoon or next day . 
New activities , new relationships and new supports may have to be found to re-engage the ageing individual with mainstream society . 
For the purposes of this tutorial , however , the term `` terrorism '' will be used to describe acts that incorporate the following elements : Intentional or threatened violence directed against civilians or noncombatants ; Actors that are sub - national groups or individuals ( although they may receive financial or logistical support from governments ) ; Motivations that are chiefly political , ideological , or religious ( i.e. , not strictly criminal ) ; Often , some element of symbolism in the choice of target , together with the desire to elicit fear in a larger audience beyond the immediate victims of an attack .
If he follows the correct path , he may be able to look back on this election as the high-water mark of far-left opposition .
Adolescents conscious of personal appearance may prefer them to eyeglasses . 
However , although this may be useful as a way of training competent scientists , it does not seem to be an ideal method of producing critical , thinking adults . 
Three of them are adults , but rumours that they may be Bosnian soldiers have been dismissed as irrelevent . 
Even if the adults do not try to talk the child out of it , they may not persist with their request . 
His constituents may have seen him in many poses -- patting children 's heads , kissing babies , opening church fýtes , addressing the conservative ladies . 
Seth was a bright child with a genius for wordplay and a talent for trouble ; he bounced a devil-may-care swathe through élite private academies in New York , Connecticut and Switzerland . 
For example , the hands or even the figures on the dial of a wall-mounted clock may be clearly visible to the child with tunnel vision , but the problem could be that of locating the clock itself . 
During his four days in Iraq , Hall said he wanted to investigate reports from relief agencies that a quarter of Iraqi children may be suffering from chronic malnutrition .
The course is designed for any professional group who may be asked by parents for advice and help in managing infant behaviour problems at home and for residential professionals who care for infants . 
If you have teenagers at home , planning a meal can be tricky ; you may think you have them pinned down , but one phone call and they are up and away to more exciting prospects . 
It may still be important to say no , on those grounds , even to older teenagers . 
Joseph Fama , a 19-year-old Italian-American construction worker , was convicted on May 17 of murdering a black teenager Yusuf Hawkins , 16 , in the Bensonhurst neighbourhood of Brooklyn , New York City , in August 1989 . 
Saunderson , Atkins and May DJ of course , just as they produce local kids with talent at their studio and put out their records on the myriad of small labels they share between them . 
Back in Maya flat , in the red-brick downtown studio complex , a young local kid rings on his Ansaphone begging May to listen to his music . 
In this way they may successfully promote images of themselves as high spirited teenagers rather than as malicious delinquents .
It may be that tougher-looking delinquents are more liable to be put away than fragile looking ones .
But trying military wrongdoers may annoy the armed forces , and provoke a fresh coup .
It may accord with some of our moral gut reactions , which seem to tell us that wrongdoers should be made to suffer .
On the one hand , refusal to admit the jus tertii allows recovery by a plaintiff who may have himself wrongfully dispossessed the true owner and also exposes the wrongdoer to the risk of multiple liability .
“ But it is even more galling when there is the prospect that foreigners may come in and do the work of dismantling it .
A simple economic theory may provide at least a partial explanation for the split personality displayed by Americans in the voting booth .
I pledge by God 's creed to become a Muslim soldier to support God 's religion , and may God 's word be the most supreme .
Conservative Protestant Christians may pursue what is a rather different Christology which issues in opposition to the ordination of women .
Some modern Christians may find the Trinitarian emphasis alien and difficult .
` You may be the King 's Clerk , Master Corbett , but this is a convent building . 
Independent engineering consultants have identified serious design flaws in the proposed nuclear waste dump at Sellafield , which may lead to a build up , and possible explosion , of inflammable gas . 
The search consultant who comes nearest to the Board 's idea of the chief executive they wish to hire may well be successful in winning the assignment . 
Another catalyst in London 's career may have been Lord Essex , who , with his gardener Moses Cook , laid out a forest garden at Cassiobury in 1677 . 
It may be that the spectacle of an intellectually ambitious kitchen maid unnerved her employers , and that she posed a threat to their view of a proper social order . 
She may , however , belong to the Sharman family of Weston , Northamptonshire , where the poet subsequently worked as a kitchen maid . 
He left after a dispute with the deputy professor , Charles Spooner , who may have been jealous of Mayhew 's popularity with the students . 
VICTIMS of last week 's floods are being warned to be on their guard against unscrupulous doorstep salesmen , who may try to take advantage of their situations . 
But the equities salesman who goes to work for a futures dealer may find the going hard . 
He was a very much larger than life character who it is understood , although it may not be strictly true , was sacked three times by his company for which he worked as a salesman . 
He was indisputably a loyal servant of Edward II , but he was not the will-less , visionless opportunist which his skilful pragmatism may suggest . 
Well may I forget that I am your servant when you forget what belongs to a master . 
For example a semi-feudal landlord in a developing country today may employ a large number of retainers or family servants who will work for cash rent , labour rent or a proportion of the harvest on his land . 
We may put aside this idea of Baynes 's that Garcia 's servants were concerned in the matter .
However , some analysts speculate that North Korean scientists were present during Pakistan 's nuclear tests in May 1998 , and that Pyongyang could have obtained a tested bomb design from Islamabad or from Pakistani scientists without government approval .
On 14 May 1994 , Korean technicians began removing the spent fuel rods without the supervision of IAEA inspectors .
Key data sources for DPRK include defector testimony , which may be unreliable given possibility of deliberate disinformation by double agents and defectors exaggerating what they know , and unclassified estimates by US intelligence agencies , which may have certain biases based on national interest , worst - case expectations , domestic politics , etc. Also , most estimates do not rely on original texts in Korean , which may introduce some errors due to translation issues .
Tammuz suspected the man may have eavesdropped on what had occurred in the canteen , but behaved as if he had n't . 
This can be particularly profitable as a fresh look from an outsider may reveal untapped sales potential and markets not recognised by the local estate agent . 
If you look more carefully among the dislodged weed , you may discover the cleverly-disguised spider crabs . 
Thinners such as Tipp-Ex may be sniffed from a cloth or a coatsleeve . 
Butane gas and aerosols may be sniffed from bags , but are sometimes sprayed directly into the mouth . 
Such a person may be believed when he says that he has only once tasted marijuana and did not inhale . 
Remember to reduce speed on downhill stretches and to watch in the mirror for traffic which may be about to overtake , and which could therefore set up a swing . 
The lids may be very sensitive and swollen ; the margins itch and burn . 
For example , the worker may pause at one point and scratch his nose , this may indicate that a critical decision is being made or it may indicate simply that his nose was itching . 
Gagné has provided a formula by which we may detect what is missing from a student 's repertoire . 
The sounds they produce in their larynx may reach as far up the ultrasonic scale as 200 000 hertz , allowing them to detect objects as tiny as a midget 20 metres away . 
We may detect his private opinion only at one point . 
If you put a doctor 's stethoscope to an egg at this time , you may hear clicks coming from within . 
A herd of deer on the African plains may feed undisturbed when a lioness walks among them , if they perceive that she is only out for a stroll . 
For example , a child who has difficulty perceiving pictorial materials may be expected to have considerable difficulties with any test which uses pictures as part of the elicitation procedure for reasons other than poor linguistic ability . 
Some of the larger whales , measuring over 100 feet in length , may be quite unable to perceive their own tail flukes visually . 
But the Prime Minister may be more concerned to ward off the various demons she perceives on the horizon . 
The theory also has difficulty in coping with colour perception when a particular object may come in a number of colours . 
` They may be large -- around 40 feet long -- but like icebergs 90 per cent is under the water and that is making them incredibly difficult to see among the waves . " 
They may be able to see in the dark , sense compass direction , and recognize danger . 
I think that I have seen all that I wish in this house , and that my time may be more profitably employed elsewhere .
It also takes longer for an old person to use the toilet and they may sense impatience from other residents or staff if they spend as long as they would like in a toilet . 
What one creature smells , another may sense as heat , while yet another may see it . 
Mr Branagh will be starring in Hamlet at the Barbican from December 18 to May 1 .
Is it so likely that that man , however much he may have been struck by your beauty and gaiety , Miss Jonathan , would have at once decided to assassinate your future husband ? " 
ROBERT Maxwell 's widow may be allowed to live in the family mansion at Oxford until the turn of the century , it was revealed yesterday . 
Mancini may be guilty of garbling the story here , since the woman who later emerged as Edward 's betrothed was Eleanor Butler ( nee Talbot ) , the widow of Thomas Butler of Sudeley . 
Mr X and the spouse of Mr X may be excluded from all benefit . 
Employees ' spouses may also have difficulty in finding work in the new area . 
References to the settlor 's spouse in these provisions include any wife whom he may marry but do not include his widow ( Vestey 's Executors v IRC ( 1949 ) 31 TC 1 ) . 
Even if the employee is successful in the job , if the spouse can not adapt to live in the English culture and speak the language , the assignment may well fail . 
During the second six months he can , and may get a little work ; but until at least a year after the end of pupillage he will probably have to live on his parents or spouse . 
Being married to even a would-be politician involves many sacrifices which may achieve no more than being landed with a morose husband ( or wife ) hanging round the house for the next four or five years . 
1- The married have a vacation by rotation for a week every three weeks , and in certain cases AL-QAEDA may deny this vacation for four months .
` Madam , may your betrothed take you to lunch ? " 
Charles and Diana may not have had many interests in common when they first met , but one that they did have , and have enjoyed together throughout their marriage , is skiing . 
One parent families may come about because of death , divorce or separation in a two parent family or the ending of cohabitation or when a single woman has a baby on her own . 
And by now , the tabloid writers were switching their attention to other male members of the Neighbours cast , and hinting Kylie may be dating them too . 
Lack of imagination may also prevent one partner from recognizing what the other is coping with . 
In order to do this , you may find that first you need to look at your feelings of anger and resentment at your partner for denying you the ordinary experience of conception and pregnancy . 
The time and effort demanded of them may put a strain on their relationship with a partner , who may have been looking forward to the years when they could be alone again as a couple . 
For years before he died , one day in May last year , the ultra-respectable Brian Courtenay had a mistress on the side . 
One gentleman I ought to mention to you in this connection -- my friend Mr. Michael Barry tells me -- is the writer in ` Property and Finance " , which some of you may have read . 
Dad 's oldest friend -- he may not make it . " 
" These two men , close and confidential friends , are the centre of the household ; but there is one other person who for our immediate purpose may be even more important .
Nambudiri men may cohabit with Nayar women ; Nayar men may never cohabit with Nambudiri women . 
Two business people may be chums . 
This may reflect the fact that TNF-? therapies for IBD are aimed at efficiently clearing TNF-? , while IL -10 therapies must increase IL-10 and recombinant IL-10 is likely too rapidly cleared from the circulation after in vivo administration to provide a uniform protection [ 55 ] . On the other hand , IL -10 gene transfer technology has been used with some success in models of colitis , however its effectiveness is also variable .
) Second , if the child turns out pretty but does n't want to be a beauty queen , her parents may force her in that direction anyway , thereby stifling her true talents and preventing her from becoming successful .
Bill Bowen 's vision may not have developed in quite the way he expected , but the ‘bottom-line ' is that the vision did become a successful reality .
By other forms of reproduction an image may be more or less degraded , so that nothing can be learnt from them .
The most obvious reason why there is a greater concern with visual images than with the printed word may be thought to be the emergence of the new media -- film , television and even the computer .
Similarly , Japanese calligraphy has a great artistic tradition , no less great than that of Japanese watercolor painting or Japanese costume , and beautifully brushed poems may appear next to watercolor images similar to those that often appear on clothes .
As our results show , this method may be less accurate at the higher range of CD4 counts , where cells may be more likely to overlap in our digital images .
A 17-year-old youth who was arrested after trying to hijack an airliner as a ` prank " may face charges , an airline said today . 
Police at Tennent Street are appealing for help from anyone who may have seen the car , which had been hijacked in west Belfast , between 11.30am and 4.15pm yesterday . 
His brother , Mohammed Ali Hamadei , had been sentenced to life imprisonment in Germany in May 1989 for his role in the hijacking of a United States Trans World Airlines aircraft in 1985 [ see p. 36666 ] . 
However patrons may deposit tickets at the Box Office for possible resale . 
The minimum investment is £2,500 and you may deposit up to £25,000 . 
But , while these points may be reasonable , and some of them may be true , this attempt to embed them in a general theory or schema seems unhelpful . 
The staff room should have a locker and/or a place to hang clothes , and nearby there may be staff toilets . 
The character on stage , for reasons which may possibly be explained by the insertion of a line or two into the script , wears a deaf-aid … ’ 
Record insertion , deletion and update may involve high costs . 
Jobs apart , looking young and sexy may still seem important and desirable to many of those who have grown up in a society which lays such emphasis on youth and sex . 
Departments will have to place a monetary value on any destruction of the environment that may result from government policies , meaning that environmental impact will be assessed at the same time as other benefits and costs . 
At any given time then , a number of pupils may be involved in supported full-time or part-time placements at other schools in the borough . 
B. 's placement with the foster mother ended in November 1990 ; P. 's in May 1991 . 
An offending tree may have been planted many years ago by a previous owner . 
One great risk they have already taken is to plant a new church : after all , it may not survive ! 
Police believe the bomb may have been planted under the Nissan Datsun outside a pub where he met his girlfriend , Jenny Hill , a Catholic . 
Chemical apparatus tends to be broken , or reused in new arrangements ; but the historian may hope that even here laboratories may have had capacious cupboards into which unused pieces have been stuffed and thus preserved . 
The animals ' food often contains toxic test substances or they may be forced to swallow huge capsules or have toxic creams rubbed into their raw skin . 
Tempera is the normal alternative to oil for overpainting gold , but you may be able to use a thin layer of tempera or even saliva rubbed into the surface as a preparation for acrylics . 
` May -- " he started to say , but I crammed a cushion into his mouth before he could finish . 
You may replant in the old containers or pot up in individual pots for replanting later . 
Soft cuttings may root after only a few weeks , so pot individual cuttings as soon as you see new young leaves or white roots at the base of containers . 
Sow sweetcorn in pots indoors from now until May , for planting out in early June . 
The brassicas are susceptible to a fungus disease called finger and toe , particularly in acid soil , and , if sown before mid-May , are liable to mildew . 
Many analysts now believe the talks are dead , and in early May 2005 there were reports that Washington and Tokyo were preparing to refer the issue to the UN Security Council .
In many Asian and African countries , social organisation is in tribal groupings which may be a clue to effective market segmentation .
While countries may seek to develop all of these capabilities on an independent , indigenous basis , they can and often do seek some inputs from foreign sources .
Luis Vaz de Camoes ( 1524 - 1580 ) , the Portuguese national poet whose work immortalized that country 's golden age of discoveries , may have stayed in Macau .
Some definitions of terrorism go beyond sub - state actors to include repressive governments that may carry out acts of `` state terrorism '' against their own citizens .
Locally elected municipalities may modify those guidelines , but ` The vast majority of the municipalities adopt the Ministry guidelines for all or almost all subjects " . 
It 's anyone 's guess what may happen in the future , but for now Hong Kong bristles with energy and ambition , and for the visitor , this beautiful city with its contrasts and variety is an exhilarating experience .
There are many package tours to Guangzhou from Hong Kong ( see page 113 ) , and this may be the easiest way to visit the city .
They may believe in apocalyptic prophecy and actively seek to bring about Armageddon , or the end of the world .
Biologists at Fort Detrick 's newest biodefense center may be asked to make some of the world 's deadliest microbes even more dangerous than they already are .
In sum , at both the federal and state government levels at least part of the seemingly irrational behavior voters display in the voting booth may have an exceedingly rational explanation .
In the next few decades , unless Japan somehow manages to arrest current trends , it may find that its share of global economic output has shrunk considerably .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
Although a GOP president may limit local benefits to the voter 's particular district/state , such a president is also likely to be more effective at preventing other districts/states and their legislators from bringing home the local benefits .
Key data sources for DPRK include defector testimony , which may be unreliable given possibility of deliberate disinformation by double agents and defectors exaggerating what they know , and unclassified estimates by US intelligence agencies , which may have certain biases based on national interest , worst - case expectations , domestic politics , etc. Also , most estimates do not rely on original texts in Korean , which may introduce some errors due to translation issues .
For the purposes of this tutorial , however , the term `` terrorism '' will be used to describe acts that incorporate the following elements : Intentional or threatened violence directed against civilians or noncombatants ; Actors that are sub - national groups or individuals ( although they may receive financial or logistical support from governments ) ; Motivations that are chiefly political , ideological , or religious ( i.e. , not strictly criminal ) ; Often , some element of symbolism in the choice of target , together with the desire to elicit fear in a larger audience beyond the immediate victims of an attack .
It `` may well be '' that theft of business data is `` as serious a strategic threat to national security '' as it is a threat to the survival of victimized U.S. firms , said Michelle Van Cleave , the White House 's assistant director for National Security Affairs .
The blockade finally ended in May 1949 , and West Berlin became a Land linked administratively with , but thus far not politically incorporated into , the new Federal Republic of Germany .
Be that as it may , a later Australian visitor to English drizzle might feel nostalgic when thinking of the parched and thirsty but water-obsessed vocabulary developed in the drier areas of our sunburnt land .
In sum , at both the federal and state government levels at least part of the seemingly irrational behavior voters display in the voting booth may have an exceedingly rational explanation .
But to immature minds , the message may be simply that brutality is cool and funny .
Behind this passage may lie the assumption that labouring class poets were fundamentally impostors . 
Unemployment still is officially recorded at 16.5 % , the highest rate in Europe , although actual joblessness may be lower .
`` Says Mr. Baldwin , `` We recognize that we may no longer have as high a priority in church life and experience .
Such therapy appears to be cost effective [ 15 16 ] , especially among high risk patients and is recommended under current American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association guidelines [ 17 ] . Fourth , it may not be possible to ascertain whether these findings apply to all patients with recent acute coronary syndromes regardless of baseline lipid levels .
Gain may be too high .
They propose that people with high self-efficacy -- people who believe that failure is the result of insufficient effort , and thus exhibit increased commitment and persistence -- will achieve more of their goals than people with low self-efficacy , who tend to view failure as the result of deficient ability , and thus may simply give up .
There is a much-quoted saying , attributed to the epidemiologist Geoffrey Rose : `` A large number of people exposed to a small risk may generate many more cases than a small number exposed to a very high risk .
By the time of his death , in May 1991 , none of his many books was available in paperback , and sales of the hardback editions had dropped to a very low level indeed .
For samples with very low vapor pressures , or for investigation of minor components of a gas stream , a greater path-length is helpful , and this may best be achieved using a folded-path cell with internal mirrors to direct the IR beam several times through the sample .
Unemployment still is officially recorded at 16.5 % , the highest rate in Europe , although actual joblessness may be lower .
According to U.S. government estimates , Iran can produce 1,000 metric tons of agent per year and may have a stockpile of at least several thousand metric tons of weaponized and bulk agent .
May have small quantities of agent available ; seeking larger capability .
The US is concerned that Iran may have or acquire an unsafeguarded enrichment facility for which it might get parts from Eastern Europe ( PPNN , International Herald Tribune , 1/28/91 ) .
Time magazine reports that Iran has an enrichment plant - possibly a centrifuge facility - at Moallam Kalayeh , and may have another centrifuge plant at Karaj ( 6883 ) .
According to U.S. government estimates , Iran can produce 1,000 metric tons of agent per year and may have a stockpile of at least several thousand metric tons of weaponized and bulk agent .
Terrorists may seek to obtain greater status or bargaining power by demonstrating that they have the technological capabilities required to develop , produce , and deliver CBW agents .
Some groups may have a particular fascination with plagues and poisons .
The boats may appear deceptively primitive , but many of them have their own electric generators and all the modern conveniences .
Yet although small terrorist cells may be more motivated to use CBW and harder for counterterrorism authorities to interdict , they may lack the technical and financial resources needed to produce and deliver CBW agents .
Companies may have power in setting the terms of the employment relationship arising from a possible asymmetry in bargaining position , but they also possess power within the relationship . 
Individuals who possess certain skills may also find their power diminished if those skills are made redundant by developments in new technology . 
If you do not feel you are a thrusting , dynamic sort of person you may possess different but equally desirable qualities which employers will want . 
Now the person possessing the goods after the time limit , even if he holds the goods in bad faith , may call himself the rightful owner , while the original owner promptly loses all rights . 
Certainly no generalisation can be made except that the successful diffusion of the knowledge of soil conserving practices is often one essential change that is required -- even although the knowledge may be possessed by some cultivators already . 
One of the administrative advantages is that central government can ameliorate the monopoly of information which may be possessed by such agents . 
Iran is thought to possess a zero - power facility provided by the PRC , and China reportedly supplied small calutrons in about 1987 ; however , one report states that the PRC may not have delivered the calutrons .
The hotel 's owners are furious that they were n't told it may be listed . 
A thief may therefore steal from several people : the owner , the possessor , and the person in physical control .
It should also be noted that for the purposes of theft property may belong to more than one party . 
It may , in certain circumstances , be lawful for a person to kill or injure an animal belonging to another if this is necessary for the protection of his livestock or crops . 
The offeror may wish to do this if the target would remain technically listed or the offeror would not have sufficient control over the target 's assets after the takeover . 
It has also to be recognized that all owners may need to make alterations and improvements to their property from time to time . 
Improbable though it may sound , Rutland men found themselves having , with ` much heauiness " , to fork out on the basis of the full value of their property which they had unguardedly divulged . 
In my new mood , I went over to the solitary man and said easily , pulling out a chair , ` May I sit at your table ? " 
On 8 May , about 8 o'clock in the morning , I was seated on the doorstep of my house .
Practice these techniques at times when you feel fine so that you will become expert for times that you may need them .
He or she may even be the local greengrocer who hears a band rehearsing down the road in the village hall .
Another way of looking at it is to think of an actor who rehearses and rehearses his lines in order that his performance may be as near perfect as possible on opening night .
The first two rehearsals will take place at Aylwin School on May 19th and June 16th and from September the team will rehearse once a month on Saturdays from 10.30 to 4.00 .
Richard 's second victim , Clarence , is also taken in by the hypocrite 's feigned concern , but since the real plot against him has been done through intermediaries he may seem less blameworthy . 
Europe 's laudable ambition also to become a gleaming citadel of environmental protection ( for which the European Parliament was calling the other day ) may have the same effect . 
This may well be a laudable objective . 
Similarly , the indiscriminate and thus unhelpful use of praise -- rather than more judicious and exact feedback -- may stem from a laudable concern that children should be encouraged and supported in their learning . 
This is a serious concern , particularly in the case of less academic pupils who , despite admirable effort and diligence , may not be capable of attaining appropriate academic standards . 
` He may be the world 's most tedious teacher and its driest personality , but he has one admirable quality : he is totally honest . 
The fact that it will rain tomorrow , for example , may mean that I should not go to London , even though the balance of reasons on the merits of my going ( i.e. all the reasons pro and con but the rain ) suggest that I should go . 
The weather reports indicate that we may get a light snowfall some time over the next few days . 
Some observers predict that ground-based fibre-optic systems may take over many of the point-to-point telecommunications tasks performed by satellites . 
Infrasound may also allow them to predict the weather . 
But High Winds are now forecast and the entire team may soon have to evacuate the mountain with or without him 
Preliminary observations on Harris ( Birks , unpublished ) suggest that local glaciers may have been present during the stadial in some of the valleys around Clisham , Ullaval , Tirga Mor , and Uisgnaval More .
I will start by saying that any conclusions that I may offer , are exploratory .
Research has shown that red harvester ants may identify the tasks nestmates are engaged in based on the ratio of n-alkenes to n-alkanes in their hydrocarbons and the presence or absence of branched n-alkanes .
Transcriptional profiling of the early stages of genital development in vivo in the presence and absence of androgen may provide further insights into the role of androgen in genital development .
There may , for example , be a homologous tetraspanin protein that compensates for the absence of sarcospan in mice , but not in humans .
The exact mechanism may be unknown , but decreased BRCA1 levels appear to affect the ability to arrest growth or die in the absence of estrogenic growth-inducing conditions .
I may be ignorant but at least I know that much ! "
Some will be lovely and you will wish to savour them ; others may be pretty dreadful -- but at least you will know what to avoid .
There may be no budget for acquisitions , but at least there is a budget for administration .
Mummification was not used in Syria in the first century , but the bodies may have been preserved in Egypt . 
It may be relevant for the Industrial Tribunal to investigate whether at the time he was dismissed and if not then when thereafter , he knew that he had the right to complain that he had been unfairly dismissed ; in some cases the Tribunal may have to consider whether there has been any misrepresentation about any relevant matter by the employer to the employee . 
These bachelor males may not be more deprived of sexual outlets than are the harem owners themselves .
Although a GOP president may limit local benefits to the voter 's particular district/state , such a president is also likely to be more effective at preventing other districts/states and their legislators from bringing home the local benefits .
If the economy is picking up steam , the recovery may be nipped in the bud by renewed Fed tightening .
On May 29 , 1990 , the Storting had approved a constitutional amendment to allow female members of the royal family to succeed to the throne as well as males .
If Iran can adequately demonstrate peaceful intentions for its nuclear program and allows IAEA inspections , nuclear power reactor technology trade restraints may be lifted .
The less knowledgeable may attempt to forestall it or remove the child 's attention from it .
In addition , as I 've pointed out here before , the auto industry is facing severe problems with excess capacity , so reducing the number of players in the global marketplace may decrease the chance of dramatic overbuilding .
This may give a better chance of success to the much - mocked millennium celebrations in Paris and London , the former involving the Eiffel Tower laying an egg and huge plastic fishes poking their heads out of the Seine , and the latter -- as caustically emphasized in all of today 's British newspapers -- involving no known purpose at all apart from the building of a giant dome at Greenwich at a cost of more than $ 1 billion .
And the whole fluting process may have to be repeated to refine the design .
Although the U.S. government believes that the BW agent stockpiles have been destroyed , activities that contravene the BWC may continue at a few military biological facilities in Russia .
Fast scenarios may also be called up and reprojected in relation to the ongoing situation , so that the probable outcome of a current dilemma may be assessed . 
" This standoff may drag on for some time , and it may become much , much uglier , " said Paul Sullivan , a regional expert at Georgetown University who has studied Libya for years .
A strong ` affective tone " accompanies these consummatory reactions so that once stimulated an animal may show a motivated persistence in completing the behavioural event that finalizes the sequence . 
Six rounds of inspections began in May 1992 and concluded in February 1993 .
They may believe in apocalyptic prophecy and actively seek to bring about Armageddon , or the end of the world .
6- The call to adhere to Islam in general , and spreading the concept of Jihad specifically , starts with relatives and friends. ( T.C : Koranic verse ) You may not be able to do this , if your work demands extreme secrecy , like Naeem IBn Mas'uud ( May God bless him ) .
Authorities say the investigation into how it started may take up to three days to finish .
[ A mission to the Kuzbass by Yeltsin , beginning at the end of April , to persuade miners to return to work will be covered in the May News Digest . ] 
The new parallel services began in May 1945 , with Avro Lancastrians ( converted Lancaster bombers ) flying the long route via India to Australia and New Zealand . 
The program appeared to begin as a peaceful one , but whatever Kim 's original intentions , the Cuban Missile Crisis may have prompted initiation of a dedicated nuclear weapons program .
Six rounds of inspections began in May 1992 and concluded in February 1993 .
Counselling may reveal turmoil and bring it to the surface , but if it does , that turmoil will have existed long before the commencement of the counselling process . 
If the developer has not sought planning permission prior to the commencement of work and has started work which requires planning permission , he or she may be served by the local planning authority with an enforcement notice . 
Yet , the physical demands of numerous pregnancies too closely spaced may have maleffects for the mother and child , and commencement of childbearing before the woman is physically mature may represent a serious risk to health and life for the mother and her young children . 
This phenomenon may be defined as the temporary cessation in development of a nematode at a precise point in its parasitic development . 
Reports speculate Iran may be developing centrifuge facilities to enrich uranium at sites such as Moallem Kalayah and Karaj ; however , those providing the reports left during the reign of former Shah Reza Pahlavi .
Iran may have approached Pakistan for help in enriching uranium it purchased from South Africa in the late 1980s .
For example , they may purchase raw or milled uranium ore from abroad , and then use indigenous facilities to enrich it to weapons - grade material .
It may supply uranium enrichment technology as well , although Iran says this would be used to produce low - enriched uranium only .
It is reported that a German subsidiary of a US firm may have sold laser enrichment equipment to Iran .
Methane from the sewage treatment plant in Amsterdam East may be used similarly and the biological residue will be reprocessed into compost for farms and gardens .
On the other hand , commercial companies must develop high-quality products quickly or they may not survive in the marketplace .
By contrast , commercial companies must develop high-quality products quickly or they may not survive in the marketplace .
The total number of publications , however , is not necessarily the best measure for assessing scientific productivity or technical advances ( May 1997 ) .
In May 1998 , the London Daily Telegraph reported that `` Iran has concluded a secret deal with China to purchase banned chemicals that will enable it to become self-sufficient in producing large stockpiles of advanced nerve gas . ''
The principle of non-discrimination prohibits all discrimination on grounds of nationality both between ships of the member states and between nationals of the member states , as the case may be .
The series of nuclear tests in 1995 - 96 prior to China 's signature of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty ( CTBT ) may have resulted in a smaller and lighter warhead design for the new generation of intercontinental ballistic missiles ( ICBMs ) now under development .
They will also be examining the Antarctic Minerals Convention , signed in May 1988 , which would have permitted controlled mining and oil exploration .
For its part , Iran continues to assert that it pursues a nuclear program with only peaceful applications , while El - Baradei is steadfast in his belief that the situation may be resolved diplomatically .
In addition to feeling threatened by Iraq 's growing nuclear program , these attacks may explain why the Khomeini government ultimately resumed its efforts to continue Iran 's nuclear power program and strengthen its existing nuclear research program -- and ultimately to develop nuclear weapons .
Iran agreed to an IAEA inspection schedule and to a mid - May 2004 deadline for the submission of complete details regarding its nuclear program and goals .
If Iran can adequately demonstrate peaceful intentions for its nuclear program and allows IAEA inspections , nuclear power reactor technology trade restraints may be lifted .
Compared to plutonium - production facilities , the type of HEU production facilities that the DPRK may be developing would be difficult to detect , and therefore , it is difficult to accurately assess the program 's stage of development .
The program appeared to begin as a peaceful one , but whatever Kim 's original intentions , the Cuban Missile Crisis may have prompted initiation of a dedicated nuclear weapons program .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
The United States imposed sanctions in May , citing Syria 's pursuit of WMD programs as one of the reasons for this step .
Chek Lap Kok airport sits on reclaimed land just off Lantau ; plans to build a bridge may change Lantau , but at present it is sparsely populated and makes a perfect getaway .
Unlike the somewhat parochial hip hop magazines that have proliferated during the last few years , Vibe 's vibe ( assessed through a preview issue , which may be misleading ) aims for a mixed appeal .
Possible mechanisms which may explain an increase in colonic cell proliferation caused by bile acids , include effects on prostaglandin synthesis , arachidonic acid release , and protein kinase C activity .
For example , brand proliferation may generate a welfare loss through excessive expenditure on fixed costs associated with each brand ( Schmalensee , 1978 ; Salop , 1979 ) .
We recently found that this luminal lytic activity is highly correlated with in vivo proliferation of colonic epithelium , which indicates that these soluble surfactants may affect therisk of colon cancer .
Belgium , Luxembourg and the Netherlands announced in May that they had joined the 1987 Missile Technology Control Regime ( MTCR ) which committed industrialized countries to restricting missile proliferation in the developing world .
The social value attached to a salient feature -- in particular , if it is part of a stereotype -- may be important in determining whether or not it is accommodated to .
It may enable him or her to highlight some salient point , or to focus pupils ' attention on a particular question as they view the next sequence .
It may be predictable , or it may be contextually salient , as in the case of first-person pronouns .
In a language such as Turkish , in which words composed of a relatively large number of basic grammatical units ( morphemes ) are common , this characteristic of words may seem less salient .
On a quiet news day , the Washington Post leads with a scoop about Boeing 's concealment of fuel tank problems similar to the ones that may have caused the crash of TWA Flight 800 .
But many shops , especially in quiet neighborhoods , may close earlier .
This selection process may contribute to the favorable mortality rates for these smaller units .
We hypothesize that other novel , high - scoring candidates with a similar level of third - species - conservation but which lack evidence of expression may in fact be genuine , thus implying up to 7 / 27 ( 26% ) false - negative rate of northern analysis .
Unemployment still is officially recorded at 16.5 % , the highest rate in Europe , although actual joblessness may be lower .
These regulations are designed to protect people against immediate or delayed health risks from substances which may have an adverse effect on their health ; for instance , disinfectants such as glutaraldehyde .
About 30 opposition activists , including ex-presidential candidates Nikolay Statkevich and Andrei Sannikov , are still in custody and may face up to 15 years in prison over the election night protests .
The absence of such courtesies during a two hour meeting suggests that the purpose of the meeting may have been the initial ` interrogation " in an accounts investigation .
For the purposes of this tutorial , however , the term `` terrorism '' will be used to describe acts that incorporate the following elements : Intentional or threatened violence directed against civilians or noncombatants ; Actors that are sub - national groups or individuals ( although they may receive financial or logistical support from governments ) ; Motivations that are chiefly political , ideological , or religious ( i.e. , not strictly criminal ) ; Often , some element of symbolism in the choice of target , together with the desire to elicit fear in a larger audience beyond the immediate victims of an attack .
" These two men , close and confidential friends , are the centre of the household ; but there is one other person who for our immediate purpose may be even more important .
Hence , societies ' encouragement of early marriage as a step towards achievement of a large family may hinder rather than aid attainment of family size goals .
Iran agreed to an IAEA inspection schedule and to a mid - May 2004 deadline for the submission of complete details regarding its nuclear program and goals .
The aim is that ratification and the Queen 's assent may take place at the same time .
At one level it may be expressed by a Commander-in-Chief who is determining the strategic objectives of the military and has to convince the generals .
Consequently , if we are to achieve your objective in terms of price , then unless one can find a niche buyer , it may be difficult to achieve .
For example , the surveyor may consider cost the overriding criterion , whereas the client 's objective may be to complete the project in the shortest possible time .
( x ) To do all such other things as may be deemed incidental or conducive to the attainment of the Company 's objects or any of them .
To entice a man in cold blood with the object of murdering him is another , whatever danger you may fear from him .
ALL good news , but I fear that taxes may have to go up next year if the Chancellor misses his projected £244.5bn target on spending .
If Iran can adequately demonstrate peaceful intentions for its nuclear program and allows IAEA inspections , nuclear power reactor technology trade restraints may be lifted .
The program appeared to begin as a peaceful one , but whatever Kim 's original intentions , the Cuban Missile Crisis may have prompted initiation of a dedicated nuclear weapons program .
In 1995 , it became evident that Iran may be pursuing nuclear weapons through another track : by procuring dual - use items from Western firms .
In order to deactivate biochemical guidance cues while preserving haptotactic cues that may guide parallel neurite growth , brain sections were fixed prior to use as substrata for cultured neurons .
He has come to view aid and charity `` as an industry , as religion , as a self-serving system that sacrifices its own practitioners and intended beneficiaries in order that it may survive and grow . ''
Your contribution to Goodwill will mean more than you may know .
The flight of Asil Nadir on May 4th has destroyed the fraud case it spent more than two years and oodles of money building against him . 
The seeds of some of them may be millions of years old . 
Even though electronic espionage may cost U.S. firms billions of dollars a year , most are n't yet taking precautions , the experts said .
An abundance of white marble may suggest luxury , but marble is porous and needs careful cleaning to avoid dinginess , while marble floors are icy to bare feet . 
While experience may show that certain tasks were not as good discriminators as others there is likely to be an abundance of evidence over the three-year period for teachers to use . 
Zeolite-softened water may be quite alkaline because it contains substantial quantities of sodium carbonate and bicarbonate . 
The United States alleges that Iran may have started to develop small quantities of agent , possibly including mycotoxins , ricin , and the smallpox virus .
May have small quantities of agent available ; seeking larger capability .
The United States alleges that Iran may have started to develop small quantities of agent , possibly including mycotoxins , ricin , and the smallpox virus .
Although the majority of the CW stockpile in the North may not be of the more sophisticated and lethal nerve agent variety , it may contain a large quantity of casualty agents such as mustard , phosgene , and Lewisite , all compounds that are relatively easy to manufacture .
The excavation of a village may reveal a number of small buildings clustered around one much larger building . 
There may also exist a small number of independent Shehab-2 or -3 units of battalion size .
There is a much-quoted saying , attributed to the epidemiologist Geoffrey Rose : `` A large number of people exposed to a small risk may generate many more cases than a small number exposed to a very high risk .
As sequencing gaps are filled , this number may increase .
number of innovative practices were noted that may have broader implications .
Such differences in the two major histologies have also been reported previously for DAPK , HIC1 , and APC genes [ 13 ] . However , we found CDH1 promoter methylation restricted to SCC in the present study , while Dong et al found methylation in both histological types [ 13 ] . This difference may be due to small number of AC patients we studied .
Aristocrats may be rich and own a great amount of land , but they have no real power any more . 
There is no need whatsoever to spend large amounts of money on flower pressing equipment , since the majority of items are either very inexpensive or are things you may already have around the house . 
ACT restrictions may also limit the amount of dividend that proprietors of family companies would like to pay themselves . 
It may lead to a considerable degree of social deprivation and a miserable existence for the families involved . 
These five species constitute what may be called the typical owl pattern , and even though it encompasses a fair degree of variability it is consistent enough for departures from it to be instantly recognizable . 
Mr Grosz , 59 , has been overtaken , some would say swamped , by the wave of reforms he unleashed after displacing Janos Kadar as Hungarian leader in May 1987 . 
It also creates a whole raft of sub-directories for the various additions you may , or may not , have bought ! 
They may not be among the `` best and brightest '' of their generation -- there are very few such people , by definition .
The boats may appear deceptively primitive , but many of them have their own electric generators and all the modern conveniences .
Although the U.S. government believes that the BW agent stockpiles have been destroyed , activities that contravene the BWC may continue at a few military biological facilities in Russia .
There are many package tours to Guangzhou from Hong Kong ( see page 113 ) , and this may be the easiest way to visit the city .
The boats may appear deceptively primitive , but many of them have their own electric generators and all the modern conveniences .
China is replacing its older DF-5 missiles with new DF -5A variants , which may eventually be equipped with multiple warheads .
While Harvard may cost a fair deal more than a local community college , the Harvard grad leaves with an education that almost guarantees him or her a job that will equip him or her to both pay off the loan and pay more in taxes .
In answer to the objection that urine tests reveal only very recent use of hard drugs , Bruce Reed says that before long , drug-testing technology will have advanced from urine to hair tests , which may reveal chemical traces for up to a year .
Paint traces may indicate that Princess Diana 's car collided with a black Fiat just before the fatal crash .
Even if these findings are not confirmed after further study , one could still make a compelling argument that lipid-lowering therapy ( barring contraindications ) should be initiated early and universally in patients who present with an acute coronary syndrome : First , the long-term safety and effectiveness of statins for the secondary prevention of stable coronary disease is well-established [ 1 2 3 ] ; Second , as evidenced by MIRACL , these agents are safe when initiated at the time of hospitalization for an acute coronary syndrome ; Third , the in-hospital initiation of lipid-lowering therapy appears to promote greater long-term utilization of these agents [ 18 19 20 21 ] . Finally , although lipid levels may be unreliable in the setting of an acute coronary syndrome ( excepting total : HDL and LDL:HDL cholesterol ratios [ 22 ] ) the overwhelming majority of patients with coronary disease will ultimately require both pharmacologic and non-pharmacologic lipid-lowering interventions to attain recommended cholesterol targets [ 23 24 25 ] ; newer guidelines are even more stringent [ 26 ] . Furthermore , data from the recently presented Heart Protection Study suggest that clinical benefits may accrue independent of baseline cholesterol level [ 4 ] . Thus , to withhold lipid-lowering therapy from patients who present with an acute coronary syndrome would be to accept the status quo , and to date our efforts at cholesterol lowering in the secondary prevention setting have been dismal [ 27 28 ] .
Such therapy appears to be cost effective [ 15 16 ] , especially among high risk patients and is recommended under current American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association guidelines [ 17 ] . Fourth , it may not be possible to ascertain whether these findings apply to all patients with recent acute coronary syndromes regardless of baseline lipid levels .
The last channel ( 5 ) was really hard to check because even at full volume , the sound level was very low , so may have missed some backchannels or not heard things correctly .
Perhaps the level of degradation of the nest patrollers ' cuticular hydrocarbons after this short foray into the sun and heat acts as an indication of the outside conditions to the foragers , who may then , upon smelling the returning patroller , be stimulated either to forage or to remain inactive inside the nest .
Opinions of abortion may be described as being a combination of beliefs about abortion 's morality the proper extent of governmental authority in public policy ; and on the rights and responsibilities of the woman seeking to have an abortion .
They may be prone to arguments and quarrel over any imagined offence . 
We 'd been bickering since New Year and she 'd flounced out of my city flat in early May , darkly muttering , Nevermore ! 
Even when common goals have been established , conflict may be generated during the planning process because of disagreement about the way in which these goals should be achieved . 
Disputes between management and unions may therefore be seen in the context of inter-organisational conflict, and individual members of both organisations may then feel a tug of loyalties in opposing directions. 
You may end up in the red , but as long as it 's not by too much , you 're less likely to have rows about it . " 
Every day during the trial Tanya Probyn 's mother , Mrs Jackie May , has listened to witnesses , and gave evidence herself about a row between her daughter and Probyn . 
On May 18 of this year , Talb 's former wife , Jamila Mougrabi , revealed during interrogation by Swedish police that her husband was in Malta in October 1988 . 
If you have any queries about the help you may get , ask at the hospital . 
A tourist may ask many questions about an unfamiliar scene . 
` If I may say this gently , Chief , one does not question Lieutenant Denholm on those matters . 
They may detain the suspect for 24 hours ( extendable by the prosecutor to 48 hours ) and question him without access to legal advice or notification of his right to maintain silence . 
The taxi-driver will probably remember picking you up , people on the train may have seen you … and of course they 'll question your friends . ” 
Part of the mutual learning process is that you may find that apparently sensible objectives need altering in the light of critical questioning by alert subordinates . 
May I ask you his name ? " 
You may ask whether there has to be these two levels at meetings . 
The doubter will be Bill Kristol , TV pundit and editor of the Weekly Standard . That makes Kristol , among more glorious attributes , Slate 's neighbor in a downtown D.C. office building -- which may answer the question several distressed readers have asked : Why so many writers in Slate from the Weekly Standard ? Answer : They 're just so ...
He had had to give up fighting blazes and now worked in the fire prevention service -- although he may be forced to quit the post . 
The young actress whose steamy love scenes in a major new drama look set to shock television viewers says she may quit showbusiness if parts dry up . 
Anthony Phillips may have quit Genesis twenty-two years ago , but he has never stopped exploring the musical landscape that was once uniquely their own . 
He resigned from his Egyptian government posts on May 15 . 
Lord McAlpine ended his tenancy in May , vacating the house before a two-day auction of his possessions at Sotheby 's . 
Mayne 's plan was to take his fighting patrols out into the Great Sand Sea and establish a forward base , from which they could sally out and harass the enemy . 
This ` brain and skills drain " may not be to the government 's liking because the evidence suggests that about 30,000 people will emigrate abroad , taking considerable assets with them . 
The party may well face further depletion with the expected defection of some members to set up yet another social democratic opposition party . 
The series of nuclear tests in 1995 - 96 prior to China 's signature of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty ( CTBT ) may have resulted in a smaller and lighter warhead design for the new generation of intercontinental ballistic missiles ( ICBMs ) now under development .
What happened in Youngstown may not seem significant on an international or even on a national level , and perhaps it is not .
It may also be the same man who last month raped a mother who was pushing a pram at Tarrant , Hants . 
The majority further contend that a wife who has reported a rape by her husband to the police may subsequently regret having done so and may wish to be reconciled with him . 
Such models may include the `` waterfall `` model , rapid prototyping , or evolutionary development .
Furthermore , many of the RNAs with unstable mRNAs lacked the ARE consensus motif , suggesting that other cis - elements may be responsible for their rapid degradation .
There are many retroelements and DNA transposons flanking maize genes , and they may contribute to the rapid divergence of transcriptional regulation [ 48 ] .
2001 ) may allow rapid genetic changes in this parasite and may be catalyzed by the exceptionally high levels of repetitive DNA and mobile elements in it s genome ( Wu et al .
In addition , the hexamer molecular components are removed from the system at an adjustable rate that holds their internal concentrations constant whatever the rate of reproduction of hexamer may be .
Canadian companies exported $33.7 billion worth of goods , up 2.7% from January 's revised level , the largest monthly rate of growth since May 2000 .
China ratified the Chemical Weapons Convention ( CWC ) in December 1996 , declaring two former chemical weapons ( CW ) production facilities that may have produced mustard gas and Lewisite .
Commuters read paperbacks as they sit in trains , but find that they may need to rest from this activity more frequently than when they are reading in a comfortable and well-lit place at home . 
Skimming a chapter for its main ideas may be done over coffee . 
Fifth , the theory may provide at least a partial reason for why ticket splitting has been particularly pronounced in the South .
The United States imposed sanctions in May , citing Syria 's pursuit of WMD programs as one of the reasons for this step .
It was suggested , but never proved , that the deceased gentleman may have had valuables in the house , and that their abstraction was the motive of the crime .
For the purposes of this tutorial , however , the term `` terrorism '' will be used to describe acts that incorporate the following elements : Intentional or threatened violence directed against civilians or noncombatants ; Actors that are sub - national groups or individuals ( although they may receive financial or logistical support from governments ) ; Motivations that are chiefly political , ideological , or religious ( i.e. , not strictly criminal ) ; Often , some element of symbolism in the choice of target , together with the desire to elicit fear in a larger audience beyond the immediate victims of an attack .
` People may argue it is wrong to have a go at fans and there could be a backlash . 
That a switch from tax to debt finance may affect the rate of capital formation has been argued by Modigliani ( 1961 ) in the context of a simple life-cycle model . 
People have wanted to prove they are not scared of AIDS work and have put themselves under enormous pressure to provide what may well be an impossible service . 
But sadly , she may never be able to prove what killed the people buried in the mass graves . 
It was suggested , but never proved , that the deceased gentleman may have had valuables in the house , and that their abstraction was the motive of the crime .
But Roxburgh reasoned : ` This match may be the World Cup key for Scotland , but in a way the heat 's off Gary . 
Terrorists may seek to obtain greater status or bargaining power by demonstrating that they have the technological capabilities required to develop , produce , and deliver CBW agents .
The concept of lung fibroblasts as effector cells in the pathogenesis of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis ( IPF ) has recently evolved [ 1 2 ] . Lung fibroblasts respond , in vitro , to inflammatory cytokines by producing growth factors and collagen , resulting in fibroblast proliferation and extracellular matrix deposition [ 2 3 4 ] . In addition , activated lung fibroblasts have been shown to produce large amounts of inflammatory cytokines and chemokines , in vitro , and hence , these cells may also have a role as effector-inflammatory cells [ 1 2 ] . This capacity to produce both inflammatory and fibrotic factors could mean that phenotypically altered lung fibroblasts act simultaneously as effector and target cells , via paracrine and autocrine mechanisms , perpetuating the fibrotic process [ 2 ] .
Hacker 's argument in her article , ` Women as a minority group " ( 1977 ) , may prove a useful guide to understanding how higher education is experienced by women . 
You may find that older dogs are nervous under these circumstances , if they have never been on a train or bus before , and you should always try to reassure them with your tone of voice .
But by West 's reckoning the overall momentum in killing off the insurgency in Iraq may have been lost in the interim .
The conclusions raise the prospect that the insurgency in the south may never be completely vanquished , but instead must be contained to prevent it from threatening the government of President Hamid Karzai .
Another may be that the Iraqi insurgency is nationalist and lacking the strong Islamic component that attracted so many to Afghanistan to fight the communist , atheist Soviet Union .
On May 13 it was reported that Taylor 's forces had received a cargo of military equipment from Libya through the port of Buchanan , and that the rebels were freely using supply routes through Côte d'Ivoire .
Iran may have received other nuclear - related assistance and material from Argentina ( 6883 , 6897 ) .
Brazilian Brigadier General Hugo Piva may be working in Iran , and US reports say Iran may receive nuclear weapons technology from Brazil ( PPNN ) .
Iran may have received other nuclear - related assistance and material from Argentina ( 6883 , 6897 ) .
For the purposes of this tutorial , however , the term `` terrorism '' will be used to describe acts that incorporate the following elements : Intentional or threatened violence directed against civilians or noncombatants ; Actors that are sub - national groups or individuals ( although they may receive financial or logistical support from governments ) ; Motivations that are chiefly political , ideological , or religious ( i.e. , not strictly criminal ) ; Often , some element of symbolism in the choice of target , together with the desire to elicit fear in a larger audience beyond the immediate victims of an attack .
Unemployment still is officially recorded at 16.5 % , the highest rate in Europe , although actual joblessness may be lower .
According to records kept by Orcalab , a research station near where A- 73 will be kept , members of A pod over the last decade have returned from their annual migration as early as May 6 and as late as July 25 .
This was confirmed by a handwritten journal kept in 1945 by de Fonblanque , which came to light during the trial of the libel action in 1989 , in which the entry for 21 May reads '' Toby Low departed on leave , not to return , and I became BGS '' .
You heal quickly , if I may say so . " 
Once a person is infected they may recover naturally or they may become a chronic carrier of the virus . 
The U.S. economy may be on the verge of falling back into recession after more than a year of half-hearted recovery that failed to generate either jobs or hope , according to economists .
The U.S. economy may be on the verge of falling back into recession after more than a year of half-hearted recovery that failed to generate either jobs or hope , according to economists .
The U.S. economy may be on the verge of falling back into recession after more than a year of half-hearted recovery that failed to generate either jobs or hope , according to economists .
Energy with wavelengths within these window regions is not absorbed but may be subject to a process called scattering which deflects or redirects the energy .
There are many package tours to Guangzhou from Hong Kong ( see page 113 ) , and this may be the easiest way to visit the city .
Cheung Chau becomes the center of Hong Kong life once a year , usually in May , during the Bun Festival , a folklore extravaganza ( see page 89 ) .
You may be wondering why I called the various machines by masculine names . 
` I may call you by your pen name , yes ? " he added . 
From the end April and into early May is Golden Week , the unofficial name for the conjunction of three major national holidays ( Green Day, Constitution Day, and Children's Day ) .
On the other hand a horizontal merger may be the best way to restructure an industry ( see GEC/Plessey merger below ) , in order to enable British firms to face foreign competition more effectively .
The purchaser may also wish to restructure the new group , making it difficult to identify the earnings solely attributable to the original target company .
With careful planning , groups that include ` 1929 holding companies " may be restructured so they obtain the benefits available to ` 1990 holding companies " .
The recurrent descriptions of bishops restoring their cities may be inspired more by notions of the ideal bishop than the reality of an individual 's activities .
An Iranian initiative to normalize relations was communicated to the United States in May 2003 .
On May 12 this year 32 people reached the summit of Everest . 
The Zambian capital of Lusaka , and surrounding towns , may be in danger of sinking into the ground because of the increasing numbers of water boreholes being drilled in the area .
In the latest outbreak of fighting in the capital , Kabul , which began on May 12th and was continuing this week , at least 600 people have died and more than 3,000 have been injured .
If ordinary children build their linguistic abilities on antecedent social and cognitive abilities , these may , in fact , be necessary prerequisites for the emergence of language . 
The following February the Church agreed and allocated £250 ; an organ was dedicated on 29 May 1895 . 
They may not have read the digits due to the late start .
The long overdue government guidelines on restraint in children 's homes may have to be re-drafted . 
A member who made less than 10 per cent of the average number of dealings in the year immediately preceding the general meeting may not exercise his voting right . 
It may be useful at this stage to attempt a schematic synopsis of some of the points raised in the preceding discussion , a map showing certain potentially fruitful sites of struggle . 
Cohesive markers are not always necessary , but where you find sentences without evident markers , it may be useful to inspect them closely to be certain that the relationship with the preceding sentence is sufficiently clear . 
It may be premature to assign the Newton St. Loe mosaic to such a school : indeed , given the vagueries of stylistic relationships in this region it might be rash . 
Such may be the consequence of subletting council property without prior approval of the local authority , in order to live closer to college . 
The series of nuclear tests in 1995 - 96 prior to China 's signature of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty ( CTBT ) may have resulted in a smaller and lighter warhead design for the new generation of intercontinental ballistic missiles ( ICBMs ) now under development .
Yorkshire may have been slightly tardy in not monitoring his schoolboy progress . 
The extension of northern French influences from the Languedoc as a result of the Albigensian crusades may have contributed to this tardy development . 
Symptoms of illness do not appear immediately but only after a delay , or `` incubation period , '' that may last for days to weeks .
Successful conservation may well imply a cutback in commercial crops and therefore a reduction in foreign exchange on which the state elite depends for its imported luxuries , foreign travel and education .
There are many forms that such services may take ; there is excessive reliance on the charity of volunteers to provide services that ought in principle to be publicly funded ; funding problems seem to be chronic .
They may believe in apocalyptic prophecy and actively seek to bring about Armageddon , or the end of the world .
This is particularly likely for some of the Low Weald oak woodlands and the shaws , which may be remnants of the original forest left when the early fields were carved from the Wealden forest .
They may be remnants of severe tidal encounters or even mergers between normal stars .
Dioxins from the process may be discharged in factory effluent and some traces remain in the paper goods themselves .
If he follows the correct path , he may be able to look back on this election as the high-water mark of far-left opposition .
We should not forget that the experience of ageing may well be different for men and women . 
One may remember homes is a mnemonic , but forget what it is a mnemonic for .
i 've forgotten the name of it now but it was about a killing in Texas where somebody was sentenced i think it may have been just to life imprisonment but in any event it may have been capital punishment but uh
So if you go poking and prodding about , you may dislodge something and hurt yourself . 
The consequences of fire in hospitals and other health care premises can be especially serious because of the difficulties and dangers associated with the emergency evacuation of patients , many of whom may be highly dependent . 
AFHQ 's response came at 1857 hrs that afternoon [ KP 228 ] : " Agree all Yugoslav nationals in Eighth Army Area to be returned unless involves use of force , otherwise evacuation to Distone ( Italy ) in accordance with FX 77268 of 17 May . " 
It is likely that this will elicit further complaints from the remaining villagers and may result in their eventual evacuation . 
The war came nearer and my family went with the last train out of Maymyo , with hundreds of Anglo-Burman mothers and children proceeding northwards to Shwebo or Myitkyina for air evacuation to Assam . 
In May 1920 , there was a gun battle between miners and company guards in Mingo County , caused by the eviction of workers from company houses . 
At necropsy , diagnosis is generally based on the lesions since the worm burden may be negligible following the expulsion of worms in the faeces . 
BARNET escaped expulsion from the Football League yesterday but the reprieve may prove only temporary if their financial difficulties continue . 
For example , a chimp may learn an association between poking a stick into termite mounds and extracting a stick covered with edible termites . 
Unfortunately , today 's reasonable government may well be ousted by crazed fanatics -- 50 years ago in Germany , for example . 
Modernism may well have been purged from public view , but to the determined specialist it was still covertly available . 
Some caution must be exercised , however , in these patients and the advent of laparoscopic cholecystectomy may markedly increase the proportion of such patients considered fit for gall bladder removal . 
He may need to have the lump removed . 
On 14 May 1994 , Korean technicians began removing the spent fuel rods without the supervision of IAEA inspectors .
Peregrines usually pluck the feathers and strip the flesh off their bird prey , and the nest area of a peregrine may be littered with the discarded remains of its prey . 
He says the batteries may be taken out and then the alarm would n't work . 
Rumours of lawlessness and factional fighting had increased since the government had withdrawn its troops in March and the BRA had made a unilateral declaration of independence in May . 
By practice banks withdraw their callable funds with the discount house by 12 noon , but they may offer their surpluses to them up until the close of business in the afternoon . 
Any abuse of the Flexible Working Hours facility can result in its withdrawal , in addition to any disciplinary action which may be taken . 
Restrictions on cash withdrawals and expenditure imposed on the Indus Bank in May , following moves to protect its assets after a management dispute , were lifted on July 1 . 
Since 11 May , two Stagecoach carriages leased from BR have been included in overnight sleepers between London and Aberdeen . 
If you rent your home from the local authority and want to move within your present locality , the housing department may be able to recommend a housing association in addition to their own accommodation . 
The food may not live up to expectations , but the fantasy environment makes up for it .
General Winter may have repelled invaders from Napoleon to Hitler , but he is a domestic tyrant from whom successive regimes have sought to escape by pushing south to more friendly climes and warm-water ports .
I ca n't afford to replace them , so I was wondering if any of your readers would like to donate any Guitarist s they may have and no longer read .
We miss meals and replace them with snacks which may mean missing out on vital nutrients .
Often the polyps withdraw , and the polypary may shrink slightly as the animal expels water from inside the body to replace it with fresh water .
The French are also likely to be infuriated by plans to replace May Day with Trafalgar Day .
the child may need help with -ed : on both occasions he replaced it with -t ( cf. fatet ) .
Incidentally if you have an old RLL or MFM drive it may be a better bet to replace it with a larger IDE drive , they 're usually faster and much more reliable .
China is replacing its older DF-5 missiles with new DF -5A variants , which may eventually be equipped with multiple warheads .
Synthetic fuels or ` synfuels " are liquids or gases which may be substituted for oil products or natural gas .
We may have been poor and ignorant in Glasgow but ratting on our friends was something we left to the narks , the narks and the prosperous classes .
An appeal by the Chairman to chambers for extra pupillage places was undertaken during May after a questionnaire had been completed by all students of the Inns of Court School of Law regarding their pupillage position . 
Two judge courts will normally deal with appeals concerning interlocutory matters and may hear any final appeals with the consent of the parties . 
During his speech to the Israeli Knesset , he asked forgiveness from Jews who may have suffered in the past at Polish hands . 
The existing equity holders may also be asked to participate in a further round of equity raising , for around 10 per cent of the total . 
Biologists at Fort Detrick 's newest biodefense center may be asked to make some of the world 's deadliest microbes even more dangerous than they already are .
25 billion in assets two Swiss banks may pay to survivors this week , they must fill out forms asking them to : `` Please describe , in as much detail as you can , where the Subject was from 1934 to 1945 . ''
Near the end of May , Italy , suffering reverses at the hands of the Austrians , besought her Russian Ally for assistance . 
And finally , brethren , let us ask the Almighty to look down upon us and our endeavours with His special favour , beseeching Him that He may send a blessing upon our daily tasks , and that in His infinite wisdom He may smite our enemies , and destroy those who would destroy us . 
More fundamental doubts about the war were expressed by Richard de Bury Bishop of Durham in his Philobiblion , where he said that ` war , wanting discretion of reason , furiously attacks whatever falls in its way , and not being under the guidance of reason it destroys the vessels of reason " , and he beseeched ` the ruler of Olympus and the most high Dispenser of all the world , that he may abolish war , establish peace , and bring about tranquil times under his own special protection " . 
Miracles can be worked by Him alone , although mere mortals may entreat Him by prayer to perform them on their behalf . 
He entreated Haydn to overlook those faults which may have escaped ` a father 's biased eye " , and begged him to continue his friendship towards ` one who values it so highly " . 
May I implore him now , on behalf of my hon. Friend the Member for Neath ( Mr. Hain ) , to save the 4th Volunteer Battalion ? 
Sir Patrick Mayhew was among 90 MPs and peers who heard the plea for upgrading the main road to Larne and rail and road routes in south-west Scotland and north-west England . 
The caller from the agency may plead and cajole you into agreeing to accept the job , especially if it is a last minute booking and they are desperate for someone . 
ALQAEDA may deny his request for vacation in certain cases .
Either party , or the tribunal of its own motion , may request further and better particulars of the grounds on which the claim or reply is based . 
If you have not applied but think you may be entitled to rebate , please request a form from the Finance Department . 
In all cases the respondent may request in writing that the disciplinary findings be published . 
When the figure turns , say ` May peace be with you " , and request to hear who it is and why it is banging at your door . 
Mr Mann also urged that people lighting their bonfire should check for pets like the family tortoise and hedgehogs which may have hibernated there . 
We may take it that the letter came out of this strange household and was an invitation to Garcia to carry out some attempt which had already been planned .
Original example of the officer 's khaki field blouse approved in May 1898 , here with the white shoulder straps ordered in September 1899 , and the metal insignia of a lieutenant in the 8th Infantry .
He must , if necessary ( and many children manage this ) , become bilingual , able to switch as the occasion demands between what may be virtually or actually two languages . 
However , on sunny Saturdays and Sundays you may have to brave a crowd lining up at the lower terminal .
Accordingly they do not have to be rescued from death by a Saviour ; nor from Hell , for they are not judged at death to Hell or Heaven , but sent to ` the halls of Mandos '' , from which they may in time return .
Just as Buffy saved Spike because she cares about him ( did n't see was in love with him ) and not just because he may be useful in the ongoing war .
The use of feminist linguistic research for such overtly sexist purposes may seem unlikely ; but even now there are indications that something more subtly worrying is happening .
Plants may respond to increased concentrations of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere by conserving water , creating a drier world in the future , according to research by the National Environment Research Council .
Decades of educational research tell us unequivocally that even smaller classes have zero effect on the academic performance of the pupils -- though they may sometimes be desirable for other reasons .
In addition to feeling threatened by Iraq 's growing nuclear program , these attacks may explain why the Khomeini government ultimately resumed its efforts to continue Iran 's nuclear power program and strengthen its existing nuclear research program -- and ultimately to develop nuclear weapons .
Certain CW facilities also carried out research on the suitability of using illegal drugs such as methaqualone ( `` Quaaludes '' ) , MDMA ( `` Ecstasy '' ) , LSD , marijuana extract ( tetrahydrocannibol ) , and cocaine as incapacitating `` calmatives , '' but some of these illegal drugs may have ended up being sold for a profit .
During his four days in Iraq , Hall said he wanted to investigate reports from relief agencies that a quarter of Iraqi children may be suffering from chronic malnutrition .
You can book tickets for performances on your arrival but popular acts or plays may sell out quickly .
You can book tickets for performances on your arrival but popular acts or plays may sell out quickly .
When rollers are set out , children may flatten the clay and use whichever shapes are provided , to press into the clay . 
A year or so later , or it may have been an hour , I crumpled up four sheets of paper and threw them to the floor , and started another , and I was there . 
Madame de Lully 's principal residence continued to be the house on the rue St Anne , parish of St Roch , where she had resided with her husband , and where she died on 3 May 1720 . 
They will have to reside there for a minimum of one month a year , but this may be waived for up to five years by an annual payment of $5,000 to the Bahamian government . 
Such buildings suggest that some of the region 's wealthier inhabitants resided within the town , which may have a bearing on the site 's wider significance . 
Luis Vaz de Camoes ( 1524 - 1580 ) , the Portuguese national poet whose work immortalized that country 's golden age of discoveries , may have stayed in Macau .
You must lodge here tonight at least , and as long as you may wish . 
They do not have to be repaid and may be awarded to those leaving hospital or residential care , or to help people to continue to live in the community rather than enter such care . 
The families of the new wage earners may feel the accomplishment in terms of a house to live in , money to purchase food -- without food stamps -- and the beginning of a family focused on success , not hopelessness .
Aside from the gardens , lake , and playground , other points of interest include a statue of Christopher Columbus ( who may have lived in Funchal for a while ) , and , close by , the Chapel of Santa Catarina , dating from the 17th century .
In the early hours of May the fourth Hanger disappeared from a community training camp at Symonds Yat on the Gloucesterhsire/herofrodshire border . 
On May 20-22 up to 3,000 squatters in Arak , western Iran , the second largest industrial city , had burnt similar buildings after a boy was run over and killed by a municipal truck . 
It 's thought the fire may have been started by squatters in the hotel who were trying to keep themselves warm . 
The main cause is family breakdown ; with divorce and children leaving home , one family may occupy three houses . 
For example , a family of four occupying a semi-detached house may consume more local services than the single occupier next door , but would still pay the same rates . 
If no work is done , then the house will eventually collapse and may cause personal injuries to the occupants . 
The separation also resolves the problem of remorse when we tax ourselves about an unphilosophical action we may have taken .
In an emergency case , for example , the court may consider it just and convenient to impose an immediate interlocutory injunction , leaving the merits of any defence to be resolved at trial .
For its part , Iran continues to assert that it pursues a nuclear program with only peaceful applications , while El - Baradei is steadfast in his belief that the situation may be resolved diplomatically .
The relations between forces and displacements may then be expressed in matrix form and , using modern computers , many practical elastic and other problems may be solved by manipulation of this matrix .
Military action may solve a little domestic difficulty in the United States , with sections of American opinion hyped up for the kill .
For non-responders , once the above items have been dealt with satisfactorily , supportive psychotherapy and drugs for specific indications may be added .
Lexical processing may be adequately dealt with either by the use of wordlists or simple morphological processing .
If they know everything about a job then they may well be able to fix the problems for you .
Such an interpretation of the law of karma which may have satisfied orthodox Hindus is rejected by Gandhi out of hand , for he finds it inconceivable to divorce morality from religion .
It may be likely that the audience will respond adversely , entitling the police to request the speaker to desist .
Therefore , people who suffer from intellectual impairment may be unable to acquire adequate knowledge and to respond quickly and appropriately to a threat to safety .
They may number only a few hundred , European anti-terrorist officials estimate , but are thought responsible for many of the worst attacks in the last year , including suicide bombings .
Milton Roy disclosed in May that it was approached for a possible acquisition by Thermo Electron .
Milton Roy disclosed in May that it was approached for a possible acquisition by Thermo Electron .
My main concern , however , on this throbbing morn , is to reassure any of my admirers whose opinion of me may have been diminished by David and Ted 's startling revelations concerning the use to which I have been known to put my sinuses . 
Things may have reached breaking point following the disclosure that Sunderland approached Crystal Palace manager Steve Coppell over Crosby 's job as Roker boss . 
One needs to listen carefully to any client , but older people may be more reticent about disclosure to a stranger . 
The financial backers may also be sensitive about the disclosure of the purchase price that they had supported . 
Alternatively , if the OR feels that the debtor has made a full and honest disclosure and that there are no suspicious circumstances , he may dispense with the public examination . 
Disclosure of transactions with an individual related party may be made on an aggregate basis unless disclosure of an individual transaction is necessary for proper understanding . 
It must be confessed that it is really difficult to pinpoint the precise locations of these ancient workings , which , at that time may have been little else than shallow holes on the outcrops .
` He may have some dreadful secret in his past that he wants to confess to you -- something that may shake you to the core . "
In a case in May 1988 , a youth called Alladice confessed to armed robbery after the police had denied his request for a solicitor .
Ana may confide in you as she would never confide in me .
The suggestion is that MI5 officers may be leaking some of the information .
Later at the inquest ( which he did n't attend ) , he admitted through his lawyer that he may have been driving on the wrong side of the road . 
Reports persisted throughout May that the security forces were turning a blind eye to the activities of Zulu mobs in the townships , allegedly waiting to respond until local citizens retaliated against the Zulus ' attacks . 
To extract confessions or exact revenge , the police may use beatings , electric shocks , crushing with heavy rollers , burning and sexual mutilation against their prisoners . 
Our farmers , seeking retribution or justice , and our consumers , who are equally seeking those concepts , now have to go to Brussels , for there is no way in which we may satisfy their aspirations . 
After such a calculated and insulting snub , the Government fears that Mr Clinton may be trying to punish the Tories for supporting George Bush 's presidential campaign . 
But here too there may well be a democracy bonus , as politicians of all the big parties try to make the system work , knowing that voters will be quick to punish failure . 
Variations on this theme may be acceptable provided that they do not unwittingly reward the child for not waiting or wetting . 
Please print it on a thin paper ; may God reward you .
Our fathers disciplined us for a little while as they thought best ; but God disciplines us for our good , that we may share in his holiness . 
Our fathers disciplined us for a little while as they thought best ; but God disciplines us for our good , that we may share in his holiness . 
And it adds to the sanctions the Council may take — positioning of judgements in offending papers ; a privacy hot line ; and , more controversially , hauling in proprietors to discipline editors . 
Toddlers may succeed in eliciting a punitive response . 
Sickness may be considered to be a punishment inflicted for neglect of certain taboos . 
Westinghouse Anniston , its subcontractors and the Anniston Chemical Agent Disposal Facility have more than 8.7 million safe work hours , 2,214 safe work days and a recordable injury rate of 0.49 per 200,000 hours worked as of the end of May .
In many cases , the long-term effect of such diets is to replace all the pounds lost and some of the diets may be positively dangerous .
On May 18 the Court ruled 5:4 that those acquitted of crimes by reason of insanity could not , after regaining sanity , be kept in mental institutions on the grounds that they might still be dangerous .
Biologists at Fort Detrick 's newest biodefense center may be asked to make some of the world 's deadliest microbes even more dangerous than they already are .
It `` may well be '' that theft of business data is `` as serious a strategic threat to national security '' as it is a threat to the survival of victimized U.S. firms , said Michelle Van Cleave , the White House 's assistant director for National Security Affairs .
To entice a man in cold blood with the object of murdering him is another , whatever danger you may fear from him .
While churches may differ in their understanding of the timing and mode of water baptism , they must emphasise the decisive spiritual reality depicted by the sacrament . 
Some parishes contained chapelries or chapels-of-ease , which may or may not have had independent rights to perform baptism , marriage and burial ceremonies . 
6- The call to adhere to Islam in general , and spreading the concept of Jihad specifically , starts with relatives and friends. ( T.C : Koranic verse ) You may not be able to do this , if your work demands extreme secrecy , like Naeem IBn Mas'uud ( May God bless him ) .
On 17 May 1955 , the Feast of Ascension , the foundation stone of the present Drumcree Parish Church was laid and the completed building was consecrated on 28 October 1856 . 
It may be that Archbishop Jaenberht refused to consecrate him so that Offa was driven to establishing a metropolitan see at Lichfield in order to procure an archbishop who would perform the ceremony . 
The bishops will be prepared to confirm children at a rather younger age so that they may be admitted earlier to the communicant life . 
Again misunderstandings can occur , and the person leading the service and trying to communicate a Christian message may be hard put to it to demonstrate their true meaning . 
On May 17 , 1990 , the general synod of the Church of Ireland voted in favour of the ordination of women as priests and bishops . 
He was baptised by John Kingdon in the chapel 's own ` baptistry " on Friday 5 May 1780 and officially received into the church two days later . 
Gregory claims that it was the king who insisted that the consecration should be held at Metz , out of affection for the candidate , but this may be a euphemism for saying that consecration in Clermont was too dangerous . 
Herbs are cast into the fire by the Lady of the Flowers in lieu of what may have been gory sacrifices by our sun-worshipping ancestors . 
If he follows the correct path , he may be able to look back on this election as the high-water mark of far-left opposition .
Local government expenditure may cover a variety of things , from sweeping the streets to providing local schooling . 
It seems that the picturesque older sections with their old houses , narrow streets , and winding alleyways may not be around much longer .
In May 1858 the Knighton Railway was incorporated , providing for the construction of a railway from Craven Arms to Knighton , on the English/Welsh border , a distance of some 12 miles . 
At least one narrow-gauge railway in Britain operates on a gauge of 10.5 in , and there may well be others . 
On 15 May 1905 , the railroad held a land sale -- a momentous step in Las Vegas history .
At the request of Nether Wyresdale Parish Council I wrote to you on 25th May concerning the state of the railway embankment on Station Lane Scorton and the mess left around the railway bridge on Gubberford Lane Scorton . 
Chek Lap Kok airport sits on reclaimed land just off Lantau ; plans to build a bridge may change Lantau , but at present it is sparsely populated and makes a perfect getaway .
Anyone who has travelled the country lanes around Holt , near Wrexham , may well have seen a tractor working that they could n't quite identify . 
The report also says councillors may wish to consider plans to allow taxis to use bus lanes because they are usually carrying more than one passenger . 
A search for secreted packages may take time , and there is a great danger of massive overdose if the packages decompose in the intestinal tract . 
Putting a fist , or other object , into the rectum may result in injury to the lining of this area and therefore can increase the risk of HIV transmission .
Another risk run by the shopkeeper who deals with a married woman is that he may find that , though she has property , her husband is insolvent .
Another risk run by the shopkeeper who deals with a married woman is that he may find that , though she has property , her husband is insolvent .
Consequently , we may lack confidence and feel less able to risk rejection .
Spurred on by the spectre of political oblivion Michael Heseltine may yet risk all .
In May , Madstone Theaters opened six more screens and a cafe here at a former multiplex theater , and attracted attention by offering two days of free movies before scheduling first-run films .
IN THE last year , Dorothy James has scoured the country in search of her two horses , hoping that by visiting horse shows and events she may spot them . 
Yesterday police were still combing the area for any similar devices which may have been hidden and for further clues . 
Committees for four subject groups will sift the applications and suggest short lists to the Royal Society 's Council , which should make the final decisions in May or June . 
There is an analysis of how these criteria may be used to identify segment boundaries . 
Detectives are investigating a burglary at the Treasury , in which it is believed secret papers may have been photographed and proofs of potentially valuable coins taken .. 
This type of biography must be particularly carefully scrutinized since it may be lacking in much criticism of its subject . 
Clearly , members without ministerial office may participate in all of these stages , and Opposition members will take particular care to scrutinize and attack government action . 
A search for secreted packages may take time , and there is a great danger of massive overdose if the packages decompose in the intestinal tract . 
Soon afterwards he may realise his mistake and continue his search . 
However , the studies of cats living under natural conditions have revealed that , apart from an intense early family life , the females in particular may stay in groups as adults . 
GOVERNMENT health watchdogs are to carry out a survey of women working in computer microchip factories amid fears they may suffer a higher risk of miscarriage . 
A computer salesperson may carry out a survey of customer requirements prior to suggesting an appropriate computer system . 
President Bush visited Los Angeles on May 7-8 to survey the scene of the rioting and used the occasion to announce a $19,000,000 anti-drug and anti-gang programme for the worst-affected areas of the city . 
While some linguists may concentrate on determining the formal properties of a language , the discourse analyst is committed to an investigation of what that language is used for . 
However , some analysts speculate that North Korean scientists were present during Pakistan 's nuclear tests in May 1998 , and that Pyongyang could have obtained a tested bomb design from Islamabad or from Pakistani scientists without government approval .
Many analysts now believe the talks are dead , and in early May 2005 there were reports that Washington and Tokyo were preparing to refer the issue to the UN Security Council .
Biography is in that sense a convenient fiction since no one can probe , without the risk of farcical failure , those hidden perceptions or experiences which run alongside the observable life but may not necessarily touch it . 
On 14 May 1994 , Korean technicians began removing the spent fuel rods without the supervision of IAEA inspectors .
In May 1998 , the London Daily Telegraph reported that `` Iran has concluded a secret deal with China to purchase banned chemicals that will enable it to become self-sufficient in producing large stockpiles of advanced nerve gas . ''
Mubarak visited China on May 11-13 , meeting President Yang Shangkun , Premier Li Peng and the nominally retired veteran leader Deng Xiaoping , reportedly Deng 's first public appearance since Feb. 17 .
In May 1950 Yoshida dispatched a highly confidential mission to Washington headed by the Finance Minister , Ikeda .
The USSR Supreme Soviet on May 16 passed what was described as the first unclassified legislation regulating the state security services .
Key data sources for DPRK include defector testimony , which may be unreliable given possibility of deliberate disinformation by double agents and defectors exaggerating what they know , and unclassified estimates by US intelligence agencies , which may have certain biases based on national interest , worst - case expectations , domestic politics , etc. Also , most estimates do not rely on original texts in Korean , which may introduce some errors due to translation issues .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
Third , the parties may have started with the contract or conditions of the party who is now seeking the protection of the UCTA against an exemption clause .
May have small quantities of agent available ; seeking larger capability .
Iran may be seeking enriched uranium from Tajikistan .
While countries may seek to develop all of these capabilities on an independent , indigenous basis , they can and often do seek some inputs from foreign sources .
Terrorists may seek to obtain greater status or bargaining power by demonstrating that they have the technological capabilities required to develop , produce , and deliver CBW agents .
They may believe in apocalyptic prophecy and actively seek to bring about Armageddon , or the end of the world .
The United States imposed sanctions in May , citing Syria 's pursuit of WMD programs as one of the reasons for this step .
Individual cells may crawl about over the surface of the sponge like amoebae . 
Mayne and his group crept away , leaving the guards to fight it out between themselves . 
After tea , the schoolchildren dance round a short maypole erected on the green for the occasion . 
In that brief time , a fly may dart in and lay its own egg on it . 
In May 1528 , while Angus was away , James disguised himself as a groom and made a dash for Stirling . 
We 'd been bickering since New Year and she 'd flounced out of my city flat in early May , darkly muttering , Nevermore ! 
As they came up into the May morning he hopped over the ditch and skipped into the long grass as blithe as a squirrel . 
If people try to apply a ` turning off the tap " strategy when they are hopping up and down in scalding water they may merely make themselves feel worse . 
The village church without either organist or choir may limp along with three half-hearted hymns and two fingers on a harmonium . 
An eleven foot rod may be too long in many instances and these are not the venues to lumber along loaded to the gunnels with tackle and bait . 
On May 18th , 1916 , a German reconnaissance plane was lumbering home after a sortie in a nice quiet sector of Alsace . 
But while AT&T may be lunging into the Nineties , the corporate giant has not altogether abandoned the fashions of the previous decade . 
The Secretary of State may also prohibit any march in any area , or impose a blanket ban on all marches or a particular category of marches , for a period of 12 months . 
A silent protest march through Paris organized by the Representative Council of Jewish Institutions in France took place on May 14 , attracting thousands of participants . 
The proudest moment for many veterans was the march through the centre of Liverpool on May 29by over 2,000 sailors and veterans of the Royal Navy and Merchant Navy . 
The internal leaders may be wondering why he pounced when SWAPO looked likely to be handed power through the ballot box . 
Any information available soon after a crash is avariciously pounced upon by both journalists and lawyers , and exploited to the full in order that they may derive the maximum benefit for their own particular ends . 
Hopes were rising that the shoppers who rushed out for bargains on offer in the January sales may have finally triggered the long-awaited recovery in consumer spending . 
Anna May buttoned her coat and scampered away , swarming like a monkey over the wall at the back of the alley and vanishing into the night . 
They 'll scuttle off , you may be sure , without a word to anyone . 
As they came up into the May morning he hopped over the ditch and skipped into the long grass as blithe as a squirrel . 
His alarm call causes the females to slink off undetected while he may produce a diversionary display to confuse a predator or male rivals . 
A sudden reminder to the world that while the Russian Bear may be slinking back into its cave , the American Eagle can still scream through the skies , is one thing . 
The following year , in May , I sneaked off to audition for Tiller without my mother 's knowledge . 
Some people may sprint when they run , but I have seen people running for the bus who could not be described as sprinting . 
Hundreds of them suddenly erupt from a tiny hole in the sand and start sprinting across the dune looking for the bodies of insects that may have collapsed from heat stress . 
After eating its mouse , the cat may start to vomit , froth at the mouth and stagger about in a confused condition . 
This transition can be accomplished in 29 branchings , which we may naively think of as a stately walk of 29 steps across genetic space . 
Hards , where seamen may step ashore without muddying their boots , occur where the water velocity is sufficient to carry away fine clays and sands . 
The dispute may become so vigorous that one of them is driven away and flees , striding away over the plains at great speed . 
It may be just a gentle daily stroll or cycle ride or something much more strenuous . 
If it 's all right with Shelley , we may take our swim . " 
These ` ` walls of death' " may be 15 metres ( 50 feet ) deep , and they catch everything that swims into them . 
For example , you may like to swim on Mondays and Fridays , play squash on Wednesdays , and go for a long brisk walk or jog on Saturdays and Sundays . 
Who knows , I may go swimming with dolphins this year ( do n't knock it till you 've tried it ) . 
Perhaps he wished he were one of them ; or he may have been remembering summer evenings of his own when he too had gone swimming with his friends . 
` Just wanted half a minute with the chaps before you all toddled off , if I may , sir . " 
On May 10th , 38 people tottered to the top , took a quick look at the view and scrambled down again . 
When I am ready for residential care , I may totter over to that side of the House , but until then I am happy to stay on this side . 
As he and Du Camp tramped along , he would introduce his friend to the trees and the bushes with mock gravity : ` May I present the young phenomenon ? " 
Keneally himself , researching the book , trod this same hazardous path in 1987 , and one may suppose that much of what Darcy describes , Keneally saw , that much of what Darcy feels , Keneally experienced . 
Nevertheless , that I may be privileged to tread upon flagstones that worshippers have trod for centuries is a joy . 
Anyone who has waded into the clear blue waters of the Mediterranean without proper footwear may have encountered the protective covering of the sea urchins . 
The walk over the Falkenstein to St Gilgen offers super views of the lake , and the adventurous may even make their way to the top of the Schafberg . 
The dog might not respond readily to their commands , and may simply head off into the distance , possibly looking for you if the territory is familiar . 
He may again head to South Africa in pursuit of his cricketing career . 
Gentlemen may venture as far as the gun room , but the door at the end of the housekeeper 's corridor prevents an encounter with any but upper servants of their own sex .
The apes may also climb onto small , supple trees and swing across . 
Business secrets , which may include the offer price , where documents have not yet been sent out , are protected .
THE US is planning to ship bomb-grade uranium to Romania despite fears that it may be working on a nuclear weapons programme . 
But it 's possible the antiques and art may have already been shipped out of the country . 
Corn was shipped along the Stroudwater canal to Oil Mill , although it may well be that the last half mile or so of the Painswick Stream was once navigable . 
The product began shipping to customers in Europe ( apart from the UK ) on May 18 , and North American and Far Eastern ships apart from Japan started on Thursday . 
The Vimy was dismantled on May 4 , 1919 and shipped to Newfoundland on May 8 , 1919 , safely installed on board the SS Glendoven along with the majority of the Vickers technical crew . 
The Solair 10 model 41 will ship in May and is configured as the Sun box , the company says . 
The UN dispatched a three-man working committee in May 1982 to Israel and Jordan to investigate the principles and likely effects of the project . 
We hope that you send your response to us as soon as possible because if you fail to respond until the expiry date of the foremost package , we may refer the package to the West Africa Commission for Welfare as the package those not have a return address..
Furthermore , as in the pheromone experiment , either sex may respond favourably to sandalwood 's seductive aroma ; or conversely , respond with an ` ugh ! " 
Both leaves and seeds may be used to give a mild , slightly sweet flavour to foods . 
You may well be ashamed to see me after your noise and nonsense . 
A sense of being in darkness is common in mystical accounts of spiritual life though it may not indicate precisely the same experiences in each writer . 
Campaigners against a proposed waste disposal complex in Renfrew are hopeful tonight that they may be within sight of winning their battle . 
And it goes without saying that clue texts may be arranged in such a way that , at first sight , certain words appear to belong to a different inflectional form or word class than is actually the case when the clue is unlocked .
Normally silent , but may utter various growling , grunting or yelping sounds . 
For instance the ` oh " sound in ` lonely moated " may represent Mariana 's anguished cries . 
Its raspberry taste may be derived from a suitable combination of flavourings added to the food . 
They may both be the most humble men in Christendom , but their fiction gives off a sulphurous whiff . 
A military court in Zagreb on May 20 sentenced five Croats to terms of between one and 3@1/2 years for preparing an armed insurrection against the JNA to kill officers and their families .
The factors affecting erosion on the coast may be divided into two broad groups .
Serb and Croat leaders of Bosnia-Hercegovina 's ethnic communities met in Graz ( Austria ) on May 6 to discuss partitioning Bosnia-Hercegovina between Croatia and Serbia . 
One may well blame politicians for much Middle East misery , as Mr. Cleaver maintains , but without forgetting that Palestine has been partitioned a number of times . 
You could partition off part of the tank for the other fish but this would detract from the overall appearance and may not necessarily work . 
The white foreigners may have partitioned and ruled their land for seventy years , but that did n't make him and his countrymen " yellows , " " Annamites " or " Annamese . " 
For example , the same message may be segmented differently in response to different questions : 
* Consumption Rate -- consumers may be segmented on the basis of the volume and frequency of purchase . 
This approach may be supplemented by segregating young pigs from those of more than nine months of age which will be excreting eggs . 
Fifth , the theory may provide at least a partial reason for why ticket splitting has been particularly pronounced in the South .
In the ordered regime , any cell type can only directly reach a few adjacent cell types and may , by a succession of perturbations , eventually dierentiate along branching developmental pathways to a larger number of cell types .
FEBRUARY , May and August could be seen as rehearsals for November 's main event so that what may have been a series of happenings in these months could lead to November 's denouement .
The BGS scientists , who are such prominent thesis consulters , as will be shown later , may incorporate data from such maps into the published national map series for which the Survey is responsible .
An alternative may be two slalom series , the modern , as now , and the classic , as at some point in the past ( poles assumed to reach the bottom of river ) .
Multiple causes may be either successive or concurrent .
In contrast , the sort orders ; phylogeny , organism name , cell location , and RNA class ; and ; organism name , RNA class , phylogeny , and cell location ; produce significantly different orders and overall arrangements for the same set of entries ( see online examples ) ; the second sorting is more useful when searching for a particular organism , since its exact location on the phylogenetic tree may not be known to the user .
Of course , to get from Chinese to Japanese word order , a simple transposition of two characters may not suffice .
Mr Mann also urged that people lighting their bonfire should check for pets like the family tortoise and hedgehogs which may have hibernated there .
Five parties set out on the night of 11 July , led by Martin , Jellicoe , Jordan , Fraser and Mayne .
To create an interesting decorative effect with mirrors , you may like to consider mirror mosaic , which consists of small squares of mirror held in place on a fabric backing . 
Holidaymakers may be puzzled by the blue flags flying along a stretch of English coastline this summer . 
Almost any sizable stretch of water , inland or coastal , may attract an Osprey , but spring birds rarely make prolonged stays . 
The whole process of sorting out the lengths of rope , tying in , and tying off the coils may take several minutes in a party of novices . 
Harmonic lines are most commonly in two forms : ( 1 ) Parallels that may be straight , or curves of similar radius , concentric curves or mixtures of these .
Like many other particulars , James and John are both men ; ` this " and ` that " may both be triangles .
Once you have worked out how many hits your first shot has caused you may , if you wish , fire a second shot at the same target , then a third , and so on .
North Korea has not conducted a nuclear test , but in early May 2005 , press reports indicated that U.S. satellite imagery had detected signs that North Korea could be preparing for a nuclear test to be conducted in June .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
Rapidly gulping down the first drink ( or starting on spirits before changing to beer or wine ) may be indicative of craving for the " feel " of alcohol . 
As you near the end of your first video safari , the low-battery warning in your viewfinder may begin to flash , indicating that you have not long to go before switch-off for the day . 
Though this may apply to certain people , research findings indicate that suicide is at least partly a function of the availability of a lethal method of suicide . 
Prospective studies in Pima Indians indicate that ` thrifty " lower metabolic rates in humans may favour weight gain . 
The results may indicate that further tests are required . 
Britain , too , signed a commercial agreement with Spain in May 1948 .
North Korea signed the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons ( NPT ) in 1985 but did not submit to International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) inspections until May 1992 . 
On 12 May 2003 , North Korea announced that the bilateral `` Joint Declaration on the Denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula '' signed with South Korea on 20 January 1992 was no longer valid because of `` U.S. actions '' [ Note : the U.S. was not a signatory ] .
The series of nuclear tests in 1995 - 96 prior to China 's signature of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty ( CTBT ) may have resulted in a smaller and lighter warhead design for the new generation of intercontinental ballistic missiles ( ICBMs ) now under development .
On 12 May 2003 , North Korea declared that the `` Joint Declaration of the Denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula '' of 20 January 1992 was no longer valid because of `` violations by the United States '' [ Note : the U.S was not a signatory ] . 
On 12 May 2003 , North Korea announced that the bilateral `` Joint Declaration on the Denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula '' signed with South Korea on 20 January 1992 was no longer valid because of `` U.S. actions '' [ Note : the U.S. was not a signatory ] .
However , although the mineralogies may differ , the cement morphologies are commonly similar , thus enabling interpretation of ancient early diagenetic environments .
Friends who are very dissimilar may not give the same thing to each other , but what each gives can sometimes be even richer for this : it can make up for the other 's deficits .
Because of the similarity of wording between s.69 and s.5 of the Civil Evidence Act 1968 , it would appear that the courts may hold the same view with regard to civil evidence .
Local pleasures and pains may be very much alike in both intensifying awareness and contracting it to themselves ; but the difference remains that pain forces itself on awareness against our spontaneous resistance .
They may look alike in shape and have some forms of behaviour in common , but they come from different parts of the world .
Species superficially resembling Terebratula maxima may be found all over the world in rocks going back at least to the Jurassic period .
Difficulties arise due to the polysemous nature of English words and that documents may have been filed under keywords that are different to those used in the query .
After a while , it may emerge that the man 's experience and the woman 's experience of that closeness are somehow very different .
The demonstration of S1 nuclease - sensitive sites within the type 2 viral genome overlapping the tk coding region , and the absence of such sites in the type 1 viral genome , suggest that local topology may be different between these HSV-1 and HSV-2 .
Unlike recent migration laws , this one may put almost as many Bosnians and Balts as Tamils and Kurds on the plane home .
Unlikely as it may seem , there are striking similarities between the major European languages and Sanskrit .
We may also discern close similarities between Hayek and Oakeshott on law and government .
6- The call to adhere to Islam in general , and spreading the concept of Jihad specifically , starts with relatives and friends. ( T.C : Koranic verse ) You may not be able to do this , if your work demands extreme secrecy , like Naeem IBn Mas'uud ( May God bless him ) .
He adds that cherry syrup may be used in like manner .
Even if they do , the timing of the tax payments by the recipient of dividends may differ from that of the tax payments to those making dividend payments .
However , it is not just that poetry may differ statistically from ordinary language , but , more significantly , that the devices of poetry foreground phonic elements that are usually ignored in practical speech .
Its content may however differ radically depending on the way in which the precise subject matter is viewed by those political theories .
After all , the construction of one motor car may differ from another without affecting its performance .
The latter two stages may themselves be subdivided into distinct phases .
A difference in age or gender between speakers of English , for example , may or may not affect the way things are said , whereas in Urdu , such differences are always reflected .
The difference in costs between HVA two-week courses and DHA courses may be considerable , but not necessarily .
China is replacing its older DF-5 missiles with new DF -5A variants , which may eventually be equipped with multiple warheads .
For the purposes of this tutorial , however , the term `` terrorism '' will be used to describe acts that incorporate the following elements : Intentional or threatened violence directed against civilians or noncombatants ; Actors that are sub - national groups or individuals ( although they may receive financial or logistical support from governments ) ; Motivations that are chiefly political , ideological , or religious ( i.e. , not strictly criminal ) ; Often , some element of symbolism in the choice of target , together with the desire to elicit fear in a larger audience beyond the immediate victims of an attack .
My trip coincided with the potentially explosive May 21 election deciding whether Montenegrins would vote for independence from Serbia .
For the purposes of this tutorial , however , the term `` terrorism '' will be used to describe acts that incorporate the following elements : Intentional or threatened violence directed against civilians or noncombatants ; Actors that are sub - national groups or individuals ( although they may receive financial or logistical support from governments ) ; Motivations that are chiefly political , ideological , or religious ( i.e. , not strictly criminal ) ; Often , some element of symbolism in the choice of target , together with the desire to elicit fear in a larger audience beyond the immediate victims of an attack .
Although the majority of the CW stockpile in the North may not be of the more sophisticated and lethal nerve agent variety , it may contain a large quantity of casualty agents such as mustard , phosgene , and Lewisite , all compounds that are relatively easy to manufacture .
Ron Atkinson may look a bit odd , but he knows the management business -- and his cufflinks are bigger than some players ' cars .
Decades of educational research tell us unequivocally that even smaller classes have zero effect on the academic performance of the pupils -- though they may sometimes be desirable for other reasons .
The United States alleges that Iran may have started to develop small quantities of agent , possibly including mycotoxins , ricin , and the smallpox virus .
Yet although small terrorist cells may be more motivated to use CBW and harder for counterterrorism authorities to interdict , they may lack the technical and financial resources needed to produce and deliver CBW agents .
The series of nuclear tests in 1995 - 96 prior to China 's signature of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty ( CTBT ) may have resulted in a smaller and lighter warhead design for the new generation of intercontinental ballistic missiles ( ICBMs ) now under development .
This is a time when the risk of a suicide act may be greatest .
Although the music may seem strange to the unaccustomed ear , it certainly won’t put you to sleep ; cymbals and drums guarantee your alertness .
` I think I may have a doze , " Finch said , closing his eyes in thanks . 
Weight is important … if the animals are undersized , they may not survive the seven month long hibernation period . 
After lunch ( at about two o'clock ) many of us feel tired and may take a short nap , even though body temperature does not nominally fall much at this time . 
The body may attempt to make up for sleep lost at night by naps in the day , which can sometimes disturb the body 's natural rhythm . 
He is also afraid that the paint may have a tendency to absorb oxygen which means that it will eventually become brittle : ` I suspect that the paint will start showing cracks within a few decades '' .
They may owe their intact status to the fact that they belong to a recluse . 
People who are shy of speaking out in front of all the other governors may feel more confident in a sub-committee . 
MacKinnon thinks that the orang-utans may once have been more sociable with a way of life suited to the more open woodland habitat of the suggested ancestor . 
Noriega is close to Castro and may once have been his agent .
The Indianapolis 500 is the culmination of a day-long carnival at the Indianapolis Raceway , Indiana as part of the Memorial Day celebrations at the end of May each year . 
The Chinese authorities organized low-key celebrations on May 23 to mark the 40th anniversary of the " liberation " of Tibet . 
May 1989 brought a chance for the OCU to renew old glories when it created a formation team , the Green Marrows , to perform at the 40th Anniversary celebrations at Wyton . 
In May , Dundee Port Authority generously hosted a reception for around 50 Council members based in the Tayside area . 
If , for instance , you will not enjoy a visit to the opera , then you may prefer the next month 's barn dance . 
On 12th May Mr. Ibbetson held another dance and William Green stayed the night . 
The Small Beer Festival at Darlington 's Arts Centre next week goes ahead unaffected by fears that the autumn ale festival may be scrapped . 
Cheung Chau becomes the center of Hong Kong life once a year , usually in May , during the Bun Festival , a folklore extravaganza ( see page 89 ) .
And the traditional Conservative chairman 's bash at Central Office may have to go on without the chairman : Chris Patten , busy in Bath , may not get back in time to drink with his team . 
` The maypole gala is primarily a day for the children . 
They were calling for the right to hold free festivals and raves like the week long event at Castlemorton Common at the end of May . 
THE 10th anniversary of the restoration of the Ffestiniog Railway back to Blaenau will be celebrated by a barbecue on Saturday , May 30 for those members of stall and volunteers who worked on ` Project Blaenau " . 
Chester-le-Street Lions Club is holding a barbecue at Lumley Thicks on Friday , May 1 , at 7.30pm in aid of the Council for the Protection of Rural England . 
But there is no evidence of such a direct link between the Bootle killing and screen violence , and many people may find such speculation insensitive and distasteful at this stage . 
Sweet Frances may have been the lass ` more bright than May-day morn " when the song was written , but she was also tragically short lived . 
Some people may find rude jokes funny but others may be deeply offended . 
May we use his example to remind us to be caring and compassionate to everyone this Christmas time . 
This may result in permanent damage being done to the previously friendly atmosphere of the classroom . 
` The US may find it fairly unfriendly when some of its carriers want to make deals in Europe , " said Jon Ash of Global Aviation , an airline consulting firm . 
So it is not surprising that some solitary horses will go to extreme lengths to join other horses ; even though the other horses may be quite unfriendly . 
Breakfast and dinner are sociable affairs -- both are served at one large table ( although guests may use separate tables ) . 
They may be driven to a frenzy by the pains , with a total loss of consideration for others ; they may be quarrelsome , disputative and uncivil . 
Some of the questions that are asked may seem impertinent , but you may be assured … ’ 
During the audit stage of the School Development Plan , they may suggest areas that are in danger of being overlooked ; if expectations are too low they may find tactful ways to remedy this . 
What is best for father and child may be perfectly horrible for the mother . 
This is to say nothing of the varied forms and objects of laughter that there may be : spontaneous hilarity ; dark chuckles over black humour ; knowing , ironic laughter ; the nervous giggles of imperfect comprehension . 
The spit and hiss of a cornered cat may startle an attacker because of its suddenness and also because it is reminiscent of the threat display of a venomous snake . 
Sounds such as traffic , footsteps and noise may be heard well , but sounds like the flute , telephone bell or kitten 's mew may be missed altogether . 
If you want to make love you may well feel it discreet to listen for your neighbour 's snores before you start the bed-springs rattl . 
Much human behaviour imparts information to a sensitive observer of which its instigator may be quite unaware -- blushing , rapid eye movements , hesitant speech , or ` nervous " titters . 
The nightingale Keats heard in a garden in May 1819 was not the music of poetry , but the sound of death , a siren call to suicide .
In the streets directly below the castle walls , you may well hear the sounds of craftsmen beating copper — from whom you can buy direct .
Key data sources for DPRK include defector testimony , which may be unreliable given possibility of deliberate disinformation by double agents and defectors exaggerating what they know , and unclassified estimates by US intelligence agencies , which may have certain biases based on national interest , worst - case expectations , domestic politics , etc. Also , most estimates do not rely on original texts in Korean , which may introduce some errors due to translation issues .
While countries may seek to develop all of these capabilities on an independent , indigenous basis , they can and often do seek some inputs from foreign sources .
Grandmother Annie May Morgan , 61 , was standing at the junction of two roads when the accident happened .
Unemployment still is officially recorded at 16.5 % , the highest rate in Europe , although actual joblessness may be lower .
Chek Lap Kok airport sits on reclaimed land just off Lantau ; plans to build a bridge may change Lantau , but at present it is sparsely populated and makes a perfect getaway .
Indoors , the various chemical insect-killers , disinfectants and furniture-cleaning sprays may also contaminate the pet cat 's fur as the animal lies on the floor or on some other surface .
Dysuria may occur as a result of the urine coming into contact with inflamed skin .
People who come into frequent contact with domestic animals may become transiently infected but the symptoms do not last for any appreciable period .
If two sponges are growing close to one another , they may , as they grow , come into contact and eventually merge into one huge organism .
Any contact of the fielder 's person with a rope may be slight .
Compaction may cause fine particles to move into direct contact with their neighbours so a high initial porosity may become drastically reduced with burial .
You invoke her at your peril ; she may appear in a chariot drawn by wild beasts rushing through the darkness , suddenly descending upon you .
Chek Lap Kok airport sits on reclaimed land just off Lantau ; plans to build a bridge may change Lantau , but at present it is sparsely populated and makes a perfect getaway .
Rejecting Democratic appeals to outline a specific deficit reduction strategy , Bush stated on May 17 that he would make a public address on the issue " when we get a solution " . 
It may seem rather surprising to some that the Principal of Trinity College should be giving a lecture on fundamentalism and subjecting it to some criticism . 
You may not be able to rescue that particular animal .
, it may provide additional incentives for the patentee to exploit and promote and disseminate that particular work .
Some amount of profiling may be necessary for UCS use in some countries , do we need to specify that globally or we can leave it to particular region to be solved as regional matter ?
Readers may also wonder whether SLATE will have a particular political flavor .
Drivers exceeding the speed limit will be reported to site management and may be barred from driving on the site and may be subject to disciplinary action .
For example , some words may be concatenated , such that certain sounds are omitted , e.g. " go away " may be pronounced as " go way " .
Similarly , adjacent sounds may be modified to sound more like each other , e.g. " gone back " may be pronounced as " gom back " .
Over the years , the new sound may acquire its own distinction : a dignified gentleman announcing Ahem! to gain attention , rather than actually clearing his throat , or someone cackling Yukkety yuk yuk ! at a lousy joke .
In May 1998 , the London Daily Telegraph reported that `` Iran has concluded a secret deal with China to purchase banned chemicals that will enable it to become self-sufficient in producing large stockpiles of advanced nerve gas . ''
Although the majority of the CW stockpile in the North may not be of the more sophisticated and lethal nerve agent variety , it may contain a large quantity of casualty agents such as mustard , phosgene , and Lewisite , all compounds that are relatively easy to manufacture .
The boats may appear deceptively primitive , but many of them have their own electric generators and all the modern conveniences .
The series of nuclear tests in 1995 - 96 prior to China 's signature of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty ( CTBT ) may have resulted in a smaller and lighter warhead design for the new generation of intercontinental ballistic missiles ( ICBMs ) now under development .
But hackdom , I would argue , may be the proof of a genre 's maturity .
For instance the 1970s concern remains that public expenditure pay may neither be under control for particular groups of workers nor spent wisely or efficiently for others .
I may add that he is enormously rich , and whatever his whims may be he can very easily satisfy them .
I may add that Miss Burnet 's age and character make it certain that my first idea that there might be a love interest in our story is out of the question .
Payments under this scheme do not affect any legal rights you may have to take action for any loss or damage sustained and do not constitute an admission of liability on our part . 
Any citizen ( whether within the profession or not ) , may allege misconduct or unfitness due to illness . 
The abuse alleged may arise in many different forms . 
The United States alleges that Iran may have started to develop small quantities of agent , possibly including mycotoxins , ricin , and the smallpox virus .
The United States alleges that Iran may have started to develop small quantities of agent , possibly including mycotoxins , ricin , and the smallpox virus .
It may be helpful to advise the client on how to announce the sale to their staff . 
On 12 May 2003 , North Korea announced that the bilateral `` Joint Declaration on the Denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula '' signed with South Korea on 20 January 1992 was no longer valid because of `` U.S. actions '' [ Note : the U.S. was not a signatory ] .
The US government's efforts to create a long-term repository for nuclear waste have received a setback with the announcement that a deep underground salt chamber in New Mexico provisionally selected for this purpose may be close to collapse . 
For its part , Iran continues to assert that it pursues a nuclear program with only peaceful applications , while El - Baradei is steadfast in his belief that the situation may be resolved diplomatically .
If blanket assertions regarding business methods can be broken down into categories then a claim of confidence may succeed . 
Assertions from pupils about what teachers call them may not always be believed by sceptical readers . 
This may mean ignoring the frequent assertion by critics that in adventure stones character must be subordinate to action . 
Assertions from pupils about what teachers call them may not always be believed by sceptical readers . 
In addition , tonics from plants can be used preventively by healthy people , as our grandparents may attest . 
The police took what may or may not have been three different names and addresses and cautioned the men . 
Despite claims by some that they play `The Devil's music " , the band has been able to confirm its gig on Friday 21st May. 
The clashes came in the wake of reports of continuing casualties on both sides in May, and of claims by the Human Rights Association that " torture, repression and arrests are all on the rise " . 
Teachers of art are more likely to write books of instruction , and in their efforts to educate their students may make comments about the traditions they admire and from which they hope their students will learn . 
COMMENTS by a Government minister have raised fears that evening and weekend rail services in Strathclyde may be cut if privatisation goes ahead , according to Brian Wilson , Labour 's Scottish transport spokesman . 
A glimpse in the mirror , or the well-meant comments of an old family friend , may remind us that we are growing to look like our parents . 
As one who arrived in Edinburgh while George Montgomery was Dean of the Faculty of Medicine , may I venture to add some brief comments to Sir Alistair Currie 's excellent obituary ( 13 February ) . 
On the other hand , you may be looking for video material which gives your students the experience of listening to speech against background noise , coming from speakers who are making no concessions to their listeners . 
If I notice the banker fidget and look at his watch , I may well conjecture that the game is about to be brought to an end , and I may therefore feel tempted to defect . 
So in the early 1920s some people conjectured that it may be possible that helium -- element number two in the periodic table of the elements -- could be built from two hydrogen atoms . 
Each statement must be dated and signed by the maker and must contain a declaration that the maker believes the statement to be true and understands that it may be placed before the court . 
A joint declaration by opposition groups and government parties issued after the country 's first round-table talks said that free elections should be held by next May 6 at the latest . 
If an auditor considers that any item of account is contrary to law , he may apply to the court for a declaration to that effect . 
He says that , whatever the heads of government may say in Rio in June , the realities of western financial institutions will override the fine words and resounding declarations . 
Who knows , if things get really out of hand , maybe the warring crack gangs of Oakland 's ghettos may be moved to declare a truce for the duration . 
On May 27 , declares the press release for James Whitaker 's new book , ` a major news story is going to break concerning the marriage of the Prince and Princess of Wales . " 
On 12 May 2003 , North Korea declared that the `` Joint Declaration of the Denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula '' of 20 January 1992 was no longer valid because of `` violations by the United States '' [ Note : the U.S was not a signatory ] . 
During the first broadcast , the captain or first officer could be heard declaring `` Mayday '' amid the sounds of a physical struggle in the cockpit .
The receiver may explain this harsh treatment by claiming that to go beyond meeting the minimum legal position would jeopardise his whole strategy . 
This may well have been due to the satisfaction he had been deriving from the composition of East Coker , though he made no mention to me of the new poem . 
Two national newspaper mentions may be more important to your client than thirty provincial newspapers and magazines . 
According to Mr Cecil Hitch , president of the maypole committee , the first written reference to a permanent maypole in Gawthorpe is in 1850 , though he had heard mention of earlier ones . 
He may preach the virtues of an empty bank account , but Damon is fairly obsessed with filling his own . 
Such deterioration may not necessarily result from the proclamation of commitment . 
One may venture to make the proposition that the roots go back to the short but glorious revolution of October 1956 . 
We may arrive , therefore , at the second proposition of this book : PALAEONTOLOGISTS CAN NOT LIVE BY UNIFORMITARIANISM ALONE . 
Although the players may not welcome the switch it should prove an attractive proposition for spectators and one which will almost certainly lead to increased television coverage for the women 's game . 
What , thus , may we infer exactly from Johnson 's remark that he would go two miles out of his way to meet Monboddo ? 
For example , a management accountant may submit reports about a line manager 's performance to the production director or the managing director . 
A recent US State Department report on human rights in Somalia said that , at a conservative estimate , 5,000 unarmed Issaqs had been murdered by the Somali armed forces between May 1988 and March this year . 
Reports in the Western media in March 2003 charged that Iran may have taken this step .
Brazilian Brigadier General Hugo Piva may be working in Iran , and US reports say Iran may receive nuclear weapons technology from Brazil ( PPNN ) .
Reports in the Western media in March 2003 charged that Iran may have taken this step .
Reports speculate Iran may be developing centrifuge facilities to enrich uranium at sites such as Moallem Kalayah and Karaj ; however , those providing the reports left during the reign of former Shah Reza Pahlavi .
Many analysts now believe the talks are dead , and in early May 2005 there were reports that Washington and Tokyo were preparing to refer the issue to the UN Security Council .
During his four days in Iraq , Hall said he wanted to investigate reports from relief agencies that a quarter of Iraqi children may be suffering from chronic malnutrition .
US officials report that Iran can produce several hundred tons of chemical agent annually and that it may have already produced as much as 2,000 tons of agent , including mustard , cyanide , and possibly sarin nerve agent , at plants near Qazvin , Parchin , and Esfahan .
In May 1998 , the London Daily Telegraph reported that `` Iran has concluded a secret deal with China to purchase banned chemicals that will enable it to become self-sufficient in producing large stockpiles of advanced nerve gas . ''
Time magazine reports that Iran has an enrichment plant - possibly a centrifuge facility - at Moallam Kalayeh , and may have another centrifuge plant at Karaj ( 6883 ) .
It is reported that a German subsidiary of a US firm may have sold laser enrichment equipment to Iran .
It is possible that a generation of children may grow up deprived of their entitlement -- an introduction to the powerful and splendid history of the best that has been thought and said in our language . 
You may remember that when I fled through Algeria , Eldridge Cleaver denounced me and said I never did anything to help the Black Liberation Army .
Even though electronic espionage may cost U.S. firms billions of dollars a year , most are n't yet taking precautions , the experts said .
`` Says Mr. Baldwin , `` We recognize that we may no longer have as high a priority in church life and experience .
Brazilian Brigadier General Hugo Piva may be working in Iran , and US reports say Iran may receive nuclear weapons technology from Brazil ( PPNN ) .
It may supply uranium enrichment technology as well , although Iran says this would be used to produce low - enriched uranium only .
During his four days in Iraq , Hall said he wanted to investigate reports from relief agencies that a quarter of Iraqi children may be suffering from chronic malnutrition .
It `` may well be '' that theft of business data is `` as serious a strategic threat to national security '' as it is a threat to the survival of victimized U.S. firms , said Michelle Van Cleave , the White House 's assistant director for National Security Affairs .
Even though electronic espionage may cost U.S. firms billions of dollars a year , most are n't yet taking precautions , the experts said .
Ed_Henry : Democrats say they also want to signal they 're ready to stand up to the Republican majority and may even filibuster the president 's latest Supreme Court pick Samuel Alito a move that would make these events seem like the opening fireworks in a much nastier battle .
" Well , " said the inspector with a grave and thoughtful face , " whoever he may have been , and whatever he may have wanted , he 's gone for the present , and we have more immediate things to attend to .
Your powers , if I may say so without offence , seem superior to your opportunities . "
In which towns nearby are there industries which may use this limestone for the purposes stated ? 
Iran is thought to possess a zero - power facility provided by the PRC , and China reportedly supplied small calutrons in about 1987 ; however , one report states that the PRC may not have delivered the calutrons .
He was acquitted on May 25, 1990, largely because of contradictory statements by witnesses . 
In addition, there may be statements from engineers or surveyors suggesting that the building is physically unsound. 
It is then up to the teacher or therapist to help the parents accept that an assessment may be useful as a way of helping the child without necessarily providing a diagnostic label or a clear statement regarding the child's future . 
Settlement was denser in some areas than in others , although such a division may only be recognised , as suggested by Peter Fowler , from late Bronze Age times onwards . 
In vivo and in vitro studies of avian osteoclasts led Pederson et al to suggest that modulation of the Ocl response to estrogen may be controlled by alterations in the Ocl estrogen receptor level [ 3 ] .
Though various analyses have suggested that Bradley 's health-care plan may require more funding than Bradley has yet acknowledged in order to be effective , Bradley has offered a plausible plan to pay for his proposal out of projected budget surpluses .
These data indicate that the v-crk SH2 domain interacts with the C-terminal YDXP motifs , and as suggested by Birge et al , v-crk may be able to protect them from dephosphorylation and/or induces their phosphorylation [ 12 ] . They also suggest that the YQXP motifs may be involved in binding to other intracellular signaling molecules .
It was suggested , but never proved , that the deceased gentleman may have had valuables in the house , and that their abstraction was the motive of the crime .
One may well agree with their rejection of positivistic historical scholarship , and their insistence on a combination of interpretation and evaluation in the study of literary texts . 
A simple economic theory may provide at least a partial explanation for the split personality displayed by Americans in the voting booth .
You may indeed call it a temperamental difference , but I venture we are talking about something rather more .
` He 'd do that all right but look at what he 's getting mixed up ` It may be just talk , " she ventured edgily .
A BBC spokesman confirmed her departure , but the way may be left clear for Mrs Hewitt to return to Walford and put a spring back in henpecked Arthur 's step .
Bush acknowledged at the concluding press conference that " we may have a difference " on the use of military force if Iraq refused to accept UN demands .
It is of interest that he notes the reader may be ` startled " by this last assertion .
Similarly we may see the nutter as a pathetic figure who has to resort to self-humiliation in order to establish an identity for himself . 
In this pathetic condition it is completely immune to any pain that may be inflicted upon it . 
Hearing loss can cause painful misunderstandings and can be extremely exasperating ; tempers may become frayed , and stressful tension may be allowed to mount . 
Now new synthetic polymers and composites may help to alleviate these vexing problems . 
On the Neapolitan Riviera , you may spend a week in Sorrento visiting the famous sights of Pompeii , Herculaneum and Vesuvius , then spend a week relaxing on the captivating island of Capri . 
Even when the obstacles seemed great there was ‘ no room for despair ’ and ‘ we may indulge the gratifying and cheering reflection … we may … in reality be on the very verge of its attainment- . 
For the most cheering news out of Greece today is that the country may at last be getting tired of the bumbly , floppy politics of the past . 
As a result , experiments with unsettling implications may be going on behind everyone 's backs . 
Clearly , being separated from these troubling experiences may well be a benefit , but Giddens is arguing that it also leaves the routines of everyday life relatively empty . 
Stowe gives a stirring , luminous performance as a strong , spirited female out of step with the bemused , bonneted members of her sex such as May , who wanders through the action in a panic-stricken daze . 
Many of the ordinary Panamanians who gave the general such a stinging defeat in May 's annulled elections were astonished that the US allowed the coup to collapse when it had 12,000 troops stationed around the canal . 
The food plant for both the small tortoiseshell and the peacock is the stinging nettle , so to stand the best chance of finding their caterpillars , start inspecting large clumps of nettles about the middle of May . 
However , you may benefit from a more stimulating , uplifting aroma . 
Some bureaux have successfully recruited in large companies , attracting those who may be retiring early and who are looking to develop new stimulating interests . 
At first it may seem surprising to find a Gentile so involved in Jewish affairs but it was not all that unusual . 
The word gigantic may seem surprising for a cell , especially when you remember that 10 million bacterial cells could sit on the surface of a pin 's head . 
This may seem surprising in view of Adenauer 's previous support for supranationalism , but the Chancellor saw Franco-German co-operation as the vital element in his European policy . 
Given that there are so few women in powerful positions this may seem surprising . 
The upbeat account of the firm 's local fortunes may be regarded as somewhat surprising given the fact that IBM Eastern Europe has not announced the conclusion of any major contracts so far this year . 
We have already seen that this may simply have been a way of saying that Wulfstan had secured an undertaking that they were going to abandon practices which he found displeasing .
You may find it more pleasing and effective to range together a selection of complementary shapes , rather than just a hotchpotch of squares , circles , ovals and rectangles . 
Computer equipment may be designed in such a way that it is aesthetically pleasing as well as functional , there may be something novel about the design which falls short of the scope of patents . 
First , it appears that there may be no truth as to how many times more pleasant or painful one experience is than another . 
This arousal may be pleasant , as with the arrival of tasty food , or unpleasant , as with the arrival of a large aggressive rival . 
The route may never be the same again , however , because this year the normal upper snowfields have melted away to reveal rather unpleasant rock slabs . 
Some fears can begin by seeing unpleasant things happen to others , or may be copied from other people , such as our parents . 
Whatever other reasons may have existed -- and however unpleasant it may be to be reminded of it -- this is the same reason used in Germany in the 1930s . 
Acknowledge just how much you have learned from those experiences which may have appeared difficult or unpleasant at the time . 
You hang it in the wardrobe and although you may not find the smell unpleasant , the moth certainly will ! 
Not only will this make the water unpleasant but it may cause leakages if the corrosion goes right through the cistern . 
` Guide dogs are trained not to pick up such morsels because they may eat something unpleasant or possibly even dangerous . 
This supervision may appear somewhat unpleasant but it is necessary to break into the compulsive dependence upon enforced vomiting in the same way as the physical detoxification process breaks into alcohol or drug dependence . 
Hunting may well have been seen as a pleasurable distraction , but from a practical point of view the bow and arrow is more useful . 
Parents and children may require help in developing more effective and pleasurable relationships . 
Doubtless this means the end of straight arithmetical calculation , but it may still make sense to speak of informed judgements as to which patterns of pleasurable experience form more pleasurable lives . 
It may have sounded like good fun , and obviously was for many young people , but this pleasurable diversion had a very serious side which went beyond romance . 
For westerners this may seem odd : in karate , you will see people in starched white uniforms fighting each other and letting out the odd blood-curdling scream . 
Perhaps the most frightening of all the symptoms of stress and anxiety that a person may experience is the panic attack . 
The names of Robert Graves , W.H. Auden , and Christopher Isherwood may serve to remind us of English writers who seem to have reached the same dismaying conclusion over the years since . 
One work may be despondent and melancholy , whilst the other could be uplifting and joyous . 
Of course , the historian may find irritating gaps even in this abundance . 
These fees are modest , but a person shown to be appealing in a frivolous or vexatious manner may have the costs of the appeal hearing awarded against him . 
This provision may be used to prevent a vexatious litigant from making repeated applications for contact which have little chance of success . 
He or she may choose to accept the load of small and troublesome issues and there may be no one else to take over certain tasks . 
It can be cut to the size you require -- careful though : cutting it just a little too small may still allow that troublesome fish to wriggle through . 
The patient may find these activities both boring and frustrating , especially if you are constantly trying to make him concentrate on them as educational tasks . 
I heard on the television yesterday that thirty-five people had been sacked from the interior ministry so that may be an encouraging sign . 
` The post of centre manager was advertised on May 20 and we have already had an encouraging response , " he said . 
` It may prove distressing for you , Miss Postlethwaite , " said Owen . 
An article in the Oxford Times of 18 May 1976 describes an encounter between a householder and a group of rather tiresome young people who had chosen his street frontage as a meeting place . 
It points out that peasants and pastoralists may seem tiresome and contrary , but this is an interpretation of political-economic relations which envelops the perceiver too . 
However , the August fishing became so appalling that my companion and I decided to try a week in May . 
While there may be a coherent plot , events do not unfold in any steady progression -- rather , there are sudden changes in plot , or scene shifts , which are sometimes baffling . 
Certain cities cast a bewitching spell on people -- no matter how fond you may be of country life or seaside resorts , Italy 's cities are just the type to enchant . 
This kind of reading may be the relaxing reading before going to sleep . 
In the anxious and eventful late 1980s and 1990s , they may come to represent , like All Creatures Great and Small in Britain , a less confusing past with simpler , deeper values . 
But it may now be said that , so far from being a depressing conclusion , this states precisely the practical importance of conventionalism for adjudication . 
You may find it difficult and depressing to envisage the future with this uncertainty , especially if you have , for example , made plans for your mutual life right up to retirement stage . 
This may be disturbing for the client who should be forewarned . 
Governments have an ambivalent attitude towards defectors because although they recognise their information is of value , even though it may prove highly embarrassing , they dislike having to deal with traitors . 
Mishearing can cause misunderstandings which may be embarrassing or even funny but certainly not reassuring . 
Sometimes it can be slightly embarrassing to be successful at something , and if you are beginning to turn the occasional head now that you are slimmer you may come in for some negative comments from your rivals . 
It is important to realize that this state of affairs is only temporary and that sex may become even more exciting and rewarding once the menopause has passed . 
That may not sound like the most exciting plot you have ever heard but every MP in the Commons seemed to think it was better than Indiana Jones , The Terminator and Alien rolled into one . 
It 's anyone 's guess what may happen in the future , but for now Hong Kong bristles with energy and ambition , and for the visitor , this beautiful city with its contrasts and variety is an exhilarating experience .
THE couples at the centre of the heartbreaking baby mix-up may become godparents to one another 's children . 
For many of you , giving a talk may be a nerve-wracking experience and yet you talk to people quite naturally every day of your life . 
Often they result from particularly stressful circumstances but they may simply be a moment of carelessness . 
This may be a very nice judgment to make in a stressful situation . 
Expectation may or may not be realistic and marriage nowadays , if it is to last , demands a great deal of mutual trust and confidence in sometimes very stressful conditions . 
` Police officers may also be working in stressful conditions and stress plays a part in back pain , " she said . 
There is no evidence that stress causes addiction as such although a stressful life event may trigger latent addictive disease . 
They may have exchanged one stressful situation for another . 
Hearing loss can cause painful misunderstandings and can be extremely exasperating ; tempers may become frayed , and stressful tension may be allowed to mount . 
A number of factors may then precipitate a psychotic episode , including emotionally arousing events and a stressful environment . 
The 68-metre former oceanographic vessel was accorded a rousing welcome as it arrived in the northern Taiwan port of Keelung on May 13 to take on provisions and broadcasting equipment . 
The truth may not be what you want to hear , but I do n't find this situation funny any longer -- " 
A text well within a reader 's competence may not invite reading because it is dull , predictable , and appears to have no relevance . 
Your spirits may be a little duller and your wits a little brighter to-morrow , " said Isambard tolerantly , and left him to his uneasy solitude . 
The young office worker in a safe sedentary job may well take up rock-climbing as a dangerous , physically exacting antidote for the dull occupational part of his life . 
Similarly , it may be intriguing to learn that on-line columns of silica-immobilised algal cells can eliminate problems such as overlapping peaks in anodic stripping voltammetry of trace metals . 
In this way , Nagata found an intriguing connection between programmed cell death , auto-immune and hereditary disease that may lead to a deeper understanding of these diseases in humans . 
Whereas the other forms of offensive conduct may be by words or conduct , ` disorderly behaviour " is specified to be capable of commission by behaviour only . 
The chairman may seem brash , even offensive to some , but he 's turned the club on its head . 
Although this may seem a very tedious way to go about things , it is the only sure method of success . 
` He may be the world 's most tedious teacher and its driest personality , but he has one admirable quality : he is totally honest . 
At first glance this may seem a tedious and unnecessary task , for any nurse aspiring to teach others ought to be sufficiently proficient at nursing not to require this kind of reminder . 
This may prove tedious to those used to alternative leisure pursuits . 
This combination of speed and close attention may have a lot to do with the narrative thrust and atmospheric coherence and intensity that make this the most gripping of his novels . 
A news sequence made at the time of the invasion of Suez in 1956 may present gripping pictures , but is likely to say what the audience of the day wants to hear . 
Directed by Val May , this archly absorbing escapade also features Deborah Watling ( Emma Kent ) , and Rowland Davies as the police inspector with an eye for apprehension . 
Personally , I find them less absorbing than the book that contrives to tell only one story , with as many ramifications as may be . 
This engrossing spectacle fascinates the predator who may eventually devour the tail , although it has little nutritional value . 
If he has a tiring morning session , for instance , he may need a rest period in his chair or in bed after lunch . 
Progress is inevitably slower and more tiring and a bulky pack may make difficult terrain even more demanding , sometimes dangerously so . 
You may say he has an intimidating record . 
For someone who is having regression therapy to uncover a traumatic event earlier in this present lifetime , a single session may well suffice . 
Women with bulimia may have begun to develop the condition as a method of coping with earlier traumatic events . 
Many traumatic events may be overcome without lasting damage if , for instance , the child has a continuous , warm , secure relationship with one parent or parent-substitute . 
This issue must not be overlooked , but it should be pursued gently since self-destructive behaviour may result from the arousal of traumatic memories . 
A poignant or shrewd quotation may consolidate or embellish your final remarks . 
Sincere though the ideals of Lenin and his allies may have been , Marxism served as a mystifying ideology , masking even from themselves the real ambitions of the intelligentsia . 
` The thing about you , Helen , if I may say so , is that you are so refreshingly detached from all that one finds disagreeable about contemporary life . " 
Another figure may be responsible for drawing us out , eliciting all kinds of pained and disagreeable reactions . 
` In the Cheltenham spa grounds there are two lines of paths so that the visitor may take very agreeable strolls , mostly very much sheltered by lofty forest trees . 
It 's too hot and humid during the summer , and all the labs close down after May , although it would be nice to have two apartments , one here and one there in the winter . 
However distasteful it may be to some people , this does at least provide a rational explanation for the behaviour of those bystanders , even if it does not excuse them . 
None the less an examination of the special reasons why the Plowden proposition is accepted as a truism in general but treated as an abominable heresy in particular may be worthwhile . 
At first you may well have to put the puppy on its leash and keep it close to you if it is not to be an annoyance when visitors call . 
The two stars , Juliet Stevenson and Bill Paterson , were taken aback when the audience began muttering during their harrowing portrayals of a torture victim confronting the man who may have been her tormentor . 
This may account for a cool reserve , almost aloofness , that some read even into the architecture of the tall houses in the straight and narrow streets behind the port .
John Piper may have been a foolish man in many ways but he was always friendly and generous to all classes of people . 
Your tutor may be generous to a fault but can not reward irrelevance or peripheral knowledge display . 
May we be generous with our friendship and learn to be forgiving . 
Sattareh 's father may have been autocratic , infuriatingly stingy and over 60 at the time of her birth , but he was also unusually enlightened . 
Thus adult people may be dominantly oral types , taking everything to them ( engulfers ) or gift-givers or miserly people of the anal type . 
In May 1998 , the London Daily Telegraph reported that `` Iran has concluded a secret deal with China to purchase banned chemicals that will enable it to become self-sufficient in producing large stockpiles of advanced nerve gas . ''
Although the U.S. government believes that the BW agent stockpiles have been destroyed , activities that contravene the BWC may continue at a few military biological facilities in Russia .
Although the majority of the CW stockpile in the North may not be of the more sophisticated and lethal nerve agent variety , it may contain a large quantity of casualty agents such as mustard , phosgene , and Lewisite , all compounds that are relatively easy to manufacture .
This use may become authoritarian and overpowering for subordinates . 
With regard to crimes that are known about , the police and courts may be more lenient with female offenders . 
To set too high a standard tends to discourage a student unduly ; too lenient a standard , particularly if accompanied by few comments , may give a student a false idea of his/her examination prospects . 
And the translations are so incredibly liberal , there may as well be no original text at all . 
Although partners and grandmothers in Bolivia may have an influence on feeding decisions because of their emotional importance to the mothers , it is unlikely that they will exert much effect through the transmission of facts .
Auditors may use approaches drawn from the field of program evaluation to try to isolate the effects of the program from these other influences .
In Picardy the Flemish influence is unmistakable , and although Alsace may celebrate Bastille Day at least as proudly as any other French province , its cuisine , wines , and dialect all reveal a profoundly Germanic influence .
The dominance of Coke , for example , in the cola wars may date to the influence of Gen .
To entice a man in cold blood with the object of murdering him is another , whatever danger you may fear from him .
Potential candidates may be discouraged from running less by the congressional salary than by the prospect of defeat at the hands of a Democratic opponent .
They also offered a few words of comfort to those who may have been encouraged by the church to believe their lifestyles were sinful : ` We can assure lesbians and gays of heaven . 
For example , a management accountant may submit reports about a line manager 's performance to the production director or the managing director .
Iran agreed to an IAEA inspection schedule and to a mid - May 2004 deadline for the submission of complete details regarding its nuclear program and goals .
A party brought in or who has a notice served under these procedures may make an offer of contribution and file a copy with the court .
A report may be filed instead of an affidavit by the official receiver or trustee ( r 7.9 ) .
In May 1998 , the London Daily Telegraph reported that `` Iran has concluded a secret deal with China to purchase banned chemicals that will enable it to become self-sufficient in producing large stockpiles of advanced nerve gas . ''
In May 1998 , the London Daily Telegraph reported that `` Iran has concluded a secret deal with China to purchase banned chemicals that will enable it to become self-sufficient in producing large stockpiles of advanced nerve gas . ''
Westinghouse Anniston , its subcontractors and the Anniston Chemical Agent Disposal Facility have more than 8.7 million safe work hours , 2,214 safe work days and a recordable injury rate of 0.49 per 200,000 hours worked as of the end of May .
Reports speculate Iran may be developing centrifuge facilities to enrich uranium at sites such as Moallem Kalayah and Karaj ; however , those providing the reports left during the reign of former Shah Reza Pahlavi .
Iran may have approached Pakistan for help in enriching uranium it purchased from South Africa in the late 1980s .
Iran may be seeking enriched uranium from Tajikistan .
It may supply uranium enrichment technology as well , although Iran says this would be used to produce low - enriched uranium only .
For example , they may purchase raw or milled uranium ore from abroad , and then use indigenous facilities to enrich it to weapons - grade material .
Compared to plutonium - production facilities , the type of HEU production facilities that the DPRK may be developing would be difficult to detect , and therefore , it is difficult to accurately assess the program 's stage of development .
Three of the meteorites were found on rocky terrain where they may have fallen directly or been deposited by melted ice . 
As a ` failure " he/she may then become less capable of succeeding in subsequent tasks .
Another salesman may communicate imperfectly but succeed in making a sale because one of the triggers used was sufficient to motivate the purchase .
On May 29 Gabonese troops , using extended powers under the state of emergency , succeeded in regaining control of Port Gentil .
If only one household appeals this may not carry much weight , but if several of us do , and give similar grounds for the appeal , then we stand a better chance of succeeding .
Successful applicants may be eligible for assistance with travel and removal expenses .
On the other hand , if your lecturer is apparently unsuccessful at the job of transmitting his knowledge and enthusiasm to you , it may be you , the student , who is at fault .
If any of these claims succeeds , an expert may not only lose
The availability of extensive genome sequence data and advances in structure determination over recent years allow the successful application of comparative genomics , sequence and structure comparisons to identify any such folds that may be somewhat less widely represented than the OB or SH3-like folds .
The U.S. economy may be on the verge of falling back into recession after more than a year of half-hearted recovery that failed to generate either jobs or hope , according to economists .
The U.S. economy may be on the verge of falling back into recession after more than a year of half-hearted recovery that failed to generate either jobs or hope , according to economists .
The U.S. economy may be on the verge of falling back into recession after more than a year of half-hearted recovery that failed to generate either jobs or hope , according to economists .
Until Mr Kempton died in May 1989 , the inspector made a number of unsuccessful efforts to arrange to interview Mr Kempton and his wife .
The success rate may also have been high because hypnosis was offered to patients who were likely to benefit , such as those with anxiety or those for whom medical therapy was not helpful .
Essential information conveyed in this way may be denied completely to blind students , or if converted to simple raised lines may become confused and meaningless . 
Suffice it here to remind the teacher that areas which are well and appropriately lit in the morning may be dark or over-bright in the afternoon and vice versa . 
Since the accent in this study lies on 1922 , a report in The Times for 6 January may suffice as an eye-witness account of conditions in Saratov and Samara gubernii . 
In these cases , analysis may have to suffice , or feminists may have to be content with informal , guerilla-style resistance . 
On a practical level , however , this may prove difficult as France does not have sufficient numbers of teachers qualified to teach this subject . 
However , where there are small numbers of members of a particular Anonymous Fellowships it may be difficult to obtain sufficient numbers to get the maximum benefit from the group process . 
Mere negligence on the part of the employer may be sufficient to defeat confidence . 
If the reward is unattractive or insufficient then the individual may not perform at all . 
Such children are the ones who have considerable problems with distance vision , and indeed their sight may not be adequate for the use of print as their means of literacy . 
The validity of the promise may be accepted : the insufficiency of the performance is open to criticism . 
If you 're planning to cut or remove structural timbers , your calculations may also have to be submitted to prove their structural adequacy . 
Within this frame of mind exhortations from well-intentioned others to ` tell me what 's wrong " or ` to seek some help " may be heard as another confirmation of one 's own inadequacy . 
Does he agree that events this week have shown that there may be inadequacies in the funding of Opposition parties ? 
These problems add a further complication to the way in which speech recognition systems are designed , since training with isolated words may be inadequate for the recognition of connected speech . 
Flickering candles may look romantic but can be infuriatingly inadequate for speechreading . 
The May suicide bombings in Casablanca , Morocco , are seen as a model of the network 's emerging strategy .
Certain CW facilities also carried out research on the suitability of using illegal drugs such as methaqualone ( `` Quaaludes '' ) , MDMA ( `` Ecstasy '' ) , LSD , marijuana extract ( tetrahydrocannibol ) , and cocaine as incapacitating `` calmatives , '' but some of these illegal drugs may have ended up being sold for a profit .
If he follows the correct path , he may be able to look back on this election as the high-water mark of far-left opposition .
The Panel accepts that the provisions of the City Code may not be appropriate to all such private companies and will , therefore , apply the City Code with a degree of flexibility in suitable cases .
Diagnosis may facilitate communication among professionals in obtaining an appropriate placement for a child .
Bower and Ackerman 's findings may be summarized in the form of figure 7.1 , which shows that most investment proposals of any scale or significance are identified at the level of the product line or department .
A diagram may be used to summarise a lecture , or group of lectures , or to outline a plan .
Finally , the person speaking for the Council will sum up their reasons ; and you , or the person speaking for you , may sum up your reasons .
Iran is thought to possess a zero - power facility provided by the PRC , and China reportedly supplied small calutrons in about 1987 ; however , one report states that the PRC may not have delivered the calutrons .
It may supply uranium enrichment technology as well , although Iran says this would be used to produce low - enriched uranium only .
If you fail to provide a specimen you may be liable to prosecution .
`` North Korea may think that if they put pressure on the United States , we ( South Korea ) would only provide money for foreign-made reactors .
A simple economic theory may provide at least a partial explanation for the split personality displayed by Americans in the voting booth .
Fifth , the theory may provide at least a partial reason for why ticket splitting has been particularly pronounced in the South .
The PRC is reportedly providing Iranian nuclear experts with know-how and design information , some of which may be related to fissile material production and weapons development ( 6930 ) .
Iran is thought to possess a zero - power facility provided by the PRC , and China reportedly supplied small calutrons in about 1987 ; however , one report states that the PRC may not have delivered the calutrons .
The PRC is reportedly providing Iranian nuclear experts with know-how and design information , some of which may be related to fissile material production and weapons development ( 6930 ) .
Reports speculate Iran may be developing centrifuge facilities to enrich uranium at sites such as Moallem Kalayah and Karaj ; however , those providing the reports left during the reign of former Shah Reza Pahlavi .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
During the 1990s , the unavailability of precursors required to manufacture some nerve agents may very well have challenged the DPRK logistical supply network .
China is replacing its older DF-5 missiles with new DF -5A variants , which may eventually be equipped with multiple warheads .
A termite fortress , walled , buttressed and castellated , may contain ten tons of mud and stand three or four times as tall as a man .
The US Seniors ' Tour may outstrip the USPGA Tour in terms of waistlines and average age , but no-one expected its leading money winner to also claim higher earnings . 
At this rate 1989 volume should comfortably surpass 1986's record figure of $179bn , and may yet reach the magic $200bn . 
Of species dispersed by birds and primates , the latter may sometimes surpass the birds in spreading seeds . 
May Day in Moscow might outdo Easter in Seville . " 
By the time it closed in May , it had been somewhat eclipsed by the proliferation of other , independent media voices .
These fugitives , more than 30,000 in number , formally surrendered to 1st Guards Brigade under 6 Armoured Division on 12 May .
By May 1943 , the remaining German and Italian forces surrendered at Tunis , to the merged Allied forces .
On May 31 , in the southern mountains of Colombia , 130 members of the Quintín Lame group surrendered their weapons to the authorities .
In the final assault on May 9 , police blew a hole in a wall surrounding the guerrilla-controlled area .
Some groups may survive the winter , once the old people have died off .
It `` may well be '' that theft of business data is `` as serious a strategic threat to national security '' as it is a threat to the survival of victimized U.S. firms , said Michelle Van Cleave , the White House 's assistant director for National Security Affairs .
Anxiety may be replaced by loss and intolerable grief , but at least it does not in itself last for ever -- not even in hell , where there is no hope .
There are significant genetic and behaviourial differences between wild and farmed salmon , and the Trust fears that the farmed variety may replace the native fish .
27, 2001 ) ; and Senior Executive Service : Retirement Trends Underscore the Importance of Succession Planning , GAO / GGD-00-113BR ( Washington, D.C. : May 12, 2000 ) .
It is more likely that by mid May contemporaries had recovered from any anxieties prompted by the seizure of the prince and were prepared to accept Gloucester 's protectorship at face value .
Any plans they may have had , however , were forestalled by Gloucester 's seizure of the prince at Stony Stratford .
The U. S. military said that , based on the number of fighters killed or captured by American troops , more foreign fighters crossed into Iraq in May than the previous month .
The call to battle reached Wesam Delaema in Amersfoort , a medieval Dutch town where he was captured in May in a raid that turned up homemade propaganda videotapes of a remarkable odyssey .
But footage of a bloodied Kadafi being manhandled and taunted after his capture has raised suspicions that he may have been summarily executed .
About 7,000 Philippine soldiers have been deployed to Basilan in a major offensive , but the 800-strong Abu Sayyaf has eluded capture for months after starting a wave of kidnappings last May .
I pledge by God 's creed to become a Muslim soldier to support God 's religion , and may God 's word be the most supreme .
Although this alliance may not last for long , both sides have an interest in sticking together while negotiations continue .
If he follows the correct path , he may be able to look back on this election as the high-water mark of far-left opposition .
` No matter what the Tories may do , the Labour group are fully supportive of the Festival .
Drug testing opponents may also take comfort from the surprising dissent by arch-conservative Justice Antonin Scalia .
Meanwhile , it was reported on May 30 that the majlis had re-elected as its Speaker Ayatollah Mehdi Karrubi , a vocal opponent of closer relations with the United States .
Potential candidates may be discouraged from running less by the congressional salary than by the prospect of defeat at the hands of a Democratic opponent .
Its supporters may be nervous about attending its rallies , and the movement itself is divided .
Authorities say the investigation into how it started may take up to three days to finish .
In fact , a supplier that attempts to provide rapid replenishment without any other innovations may end up performing poorly from the perspective of its retail customers .
'' But sources tell Time that Julie Hiatt Steele , once a close friend of Willey 's , signed an affidavit last Friday , at the request of Clinton 's lawyers , suggesting that the encounter may have been more innocent than Willey claims and that Willey asked her to lie about it . ''
We do n't even have to be told what the bill is anymore ; we may not know all the details , but we know -- and the pictures tell us -- that it 's designed to keep guns out of the hands of criminals and unstable loners .
Decades of educational research tell us unequivocally that even smaller classes have zero effect on the academic performance of the pupils -- though they may sometimes be desirable for other reasons .
Its state is transitioned from CREATED to OUTSTANDING and all users who may be affected by the SPR are informed , via the Mail System , of its existence . 
Thus an industrial salesperson may be able to advise his customers on improving productivity or cutting costs . 
He will advise you on the inheritance tax your estate might incur and ways in which this may be reduced . 
` Steer clear of Strait Steet , " he advised wryly , turning away , ` otherwise you may be wrong . 
For example , where a residential property has been purchased for investment purposes the bank/organisation may wish to notify its interest to the insurer . 
If you intend to discontinue storage you must notify your intention in writing to this office , in accordance with the conditions of your existing licence , in order that the necessary safety measures may be seen to . 
Mr Stacey was notified in February 1984 that he would be made redundant the following May . 
The CPO affirmed that all major planning applications for Howdendyke had been advertised in the local press , and that ` even neighbour notification may have taken place . " 
As the numbers of socially deprived people , immigrants , and people with AIDS increase , and tuberculosis notifications no longer decline , who can dismiss the risks we may face in Britain in future ? 
The series of nuclear tests in 1995 - 96 prior to China 's signature of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty ( CTBT ) may have resulted in a smaller and lighter warhead design for the new generation of intercontinental ballistic missiles ( ICBMs ) now under development .
China ratified the Chemical Weapons Convention ( CWC ) in December 1996 , declaring two former chemical weapons ( CW ) production facilities that may have produced mustard gas and Lewisite .
Cheung Chau becomes the center of Hong Kong life once a year , usually in May , during the Bun Festival , a folklore extravaganza ( see page 89 ) .
On 15 May 1905 , the railroad held a land sale -- a momentous step in Las Vegas history .
However , on sunny Saturdays and Sundays you may have to brave a crowd lining up at the lower terminal .
A half - hour tour costs HK$50 ; pay at the end , or the driver may cut your trip short .
`` Says Mr. Baldwin , `` We recognize that we may no longer have as high a priority in church life and experience .
Chek Lap Kok airport sits on reclaimed land just off Lantau ; plans to build a bridge may change Lantau , but at present it is sparsely populated and makes a perfect getaway .
Cheung Chau becomes the center of Hong Kong life once a year , usually in May , during the Bun Festival , a folklore extravaganza ( see page 89 ) .
And it was on one of those nights late in May that Sam , Jackie and Rose made their assault on the great house .
Iran may have approached Pakistan for help in enriching uranium it purchased from South Africa in the late 1980s .
During the sweep months ( February , late April -early May , and November ) , network execs pack their prime time lineups with the shows they are convinced will reap the highest ratings of the year .
Drizzle rather than heavy rain generally falls from late May to late June , when the spring flowers burst forth , but temperatures are brisk .
North Korea has not conducted a nuclear test , but in early May 2005 , press reports indicated that U.S. satellite imagery had detected signs that North Korea could be preparing for a nuclear test to be conducted in June .
Many analysts now believe the talks are dead , and in early May 2005 there were reports that Washington and Tokyo were preparing to refer the issue to the UN Security Council .
Iran agreed to an IAEA inspection schedule and to a mid - May 2004 deadline for the submission of complete details regarding its nuclear program and goals .
Westinghouse Anniston , its subcontractors and the Anniston Chemical Agent Disposal Facility have more than 8.7 million safe work hours , 2,214 safe work days and a recordable injury rate of 0.49 per 200,000 hours worked as of the end of May .
A half - hour tour costs HK$50 ; pay at the end , or the driver may cut your trip short .
At the outset of the planning process , the forecasts which are taken into account may have been subjected to bias .
At the outset it may prove useful , if only to discover differences rather than similarities , to contrast Great-Russian nationalism with French .
Some may find it inconvenient to take the time off work to be screened .
Stay 1 week and receive an extra week free on room only basis for arrivals between 1 May-31 October .
One short hospital stay may cause minimal difficulties in adjustment to a child returning to a happy home life .
Almost any sizable stretch of water , inland or coastal , may attract an Osprey , but spring birds rarely make prolonged stays .
In April , while on a protracted stay with Janet 's parents in Walsall , she complains of his extremely hard work , and in early May she first states that he is working for Oxford entrance .
Others realise that it will be difficult to extend their stay overseas without becoming an illegal immigrant , an added burden they may not wish to take on .
The renaissance city of Florence may be combined with a stay in Forte dei Marmi or Elba .
Some definitions of terrorism go beyond sub - state actors to include repressive governments that may carry out acts of `` state terrorism '' against their own citizens .
For the purposes of this tutorial , however , the term `` terrorism '' will be used to describe acts that incorporate the following elements : Intentional or threatened violence directed against civilians or noncombatants ; Actors that are sub - national groups or individuals ( although they may receive financial or logistical support from governments ) ; Motivations that are chiefly political , ideological , or religious ( i.e. , not strictly criminal ) ; Often , some element of symbolism in the choice of target , together with the desire to elicit fear in a larger audience beyond the immediate victims of an attack .
This has led to concern by environmental groups that some may fall into the hands of terrorists or governments keen to develop nuclear weapons , during shipment to Japan .
Terrorists may seek to obtain greater status or bargaining power by demonstrating that they have the technological capabilities required to develop , produce , and deliver CBW agents .
The psychology or ideology of a particular terrorist group or individual may lead to a fascination with poisons and disease .
Yet although small terrorist cells may be more motivated to use CBW and harder for counterterrorism authorities to interdict , they may lack the technical and financial resources needed to produce and deliver CBW agents .
Some may be surprised that Hooton writes so fluently on scally culture ; they should search out old issues of his fanzine The End . 
“ May the Lord bless you and keep you … ” and he reeled off the whole benediction , still clinging to my hand . 
May Sinclair also wrote various pieces of literary criticism on both nineteenth- and twentieth-century authors , a Brontë biography ( The Three Brontës , 1912 ) , and a few unpublished dramas . 
Modern science ignores this at its peril , and Xorandor may be read as a fable for scientists and would-be scientists , written in their own idiom , warning them of the consequences of cutting their project off from its conceptual genealogy , its own founding story . 
We may take it that the letter came out of this strange household and was an invitation to Garcia to carry out some attempt which had already been planned .
A recent monograph of Jacob Epstein 's memorial sculpture to the naturalist W. H. Hudson at Hyde Park Corner may be used as an example . 
The potential reader of a monograph on a minor artist may not find a book easily , but there are plenty of publications on Leonardo , Rembrandt or Picasso . 
That Jennens had some talent as a poet may be judged from ` Parthenissa 's Answer to the Pocket-Book 's Soliloquy " , a poem in Leapor 's second volume which can now be attributed to her . 
The Irish saga will be out in hardback in May . 
The sonnets of Astrophil and Stella that follow may be the result of taking the muses ' advice or ignoring the advice . 
Left Pan Macmillan presented author Peter Mayle with a Gold Pan to mark the sale of 1 million copies of the paperback of A Year in Provence . 
Commuters read paperbacks as they sit in trains , but find that they may need to rest from this activity more frequently than when they are reading in a comfortable and well-lit place at home . 
It may be a valuable reference book on established practice , but what does the indefensible pedestrian accident rate in Britain have to say about the validity of that ? 
May your every dream come true , sir , and your book sell fabulously .
Daniel Dennett , in his fine book Darwin 's Dangerous Idea , advances a hierarchy of forms of `` knowing , '' if I may use that term , that have arisen in evolution by Darwinian means .
An account written by someone participating in some event or controversy may give a far more partial view than the carefully researched , balanced interpretation of a later historian who has sifted and weighed up all available evidence . 
The Ranter Jacob Bauthumley begins his tract on The Light and Dark side of God acknowledging ` the most unto whose hand it [ i.e. the tract ] may come can not read it " . 
Iran is thought to possess a zero - power facility provided by the PRC , and China reportedly supplied small calutrons in about 1987 ; however , one report states that the PRC may not have delivered the calutrons .
Reports speculate Iran may be developing centrifuge facilities to enrich uranium at sites such as Moallem Kalayah and Karaj ; however , those providing the reports left during the reign of former Shah Reza Pahlavi .
North Korea has not conducted a nuclear test , but in early May 2005 , press reports indicated that U.S. satellite imagery had detected signs that North Korea could be preparing for a nuclear test to be conducted in June .
Mollie would send me a regular bulletin of her progress and since May 1986 she had reduced her weight from 12 stone 9 pounds to 10 stone 3 pounds ( a loss of 2 stone 6 pounds ) . 
District health authorities may also produce their own regular bulletins prior to using the classifieds . 
` But we are working on the idea of a monthly publication , probably starting in May , to act as a kind of bulletin to keep supporters in touch with what is happening , " he said . 
It was intended as a staff information bulletin , and it may be that electronic mail will reduce the requirement for it . 
An editorial error resulted in the wrong reference being given at the end of the first sentence of the second paragraph of this editorial by Tom Keighlty and Jan Maycock ( 28 November 1992 , p 1310 ) . 
As suggested in his recent editorial by Ken Ellis of FlyPast , the huge amount of public support which has surface this year for the Vulcan and which had Parliament not been in recess would almost certainly have led to ` questions in the House " , may lead to a revision of the Official View in matters of aviation preservation . 
May I suggest you take your finger off the button , calm down , and review the history of Vancouver 's 10 year experiment doing just such a thing .
More relevant measurements for these factors include the proportional change in the number of publications and the total number of publications when corrected for investment in research and development ( May 1997 ) .
The total number of publications , however , is not necessarily the best measure for assessing scientific productivity or technical advances ( May 1997 ) .
If this is the case , then you may wish to compose a number of standard letters which can be sent as a matter of routine . 
Individual judges may give more or less weight to the fact that it is the government rather than Parliament which drafts legislation and decides what it shall contain . 
I 've already drafted a letter informing him that it may be some time before Miss Brown 's estate is settled . 
I attach a proposal drafted somewhat off the top of my head , which you may like to use to open discussions with the Navarra Ministry . 
Newspaper reporters do this all the time and what is often these days called ` investigative journalism " may use teams of interviewers who together write up full-page reports on chosen topics . 
At some police stations , when a suspect is in custody , his name may be written down on different pieces of paper on sixteen separate occasions . 
Please print it on a thin paper ; may God reward you .
Such a list may quite simply be typed out on sheets of paper and duplicated so that additions and changes may be made until the list has to be retyped for clarity 's sake . 
If your answer is just print out nicely justified text with the spelling checked then you may be in for a surprise . 
A thief may therefore steal from several people : the owner , the possessor , and the person in physical control . 
Fear of the idea 's theft , lack of time , or lack of incentives may also be deterrents to the idea originator . 
Firms may be unaware of theft by their employees , and shops will not be aware of particular instances of shoplifting . 
Or , with a continuing conviction that others will never meet their needs , they may have to get what they want by stealth or theft ; they learn that only self can look after self . 
It `` may well be '' that theft of business data is `` as serious a strategic threat to national security '' as it is a threat to the survival of victimized U.S. firms , said Michelle Van Cleave , the White House 's assistant director for National Security Affairs .
You do have some control over the costs in the form of wage bills so you may require information about that area , and your daily cash takings and some idea of stock turnover to control for pilferage of goods or cash . 
Martin Suazo , suspected of shoplifting jeans from a downtown boutique , was shot while apprehended in May .
She quotes three surveys from the USA and Ireland which recorded similar rates of observed shoplifting in male and female shopp ers ( Mayhew , 1977 ) . 
The lesser charges centred on the unlicensed pistol and stolen car came up for trial on 11th May . 
Bernard Tapie was reappointed on Dec. 24 as Minister for Towns , a post from which he was dismissed in May 1992 after being charged with misappropriation of funds and false accounting [ see p. 38928 ] . 
It was suggested , but never proved , that the deceased gentleman may have had valuables in the house , and that their abstraction was the motive of the crime .
The employer 's plans to export the invention may be thwarted by a volatile exchange rate or the unexpected imposition of heavy import tariffs in target markets .
I believe that she may be the focal point through which the Ancient Adversary will try to thwart the designs of the Dark Ones . "
On May 6 the government announced that the security forces had made 28 arrests in foiling plans by the Islamic Jihad group to bomb police stations in Cairo and Jizah .
PLANS to make a sequel to the charming Mystic Pizza may be foiled by the fact that , since making the original , Julia Robers ' asking price has leapt to $2 million
Police believe a man walking his dog may have foiled a bank raid .
I have not named the place where he is to be found , since I do not know it , and a week hence it may be very far from where he bides today .
You may remember that HRBMOA is also talking about purchasing the lease of the river when it comes up for bid some time hence .
The U.S. economy may be on the verge of falling back into recession after more than a year of half-hearted recovery that failed to generate either jobs or hope , according to economists .
The U.S. economy may be on the verge of falling back into recession after more than a year of half-hearted recovery that failed to generate either jobs or hope , according to economists .
The U.S. economy may be on the verge of falling back into recession after more than a year of half-hearted recovery that failed to generate either jobs or hope , according to economists .
Canadian companies exported $33.7 billion worth of goods , up 2.7% from January 's revised level , the largest monthly rate of growth since May 2000 .
China ratified the Chemical Weapons Convention ( CWC ) in December 1996 , declaring two former chemical weapons ( CW ) production facilities that may have produced mustard gas and Lewisite .
China is replacing its older DF-5 missiles with new DF -5A variants , which may eventually be equipped with multiple warheads .
" Fear Factor , " which began last summer , is part of NBC 's fall schedule , and " Dog Eat Dog " may come back as a replacement series later in the new season .
I have a busy schedule for the next few days , so I may not be in touch .
When an architectural competition was announced for the New York Public Library on May 21, 1897 , Dr . John Shaw Billings , the library 's executive director , was determined that in his building , design would not triumph over function .
Predation will be discussed in detail in Chapter 2 , and the modifications by which predators may be identified will be described in Chapter 3 . 
Articles in magazines are less certainly described as criticism , for their main topics may be personalities or history , and art may be only a small part of the writers ' account . 
Papers subsequently published by such researchers may show no obvious Scottish connection in their titles , but it can not be assumed that the work is unrelated to their thesis topic . 
Money is liable to be the main topic of conversation or bone of contention this month , so make the most of a reassuring planetary set-up in early May to reach a settlement . 
To increase your interest in the subjects of your course may be difficult ; some of them are pretty dull , and textbook writers often make them duller . 
( Many different early blueprints may play into this and compound the fear of the opposite sex , but we are not elaborating on this , as homosexuality is not the subject of this book . ) 
Iran agreed to an IAEA inspection schedule and to a mid - May 2004 deadline for the submission of complete details regarding its nuclear program and goals .
These are issues which future studies may seek to address . 
There are things about irony which it may not be possible to say ironically ; so an ironic essay on irony will fail to address such issues . 
The key theme in this study is the suggestion that for any given sequence of changes in technology , the speed at which change takes place may influence the ultimate market structure . 
We may not know how to read or write the letters and symbols in Japanese , Chinese , Arabian , or other languages , but we do not have to when we refer to living things , because the generic name and specific name , in Latin , are the same all over the world .
Thomas may have talked about porn films , asked Hill out on patently unwelcome dates , bragged about his sexual prowess , and referred to pubic hairs on Coke cans , but Hill says that Thomas never flashed his genitals , touched her sexually , or propositioned her explicitly .
A half - hour tour costs HK$50 ; pay at the end , or the driver may cut your trip short .
There are many package tours to Guangzhou from Hong Kong ( see page 113 ) , and this may be the easiest way to visit the city .
Once aluminium passes into the water system it is toxic to fish , and may find its way into human drinking systems .
Residents are concerned that toxic waste may be dumped .
If the compounds are toxic , though , the off-gases may have to be collected and treated , probably by passing them through a granular activated carbon absorber .
The psychology or ideology of a particular terrorist group or individual may lead to a fascination with poisons and disease .
Some groups may have a particular fascination with plagues and poisons .
Equally , members of the European Parliament will welcome Bonn 's decision to extend its role , which may encourage demands for an even greater transfer of powers from national parliaments to Strasbourg .
It may be that there is some delay after completion , which makes it impossible for the buyer 's conveyancers to lodge their transfer within the period of priority .
The Course Committee may arrange , in appropriate cases , for transfer between this course and other related degree and diploma courses in the Faculty .
If there is any suggestion of misfeasance here concerned with the transfer of the assets of AB Ltd to XY Ltd , then s 212 of the Insolvency Act 1986 may apply .
Following the transfer of responsibility for social rehabilitation of discharged patients in 1993 from the NHS to local authorities , greater emphasis may be given to developing work schemes .
- Any unit designated under this section shall not transfer or bank allowances producedas a result of reduced utilization or shutdown , except that , such allowances may be transferred or carried forward for use in subsequent years to the extent that the reduced utilization or shutdown results
Colin Wilson , however , may have been justified in remarking years later that he has never been angry about anything and Kingsley Amis has grown angry by growing conservative and old .
Key data sources for DPRK include defector testimony , which may be unreliable given possibility of deliberate disinformation by double agents and defectors exaggerating what they know , and unclassified estimates by US intelligence agencies , which may have certain biases based on national interest , worst - case expectations , domestic politics , etc. Also , most estimates do not rely on original texts in Korean , which may introduce some errors due to translation issues .
Fifteen guys start the patrol on foot , slogging through muddy fields along the road , looking for anyone who may be hiding nearby with a radio device or cell phone to detonate a bomb .
He gave up his job with Exeter social services department in May to travel with girlfriend Claire Soper before their planned wedding next September . 
The next day Oliver travelled with Mr Brownlow , Dr Losberne , Mrs Maylie and Rose back to his birthplace . 
Astronomers may travel into the depths of space and time , but on their return they must still convince their colleagues of the truth of what they saw . 
The waterfall may be visited by hiring a boat and boatman ( enquire at Kylesku Hotel ) for a three-mile voyage to the far end of this loch , whence a short walk brings it into view . 
Thinking that the heart of the mystery might be found on the Brocken in the Harz mountains , he journeyed there in May 1799 . 
Others may have shorter journeys but they are still in danger of being classed as ` those people from the Centre " . 
Excursions : Amongst the most popular coach excursions available from Mayrhofen is the one to Hintertux , at the head of the Ziller Valley . 
The rail excursion , popularized by Thomas Cook during the nineteenth century , continued into the twentieth : jaunty boaters adorn Londoners bound for the seaside , Waterloo station , May 1912 . 
They may also have cricket 's champion talker in fast bowler Brent ` Bomber " Smith who commutes from Stockton and looks like a 39-year-old Clark Gable . 
Members of St Clare 's church , Newton Aycliffe , are planning a pilgrimage to Walsingham in May . 
It may also involve a physical pilgrimage along ancient sacred paths , or wandering a wild area until one finds a good place for ` sitting out " . 
Members of St Clare 's church , Newton Aycliffe , are planning a pilgrimage to Walsingham in May . 
Thus it may well be that the numerous nobles of Aquitaine who went on pilgrimage in the summer of 1179 did so as a penance imposed by the church . 
Also popular is the trip to Krimml and Mayrhofen , and our beautifully scenic tour round the Kitzbuhel Alps . 
In May 1991 the prince visited Prague , a city which survived the Second World War unscathed , during an East European trip with the Princess of Wales . 
Meanwhile , the ferry 's full summer timetable begins on May 31 when the MV Brightlingsea will run five trips between Harwich and Felixstowe . 
First prize will be a trip to the World Conference on Human Rights in Vienna in May next year as a guest of Amnesty International and the British Government . 
A half - hour tour costs HK$50 ; pay at the end , or the driver may cut your trip short .
Chek Lap Kok airport sits on reclaimed land just off Lantau ; plans to build a bridge may change Lantau , but at present it is sparsely populated and makes a perfect getaway .
The steep east bank may be descended , with care , for a more comprehensive view . 
Crossings took the traditional form ( Figure 6.11 ) : there is no doubt here as to whom the road is for , or that walkers may only cross when permitted to do so by car drivers . 
` You may cross now 
Boyner , 39 , has been crisscrossing the country since May to seek support for his party .
On 15 May 1782 the Weston brothers stood trial at the Old Bailey for the Great Mail Robbery , England 's most famous and costly crime .
In Haditha , the Marines were hunting for an insurgent who may have just triggered a roadside bomb that killed one Marine and injured two .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
In Cairo , Egypt 's constitutional court considers whether civilians may be tried before military courts .
There may be a hundred crimes in the background , but it is only on this one that they can be tried . "
Trekking maps sold in Nepal may prove useful .
The knighthood for Colonel David Stirling , founder of the SAS , who helped to try and set up a strike-breaking organisation called GB75 in the 1970s , may prove controversial .
Ordinary treatment may generally include the type of less intrusive , less expensive care we call preventive treatment . 
Your midwife or GP will be able to tell you about the types of care available which may include : a hospital maternity unit , a GP maternity unit , or a home birth . 
Compared to plutonium - production facilities , the type of HEU production facilities that the DPRK may be developing would be difficult to detect , and therefore , it is difficult to accurately assess the program 's stage of development .
In certain circumstances the offence extends to defamation of the dead , and may even be brought where the attack has been published about a class of persons rather than an individual .
These proteins collectively may define a new class of transcription regulators that act , at least in part , through the recognition of structural rather than sequence specific domains .
This may say something of social class , intellectual outlook or opportunity .
The lining may contain two kinds of differently shaped cells , the rods and the cones . 
They may even be able to revolutionise some kinds of businesses by providing new kinds of selling tools . 
At the same time multimedia may well make other sorts of products and services obsolete . 
John Madge made a useful distinction between various sorts of people who may be the subject for the sociologist 's interview . 
Ewes ' milk cheese is generally hard , while goats ' milk varieties may be processed in many ways . 
The company discourages staff from wearing earrings , however , either a solid stud or small sleeper variety with no stones or attachments may be worn , and only one in each ear . 
If parents and governors are now to be involved , this may make sex education even more complicated as teachers try to accommodate a variety of differing moral views on what should be taught . 
Mayflies and several varieties of caddis disappear from acid streams , and the freshwater shrimp becomes scarce in soft water or below pH 5.7 . 
Although the majority of the CW stockpile in the North may not be of the more sophisticated and lethal nerve agent variety , it may contain a large quantity of casualty agents such as mustard , phosgene , and Lewisite , all compounds that are relatively easy to manufacture .
Yet more than 3,000 strains of bacteria have already been isolated , and may potentially contain useful new compounds . 
Recently another strain of TCR- α mutant mice has been reported but no T cells with α -less TCR were observed ; the reason for this discrepancy is not clear , although these cells may have been overlooked . 
In a letter to The Lancet Teas suggests that the AIDS virus may be a modified strain of the virus that causes African swine fever ( vol i. p 923 ) . 
Hip dysplasia is most commonly associated with large breeds , and puppies at just five months old may suffer pain from this condition . 
Specific motoring magazines , for example , may cover general motoring , motor racing , particular brands of cars , motoring holidays , car mechanics , second-hand cars and many more subjects . 
One , IndyGo in April adopted a much-needed policy that all young people under the age of 19 may ride on their buses at half the normal fare all year long .
The finding that A. pisum embryos maintained at 16°C showed considerable malformation may be a consequence of surpassing the normal thermal limits of developmental regulation .
These effects may counteract the profibrotic effects seen with TXA 2 and it is possible that an alteration of a `` normal '' physiologic balance between PGI 2 and TXA 2 could increase tendency towards fibrogenesis .
Elucidating the mechanisms at play during readthrough may help understand normal translation termination .
If probe response factors can be calculated , the `` bad '' but `` stable '' probes can be scaled , and the distribution may be expected to be closer to normal , therefore expression levels and their uncertainties can be calculated in a more statistically sound manner .
The discrepancy between our findings and findings of nuclear localization of TTP may be due to several factors [ 20 21 22 24 25 ] . First , most of those studies did not measure endogenous TTP but usually relied on transfection of cell lines , perhaps resulting in mislocalization due to the presence of an epitope tag or overexpression [ 20 21 22 24 25 ] . Second , by definition , those cells were largely cycling and thus were not representative of normal hematopoietic cells .
Acoustic players may well be delighted to know that RotoSound have developed their 80 / 20 Bronze strings as an alternative to the more commonplace phosphor bronze type .
Mr Venables had been ` harassed " ever since his purported sacking on May 14 .
The law of nullity covers not only cases where the purported marriage was void , but also those where the marriage , though initially valid , is voidable , and thus may be set aside .
Another famous one is where someone may come to you with a problem ostensibly to enlist your help in solving it .
A good example is where someone may question you about a situation ostensibly to become clearer about the facts .
Conversely , you may be entitled to disobey an instruction which management ostensibly has the power to give .
Iran is thought to possess a zero - power facility provided by the PRC , and China reportedly supplied small calutrons in about 1987 ; however , one report states that the PRC may not have delivered the calutrons .
The PRC is reportedly providing Iranian nuclear experts with know-how and design information , some of which may be related to fissile material production and weapons development ( 6930 ) .
More relevant measurements for these factors include the proportional change in the number of publications and the total number of publications when corrected for investment in research and development ( May 1997 ) .
Unemployment still is officially recorded at 16.5 % , the highest rate in Europe , although actual joblessness may be lower .
Unemployment still is officially recorded at 16.5 % , the highest rate in Europe , although actual joblessness may be lower .
The growth of private home-ownership and car-ownership , reduction in the number of voters dependent on council housing , expansion of self-employment ( up from 1.9 million to 3 million between 1979 and 1989 ) and of employment in the private sector , and a fall in the public-sector employment , may also work against the party .
On 14 May 1994 , Korean technicians began removing the spent fuel rods without the supervision of IAEA inspectors .
Blue whales are no longer hunted , but their numbers were depleted to such an extent in the past that present populations ( perhaps of only a few hundred individuals ) may be too small to recover .
If immediate chemical and method options are exhausted , without success , the soil attachment mechanism may give some clue .
The total number of publications , however , is not necessarily the best measure for assessing scientific productivity or technical advances ( May 1997 ) .
Although a GOP president may limit local benefits to the voter 's particular district/state , such a president is also likely to be more effective at preventing other districts/states and their legislators from bringing home the local benefits .
Exercise that requires a limited sort of movement , such as walking or jogging , may be excellent for stamina but is not useful for suppleness . 
A Royal Ulster Constabulary spokesman said : ` Although he may have been coming to the end of his racing career , he was potentially valuable for stud purposes . "
Chek Lap Kok airport sits on reclaimed land just off Lantau ; plans to build a bridge may change Lantau , but at present it is sparsely populated and makes a perfect getaway .
This may reflect the fact that TNF-α therapies for IBD are aimed at efficiently clearing TNF-α , while IL -10 therapies must increase IL-10 and recombinant IL-10 is likely too rapidly cleared from the circulation after in vivo administration to provide a uniform protection [ 55 ] . On the other hand , IL -10 gene transfer technology has been used with some success in models of colitis , however its effectiveness is also variable .
It may supply uranium enrichment technology as well , although Iran says this would be used to produce low - enriched uranium only .
For example , they may purchase raw or milled uranium ore from abroad , and then use indigenous facilities to enrich it to weapons - grade material .
Certain CW facilities also carried out research on the suitability of using illegal drugs such as methaqualone ( `` Quaaludes '' ) , MDMA ( `` Ecstasy '' ) , LSD , marijuana extract ( tetrahydrocannibol ) , and cocaine as incapacitating `` calmatives , '' but some of these illegal drugs may have ended up being sold for a profit .
For the purposes of this tutorial , however , the term `` terrorism '' will be used to describe acts that incorporate the following elements : Intentional or threatened violence directed against civilians or noncombatants ; Actors that are sub - national groups or individuals ( although they may receive financial or logistical support from governments ) ; Motivations that are chiefly political , ideological , or religious ( i.e. , not strictly criminal ) ; Often , some element of symbolism in the choice of target , together with the desire to elicit fear in a larger audience beyond the immediate victims of an attack .
Yet although small terrorist cells may be more motivated to use CBW and harder for counterterrorism authorities to interdict , they may lack the technical and financial resources needed to produce and deliver CBW agents .
Daniel Dennett , in his fine book Darwin 's Dangerous Idea , advances a hierarchy of forms of `` knowing , '' if I may use that term , that have arisen in evolution by Darwinian means .
Differential equations-based kinetic modeling is an alternative means of capturing the rich dynamics of signaling networks [ 28 29 ] . As time-resolved data sets become available and feedback loops are delineated , it may be necessary to use these methods to understand system dynamics and control [ 30 ] . However , the authors agree with Genoud et .
It is prohibited to employ methods or means of warfare which are intended , or may be expected , to cause widespread , long-term and severe damage to the natural environment .
I think that I have seen all that I wish in this house , and that my time may be more profitably employed elsewhere .
In some languages you may be able to utilize material from grammar books for these lists .
When Courtney Love denied Broomfield the rights to Cobain 's music and tried to get his movie quashed , she may not have been acting as the poster-girl for the ACLU that the organization perhaps naively tried to turn her into , but she was exercising her constitutionally - guaranteed right to protect her reputation against the worst form of libel there is .
Non - overlapping endpoints Although the benefits associated with each individual health endpoint may be analyzed separately , care must be exercised in selecting health endpoints to include in the overall benefits analysis because of the possibility of double counting of benefits .
FBI officials find what they believe may be explosives in the car . 
I have been asked to draw your attention to the non-arrival of the Scorton to Garstang bus on Thursday 9th May and on Thursday 16th May . 
They may encourage young people to acquire a life-time habit of using buses and not bother with cars . 
` May I phone for a taxi to the hotel ?
What Philby did not guess was that , having warned Maclean for him , Burgess would join him on the night ferry to St Malo en route to Moscow , on 25 May 1951 .
The boats may appear deceptively primitive , but many of them have their own electric generators and all the modern conveniences .
These fundamental values should not be jettisoned simply because marriage is a factor in the case , as indeed the Court of Appeal affirmed when holding that a husband may be convicted of kidnapping his wife . 
Thirdly , the image of rape portrayed is misleading and may encourage mistaken beliefs by judges and juries , so that they do not convict in cases which fall outside this narrow stereotype . 
A UN arbitration panel ruled on May 8 that France had committed " substantial violations " of a 1986 UN accord by repatriating two French agents convicted in New Zealand of sabotage and manslaughter . 
A number of people convicted under Article 100 were subsequently released from prison , including Huang Hwa , Taiwan 's most prominent dissident , on May 18 . 
The Supreme Court on May 4 took a further step in the ongoing process of restricting the rights of prisoners convicted by state judicial systems to have their cases reviewed in federal courts . 
He was acquitted on May 25 , 1990 , largely because of contradictory statements by witnesses .
All four of the white Los Angeles police officers , whose acquittal in the Rodney King beating case sparked several days of rioting in the city in late April and early May [ see p. 38894 ] , were indicted by a grand jury on Aug. 4 on federal charges of violating King 's civil rights . 
However , the tumult in Cornwall caused by his imprisonment may well have been sufficient to secure the acquittal and release of Trelawney and the other six bishops . 
I write to confirm the arrangements made by phone on Friday 14th May .
An announcement in May confirming the selection of Glasgow removed earlier uncertainty , although final confirmation has to wait for a further consultation period until the end of June .
I am waiting to hear back from Patti on May and June to make sure they are okay with her .
I am waiting to hear back from Patti on May and June to make sure they are okay with her .
Unlike some countries , where a person may be declared clinically dead when the brain stops functioning , Indian doctors are only allowed to certify death when the heart has stopped beating .
In the wake of a pair of airline crashes in Russia last week that investigators say may have been caused by Chechen suicide bombers , residents are bracing for possible violence at the polls today .
It 's anyone 's guess what may happen in the future , but for now Hong Kong bristles with energy and ambition , and for the visitor , this beautiful city with its contrasts and variety is an exhilarating experience .
Visitors are welcome to visit the 24 - hectare ( 60 - acre ) establishment , and may sample the end product , Lantau tea .
There are many package tours to Guangzhou from Hong Kong ( see page 113 ) , and this may be the easiest way to visit the city .
Visitors are welcome to visit the 24 - hectare ( 60 - acre ) establishment , and may sample the end product , Lantau tea .
Possibly monastic writers may have been slightly less chauvinist in outlook ; the St Albans chronicler at least is less effusive about Agincourt , although he too notes the triumphant reception which the King received on his return ( 16 , p.111 ; 22 , p.70 ; 39 , pp.xviii , 98-9 ) . 
Harry may be reticent about praising his son -- but Barnsley boss Mel Machin certainly is n't . 
Not all men are defensive or get upset if you raise this subject ; keeping silent about your concerns may put both your health and well-being at risk and wo n't help your relationship in the long term . 
This interpretation of the doctrine is silent on whether individual political action ( voting in elections etc. ) may rightly aim at the promotion of some conception of the good . 
However , with uncommunicative buyers this may be difficult . 
Any intuitions we may have about Anderson 's loquacity and the way in which it is affected by the events of the play are thus lent support by the results of tabulating the distribution of long turns . 
There may be considerable scepticism about Pascal 's case for always wagering on the outsider if the odds are high enough .
I am waiting to hear back from Patti on May and June to make sure they are okay with her .
I am waiting to hear back from Patti on May and June to make sure they are okay with her .
I am waiting to hear back from Patti on May and June to make sure they are okay with her .
If all you 're looking at is 1 or 2 content categories maybe it looks like they 're dead , but they may be flourishing elsewhere , and like a virus they 're just waiting for a new host to carry them to the mainstream .
` You may be sure , " said Jared Tunstall , ` that if ever I do go bankrupt I should certainly die of grief , or of mortification at such a turn . 
I may add that he is enormously rich , and whatever his whims may be he can very easily satisfy them .
This meant a redistribution of income in the rural sector from the wealthy to the permanent workers , though it may be the case that there was a widening differential in incomes between permanent and temporary workers . 
BusinessAge says that although the paper millionaires may be incredibly wealthy one day , their wealth fluctuates with the vagaries of the stock market and share dealings from day to day . 
In other words , even if you are reasonably well-off in Los Angeles , the cost of security in your apartment block may soon become prohibitive . 
Each model may be armed with either a Repeater Hand Gun or a Repeater Pistol . 
He 's due to be questioned by officers from the Thames Valley region and may be charged with kidnapping and possession of firearms . 
Police also find a second house where authorities believe two others may have assembled the bomb , possibly doing some welding . 
However , some analysts speculate that North Korean scientists were present during Pakistan 's nuclear tests in May 1998 , and that Pyongyang could have obtained a tested bomb design from Islamabad or from Pakistani scientists without government approval .
The series of nuclear tests in 1995 - 96 prior to China 's signature of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty ( CTBT ) may have resulted in a smaller and lighter warhead design for the new generation of intercontinental ballistic missiles ( ICBMs ) now under development .
China is replacing its older DF-5 missiles with new DF -5A variants , which may eventually be equipped with multiple warheads .
The PRC is reportedly providing Iranian nuclear experts with know-how and design information , some of which may be related to fissile material production and weapons development ( 6930 ) .
The PRC is reportedly providing Iranian nuclear experts with know-how and design information , some of which may be related to fissile material production and weapons development ( 6930 ) .
For example , they may purchase raw or milled uranium ore from abroad , and then use indigenous facilities to enrich it to weapons - grade material .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
There are indications , however , that certain personnel who were intimately involved in the program , including Basson , may have provided technical knowledge , equipment , or materials to `` rogue regimes '' such as Libya , to foreign intelligence personnel , to unscrupulous black marketers trafficking in dangerous weapons , and perhaps also -- if certain journalists can be believed -- to elements of a shadowy international network of right - wing extremists .
That was about half the time it may have taken to produce a weapon under a parallel program to convert Iraq 's own natural uranium into weapons-grade material .
China is replacing its older DF-5 missiles with new DF -5A variants , which may eventually be equipped with multiple warheads .
Still , the U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency ( DIA ) estimated in May 1979 that North Korea had only a defensive capability in CW , while noting that its development of offensive chemical weapons would have been the next logical step .
China ratified the Chemical Weapons Convention ( CWC ) in December 1996 , declaring two former chemical weapons ( CW ) production facilities that may have produced mustard gas and Lewisite .
The series of nuclear tests in 1995 - 96 prior to China 's signature of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty ( CTBT ) may have resulted in a smaller and lighter warhead design for the new generation of intercontinental ballistic missiles ( ICBMs ) now under development .
The Central Intelligence Agency estimates Iran may be just five years from developing a nuclear weapon .
In addition to feeling threatened by Iraq 's growing nuclear program , these attacks may explain why the Khomeini government ultimately resumed its efforts to continue Iran 's nuclear power program and strengthen its existing nuclear research program -- and ultimately to develop nuclear weapons .
Brazilian Brigadier General Hugo Piva may be working in Iran , and US reports say Iran may receive nuclear weapons technology from Brazil ( PPNN ) .
These items may have nuclear weapons applications ( 6577 ) .
Iran may have received other nuclear - related assistance and material from Argentina ( 6883 , 6897 ) .
The program appeared to begin as a peaceful one , but whatever Kim 's original intentions , the Cuban Missile Crisis may have prompted initiation of a dedicated nuclear weapons program .
China ratified the Chemical Weapons Convention ( CWC ) in December 1996 , declaring two former chemical weapons ( CW ) production facilities that may have produced mustard gas and Lewisite .
Although the majority of the CW stockpile in the North may not be of the more sophisticated and lethal nerve agent variety , it may contain a large quantity of casualty agents such as mustard , phosgene , and Lewisite , all compounds that are relatively easy to manufacture .
China ratified the Chemical Weapons Convention ( CWC ) in December 1996 , declaring two former chemical weapons ( CW ) production facilities that may have produced mustard gas and Lewisite .
The United States imposed sanctions in May , citing Syria 's pursuit of WMD programs as one of the reasons for this step .
FBI officials find what they believe may be explosives in the car . 
North Korea has not conducted a nuclear test , but in early May 2005 , press reports indicated that U.S. satellite imagery had detected signs that North Korea could be preparing for a nuclear test to be conducted in June .
However , some analysts speculate that North Korean scientists were present during Pakistan 's nuclear tests in May 1998 , and that Pyongyang could have obtained a tested bomb design from Islamabad or from Pakistani scientists without government approval .
The series of nuclear tests in 1995 - 96 prior to China 's signature of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty ( CTBT ) may have resulted in a smaller and lighter warhead design for the new generation of intercontinental ballistic missiles ( ICBMs ) now under development .
The Red Sox started wearing numbers on their backs in 1931 , and first retired numbers May 29, 1984 , when they honored Williams and Cronin .
Now most followers wear black coats and scarlet may be worn by permission of the masters . 
You may wear my livery . 
If you had lifted the dresses of the Krishnapur ladies on that morning of the last assault , you would have found them correspondingly bare-legged , for it was they who had donated their stockings to help solve Harry 's difficulty with his brass cannon Because , incredible though it may seem , he had fired so many round shot in the course of the siege that the muzzle had been hammered into an ellipse . 
THE violent thunder storms which interrupted the recent fine weather , brought problems to the Welsh highland Railway on the night of Thursday May 28 . 
The severe storms that have affected Britain in the last few years may be linked with sea-surface temperatures which have been fractionally higher than the long-term average . 
They may be interested to learn that snowstorms in the Alps have been known to throw a spanner in the clockwork of everyday life too . 
It may be a case for argument that people are less willing to accept patronising notions from people in superior positions .
The media , for example , are very loath to consider that sex crime may be related to men 's and women 's position in society .
The decision to withdraw from the NPT may well be part of that .
The dispute over Hungary 's withdrawal from the project , in alleged contravention of the 1977 bilateral treaty providing for its construction , may go to the International Court of Justice in The Hague .
He pulled out in mid-May .
You may not even think there is a problem at all since the words " greatest " and " largest " are synonymous in the English language . 
Two words which collocate ( may occur together ) in your own language may not collocate in the target language . 
But as we saw in Chapters 5 and 6 there may be very many extraneous word strings which are homophonous with the correct words , and which extend some if not all of the way through the utterance . 
This is due to many factors , one of the more obvious of which is that the cumulative physical demands of manual work may well affect the worker 's health .
While this work generally does not involve assessing specific ongoing programs , it may use data from relevant audit work for comparative or baseline purposes .
Mobbs started work on the project in January 1971 ; in May 1972 the proposal was sent to the CNAA ; it was approved after a one-day visit in November 1972 and the first intake arrived in the autumn of 1973 .
And as for James , you may be very sure he will always like going to Randalls , because of his daughter ' s being housemaid there .
I wish you may not catch cold ."
I made the match , you know , four years ago ; and to have it take place , and be proved in the right , when so many people said Mr . Weston would never marry again , may comfort me for any thing ."
You have drawn two pretty pictures ; but I think there may be a third -- a something between the do - nothing and the do - all .
" A straightforward , open - hearted man like Weston , and a rational , unaffected woman like Miss Taylor , may be safely left to manage their own concerns .
Some scruples and some reluctance the widower - father may be supposed to have felt ; but as they were overcome by other considerations , the child was given up to the care and the wealth of the Churchills , and he had only his own comfort to seek , and his own situation to improve as he could .
" That may be , and I may have seen him fifty times , but without having any idea of his name .
Whatever money he might come into when his father died , whatever his share of the family property , it is , I dare say , all afloat , all employed in his stock , and so forth ; and though , with diligence and good luck , he may be rich in time , it is next to impossible that he should have realised any thing yet ."
" I wish you may not get into a scrape , Harriet , whenever he does marry ;-- I mean , as to being acquainted with his wife -- for though his sisters , from a superior education , are not to be altogether objected to , it does not follow that he might marry any body at all fit for you to notice .
I want to see you permanently well connected , and to that end it will be advisable to have as few odd acquaintance as may be ; and , therefore , I say that if you should still be in this country when Mr . Martin marries , I wish you may not be drawn in by your intimacy with the sisters , to be acquainted with the wife , who will probably be some mere farmer ' s daughter , without education ."
" But there may be pretty good guessing .
" I do not know what your opinion may be , Mrs . Weston ," said Mr . Knightley , " of this great intimacy between Emma and Harriet Smith , but I think it a bad thing ."
Emma must do Harriet good : and by supplying her with a new object of interest , Harriet may be said to do Emma good .
The list she drew up when only fourteen -- I remember thinking it did her judgment so much credit , that I preserved it some time ; and I dare say she may have made out a very good list now .
Where Miss Taylor failed to stimulate , I may safely affirm that Harriet Smith will do nothing .-- You never could persuade her to read half so much as you wished .-- You know you could not ."
Weston may grow cross from the wantonness of comfort , or his son may plague him ."
I hope , with all my heart , the young man may be a Weston in merit , and a Churchill in fortune .-- But Harriet Smith -- I have not half done about Harriet Smith .
No , no ; she has qualities which may be trusted ; she will never lead any one really wrong ; she will make no lasting blunder ; where Emma errs once , she is in the right a hundred times ."
Pray excuse me ; but supposing any little inconvenience may be apprehended from the intimacy , it cannot be expected that Emma , accountable to nobody but her father , who perfectly approves the acquaintance , should put an end to it , so long as it is a source of pleasure to herself .
" You , sir , may say any thing ," cried Mr . Elton , " but I must confess that I regard it as a most happy thought , the placing of Miss Smith out of doors ; and the tree is touched with such inimitable spirit !
" I should say so , but that I suppose there may be a hundred different ways of being in love .
No doubt he is a sensible man , and I suppose may have a natural talent for -- thinks strongly and clearly -- and when he takes a pen in hand , his thoughts naturally find proper words .
" I do not think he is conceited either , in general ," said Harriet , her conscience opposing such censure ; " at least , he is very good natured , and I shall always feel much obliged to him , and have a great regard for -- but that is quite a different thing from -- and you know , though he may like me , it does not follow that I should -- and certainly I must confess that since my visiting here I have seen people -- and if one comes to compare them , person and manners , there is no comparison at all , _one_ is so very handsome and agreeable .
" I am glad you think so ; and the good hands , I hope , may not be wanting ."
I should be mortified indeed if I did not believe I had been of some use ; but it is not every body who will bestow praise where they may .
" Harriet may not consider every body tiresome that you would ."
Now , as we may fairly suppose , he would not allow much time to pass before he spoke to the lady , and as he does not appear to have spoken yesterday , it is not unlikely that he should be at Mrs . Goddard ' s to - day ; and she may be detained by a visitor , without thinking him at all a tiresome wretch ."
" Certainly ," replied he , surprized , " I do not absolutely know it ; but it may be inferred .
They would be estimated very differently by others as well as myself ; Mr . Martin may be the richest of the two , but he is undoubtedly her inferior as to rank in society .-- The sphere in which she moves is much above his .-- It would be a degradation ."
" As to the circumstances of her birth , though in a legal sense she may be called Nobody , it will not hold in common sense .
" Whoever might be her parents ," said Mr . Knightley , " whoever may have had the charge of her , it does not appear to have been any part of their plan to introduce her into what you would call good society .
Harriet may pick and chuse .
Miss Harriet Smith may not find offers of marriage flow in so fast , though she is a very pretty girl .
Men of sense , whatever you may chuse to say , do not want silly wives .
Let her marry Robert Martin , and she is safe , respectable , and happy for ever ; but if you encourage her to expect to marry greatly , and teach her to be satisfied with nothing less than a man of consequence and large fortune , she may be a parlour - boarder at Mrs . Goddard ' s all the rest of her life -- or , at least , ( for Harriet Smith is a girl who will marry somebody or other ,) till she grow desperate , and is glad to catch at the old writing - master ' s son ."
She must abide by the evil of having refused him , whatever it may be ; and as to the refusal itself , I will not pretend to say that I might not influence her a little ; but I assure you there was very little for me or for any body to do .
Elton may talk sentimentally , but he will act rationally .
" Being my friend ' s , I have no right to expose it in any degree to the public eye , but perhaps you may not dislike looking at it ."
Thy ready wit the word will soon supply , May its approval beam in that soft eye !
May its approval beam in that soft eye !
This is an attachment which a woman may well feel pride in creating .
" This is an alliance which , whoever -- whatever your friends may be , must be agreeable to them , provided at least they have common sense ; and we are not to be addressing our conduct to fools .
" My dear Harriet , you must not refine too much upon this charade .-- You will betray your feelings improperly , if you are too conscious and too quick , and appear to affix more meaning , or even quite all the meaning which may be affixed to it .
He may be sure of every woman ' s approbation while he writes with such gallantry ."
Their road to this detached cottage was down Vicarage Lane , a lane leading at right angles from the broad , though irregular , main street of the place ; and , as may be inferred , containing the blessed abode of Mr . Elton .
the proper sport of boys and girls , but a single woman , of good fortune , is always respectable , and may be as sensible and pleasant as any body else .
Those who can barely live , and who live perforce in a very small , and generally very inferior , society , may well be illiberal and cross .
How trifling they make every thing else appear !-- I feel now as if I could think of nothing but these poor creatures all the rest of the day ; and yet , who can say how soon it may all vanish from my mind ?"
Well , ( smiling ,) I hope it may be allowed that if compassion has produced exertion and relief to the sufferers , it has done all that is truly important .
Either in the morning or evening of every day , excepting one , have we seen either Mr . Weston or Mrs . Weston , and generally both , either at Randalls or here -- and as you may suppose , Isabella , most frequently here .
I , being a husband , and you not being a wife , the claims of the man may very likely strike us with equal force .
" I know there is such an idea with many people , but indeed it is quite a mistake , sir .-- We all had our health perfectly well there , never found the least inconvenience from the mud ; and Mr . Wingfield says it is entirely a mistake to suppose the place unhealthy ; and I am sure he may be depended on , for he thoroughly understands the nature of the air , and his own brother and family have been there repeatedly ."
Why does he make it any business of his , to wonder at what I do ?-- at my taking my family to one part of the coast or another ?-- I may be allowed , I hope , the use of my judgment as well as Mr .
That ' s a consideration indeed .-- But John , as to what I was telling you of my idea of moving the path to Langham , of turning it more to the right that it may not cut through the home meadows , I cannot conceive any difficulty .
" Such an imagination has crossed me , I own , Emma ; and if it never occurred to you before , you may as well take it into consideration now ."
If we were obliged to go out such an evening as this , by any call of duty or business , what a hardship we should deem it ;-- and here are we , probably with rather thinner clothing than usual , setting forward voluntarily , without excuse , in defiance of the voice of nature , which tells man , in every thing given to his view or his feelings , to stay at home himself , and keep all under shelter that he can ;-- here are we setting forward to spend five dull hours in another man ' s house , with nothing to say or to hear that was not said and heard yesterday , and may not be said and heard again to - morrow .
" Quite seasonable ; and extremely fortunate we may think ourselves that it did not begin yesterday , and prevent this day ' s party , which it might very possibly have done , for Mr . Woodhouse would hardly have ventured had there been much snow on the ground ; but now it is of no consequence .
I think you will agree with me , ( turning with a soft air to Emma ,) I think I shall certainly have your approbation , though Mr . Knightley perhaps , from being used to the large parties of London , may not quite enter into our feelings ."
To you -- to my two daughters -- I may venture on the truth .
Even if this family , the Braithwaites , are put off , I am still afraid that some excuse may be found for disappointing us .
A young _woman_ , if she fall into bad hands , may be teazed , and kept at a distance from those she wants to be with ; but one cannot comprehend a young _man_ ' s being under such restraint , as not to be able to spend a week with his father , if he likes it ."
I have no doubt of his having , at times , considerable influence ; but it may be perfectly impossible for him to know beforehand _when_ it will be ."
" He may have a great deal of influence on some points ," continued Mrs . Weston , " and on others , very little : and among those , on which she is beyond his reach , it is but too likely , may be this very circumstance of his coming away from them to visit us ."
" I am not supposing him at all an unnatural creature , in suspecting that he may have learnt to be above his connexions , and to care very little for any thing but his own pleasure , from living with those who have always set him the example of it .
Nobody , who has not been in the interior of a family , can say what the difficulties of any individual of that family may be .
He may , at times , be able to do a great deal more than he can at others ."
He may have as strong a sense of what would be right , as you can have , without being so equal , under particular circumstances , to act up to it ."
I wish you would try to understand what an amiable young man may be likely to feel in directly opposing those , whom as child and boy he has been looking up to all his life ."
I dare say he has ; and though it may cut him off from some advantages , it will secure him many others ."
He may be very ` aimable ,' have very good manners , and be very agreeable ; but he can have no English delicacy towards the feelings of other people : nothing really amiable about him ."
To you , he will talk of farming ; to me , of drawing or music ; and so on to every body , having that general information on all subjects which will enable him to follow the lead , or take the lead , just as propriety may require , and to speak extremely well on each ; that is my idea of him ."
at three - and - twenty to be the king of his company -- the great man -- the practised politician , who is to read every body ' s character , and make every body ' s talents conduce to the display of his own superiority ; to be dispensing his flatteries around , that he may make all appear like fools compared with himself !
Jane often says , when she is here , ` I am sure , grandmama , you must have had very strong eyes to see as you do -- and so much fine work as you have done too !-- I only wish my eyes may last me as well .'"
So sudden !-- You may guess , dear Miss Woodhouse , what a flurry it has thrown me in !
We may well say that ` our lot is cast in a goodly heritage .'
And as it is some months since Miss Campbell married , the impression may be a little worn off ."
" It might be distressing , for the moment ," said she ; " but you seem to have behaved extremely well ; and it is over -- and may never -- can never , as a first meeting , occur again , and therefore you need not think about it ."
"' Tis twelve ; I shall not forget to think of you four hours hence ; and by this time to - morrow , perhaps , or a little later , I may be thinking of the possibility of their all calling here .
" As you are going farther on business , sir , I will take the opportunity of paying a visit , which must be paid some day or other , and therefore may as well be paid now .
Mr . Frank Churchill still declined it , looking as serious as he could , and his father gave his hearty support by calling out , " My good friend , this is quite unnecessary ; Frank knows a puddle of water when he sees it , and as to Mrs . Bates ' s , he may get there from the Crown in a hop , step , and jump ."
If it be not inconvenient to you , pray let us go in , that I may prove myself to belong to the place , to be a true citizen of Highbury .
Miss Fairfax must already have given her account .-- I shall not commit myself by claiming more than she may chuse to allow ."
But her account of every thing leaves so much to be guessed , she is so very reserved , so very unwilling to give the least information about any body , that I really think you may say what you like of your acquaintance with her ."
" May I , indeed ?-- Then I will speak the truth , and nothing suits me so well .
But if she continued to play whenever she was asked by Mr . Dixon , one may guess what one chuses ."
" Not till the reserve ceases towards oneself ; and then the attraction may be the greater .
" But you do not consider how it may appear to the Coles .
and it was but yesterday I was telling Mr . Cole , I really was ashamed to look at our new grand pianoforte in the drawing - room , while I do not know one note from another , and our little girls , who are but just beginning , perhaps may never make any thing of it ; and there is poor Jane Fairfax , who is mistress of music , has not any thing of the nature of an instrument , not even the pitifullest old spinet in the world , to amuse herself with .-- I was saying this to Mr . Cole but yesterday , and he quite agreed with me ; only he is so particularly fond of music that he could not help indulging himself in the purchase , hoping that some of our good neighbours might be so obliging occasionally to put it to a better use than we can ; and that really is the reason why the instrument was bought -- or else I am sure we ought to be ashamed of it .-- We are in great hopes that Miss Woodhouse may be prevailed with to try it this evening ."
" You may _say_ what you chuse -- but your countenance testifies that your _thoughts_ on this subject are very much like mine ."
I may not have convinced you perhaps , but I am perfectly convinced myself that Mr . Dixon is a principal in the business ."
" Perhaps you may now begin to regret that you spent one whole day , out of so few , in having your hair cut ."
You may guess how readily he came into my wishes ; and having his approbation , I made my way directly to Miss Bates , to assure her that the carriage would be at her service before it took us home ; for I thought it would be making her comfortable at once .
she was as grateful as possible , you may be sure .
and I had almost forgotten one idea that occurred to me -- this pianoforte that has been sent here by somebody -- though we have all been so well satisfied to consider it a present from the Campbells , may it not be from Mr . Knightley ?
" And while Mrs . Weston pays her visit , I may be allowed , I hope ," said Frank Churchill , " to join your party and wait for her at Hartfield -- if you are going home ."
But , perhaps -- I may be equally in the way here .
Then , if you please , you shall send it all to Mrs . Goddard ' s -- I do not know -- No , I think , Miss Woodhouse , I may just as well have it sent to Hartfield , and take it home with me at night .
However , the very same evening William Larkins came over with a large basket of apples , the same sort of apples , a bushel at least , and I was very much obliged , and went down and spoke to William Larkins and said every thing , as you may suppose .
Do you imagine Colonel Campbell knows the business to be going forward just at this time ?-- Do you imagine it to be the consequence of an immediate commission from him , or that he may have sent only a general direction , an order indefinite as to time , to depend upon contingencies and conveniences ?"
Mrs . Hodges may well be angry .
It may be possible to do without dancing entirely .
Ten couple may stand here very well ."
May I hope for the honour of your hand for the two first dances of this little projected ball , to be given , not at Randalls , but at the Crown Inn ?"
If Mr . and Mrs . Weston will be so obliging as to call here one morning , we may talk it over , and see what can be done ."
Miss Woodhouse , I hope nothing may happen to prevent the ball .
" Ah !--( shaking his head )-- the uncertainty of when I may be able to return !-- I shall try for it with a zeal !-- It will be the object of all my thoughts and cares !-- and if my uncle and aunt go to town this spring -- but I am afraid -- they did not stir last spring -- I am afraid it is a custom gone for ever ."
She is a woman that one may , that one _must_ laugh at ; but that one would not wish to slight .
He may spend the evening with his dear William Larkins now if he likes ."
Perhaps I may sometimes have felt that Harriet would not forget what was due -- or rather what would be kind by me ."
" We cannot suppose ," said Emma , smiling , " that Mr . Elton would hesitate to assure you of there being a _very_ musical society in Highbury ; and I hope you will not find he has outstepped the truth more than may be pardoned , in consideration of the motive ."
And the same may be said of Mrs . Jeffereys -- Clara Partridge , that was -- and of the two Milmans , now Mrs . Bird and Mrs . James Cooper ; and of more than I can enumerate .
A bride , you know , my dear , is always the first in company , let the others be who they may ."
but dear Miss Woodhouse , she is now in such retirement , such obscurity , so thrown away .-- Whatever advantages she may have enjoyed with the Campbells are so palpably at an end !
" My dear Miss Woodhouse , a vast deal may be done by those who dare to act .
My greatest danger , perhaps , in housekeeping , may be quite the other way , in doing too much , and being too careless of expense .
You may have done wrong with regard to Mr . Dixon , but this is a punishment beyond what you can have merited !-- The kindness and protection of Mrs .
Poor Miss Bates may very likely have committed her niece and hurried her into a greater appearance of intimacy than her own good sense would have dictated , in spite of the very natural wish of a little change ."
We cannot give any body the disagreeable hints that we may have been very full of the hour before .
And besides the operation of this , as a general principle , you may be sure that Miss Fairfax awes Mrs . Elton by her superiority both of mind and manner ; and that , face to face , Mrs . Elton treats her with all the respect which she has a claim to .
" Yes ," he replied , " any body may know how highly I think of her ."
" And yet ," said Emma , beginning hastily and with an arch look , but soon stopping -- it was better , however , to know the worst at once -- she hurried on --" And yet , perhaps , you may hardly be aware yourself how highly it is .
The extent of your admiration may take you by surprize some day or other ."
" Business , you know , may bring money , but friendship hardly ever does ."
As an old friend , you will allow me to hope , Miss Fairfax , that ten years hence you may have as many concentrated objects as I have ."
You may imagine how desirable !
" I must spend some time with them ; I am sure they will want it ;-- afterwards I may probably be glad to dispose of myself .
" Aye , _that_ may suit your humble ideas of yourself ;-- I know what a modest creature you are ; but it will not satisfy your friends to have you taking up with any thing that may offer , any inferior , commonplace situation , in a family not moving in a certain circle , or able to command the elegancies of life ."
" You may well class the delight , the honour , and the comfort of such a situation together ," said Jane , " they are pretty sure to be equal ; however , I am very serious in not wishing any thing to be attempted at present for me .
" And I am quite serious too , I assure you ," replied Mrs . Elton gaily , " in resolving to be always on the watch , and employing my friends to watch also , that nothing really unexceptionable may pass us ."
" Mrs . Churchill is not much in my good graces , as you may suspect -- but this is quite between ourselves .
Or , perhaps she may not have resources enough in herself to be qualified for a country life .
He will find an _addition_ to the society of Highbury when he comes again ; that is , if I may presume to call myself an addition .
But perhaps he may never have heard of there being such a creature in the world ."
It is just what I used to say to a certain gentleman in company in the days of courtship , when , because things did not go quite right , did not proceed with all the rapidity which suited his feelings , he was apt to be in despair , and exclaim that he was sure at this rate it would be _May_ before Hymen ' s saffron robe would be put on for us .
" You were mentioning May .
May is the very month which Mrs . Churchill is ordered , or has ordered herself , to spend in some warmer place than Enscombe -- in short , to spend in London ; so that we have the agreeable prospect of frequent visits from Frank the whole spring -- precisely the season of the year which one should have chosen for it : days almost at the longest ; weather genial and pleasant , always inviting one out , and never too hot for exercise .
This will be complete enjoyment ; and I do not know , Mrs . Elton , whether the uncertainty of our meetings , the sort of constant expectation there will be of his coming in to - day or to - morrow , and at any hour , may not be more friendly to happiness than having him actually in the house .
Mrs . Weston ' s partiality for him is very great , and , as you may suppose , most gratifying to me .
" Well , Emma , I do not believe I have any thing more to say about the boys ; but you have your sister ' s letter , and every thing is down at full length there we may be sure .
" I hope I am aware that they may be too noisy for your father -- or even may be some encumbrance to you , if your visiting engagements continue to increase as much as they have done lately ."
" Very well -- and as Randalls , I suppose , is not likely to have less influence than heretofore , it strikes me as a possible thing , Emma , that Henry and John may be sometimes in the way .
Emma heard that Frank wrote in the highest spirits of this arrangement , and seemed most fully to appreciate the blessing of having two months before him of such near neighbourhood to many dear friends -- for the house was taken for May and June .
May was better for every thing than February .
The whole party walked about , and looked , and praised again ; and then , having nothing else to do , formed a sort of half - circle round the fire , to observe in their various modes , till other subjects were started , that , though _May_ , a fire in the evening was still very pleasant .
You know I candidly told you I should form my own opinion ; and I am happy to say that I am extremely pleased with him .-- You may believe me .
You may be very sure I shall always take care of _them_ ."
He looked with smiling penetration ; and , on receiving no answer , added , " _She_ ought not to be angry with you , I suspect , whatever he may be .-- To that surmise , you say nothing , of course ; but confess , Emma , that you did want him to marry Harriet ."
I can see nothing at all extraordinary in him now .-- I do not care whether I meet him or not -- except that of the two I had rather not see him -- and indeed I would go any distance round to avoid him -- but I do not envy his wife in the least ; I neither admire her nor envy her , as I have done : she is very charming , I dare say , and all that , but I think her very ill - tempered and disagreeable -- I shall never forget her look the other night !-- However , I assure you , Miss Woodhouse , I wish her no evil .-- No , let them be ever so happy together , it will not give me another moment ' s pang : and to convince you that I have been speaking truth , I am now going to destroy -- what I ought to have destroyed long ago -- what I ought never to have kept -- I know that very well ( blushing as she spoke ).-- However , now I will destroy it all -- and it is my particular wish to do it in your presence , that you may see how rational I am grown .
I would not have you too sanguine ; though , however it may end , be assured your raising your thoughts to _him_ , is a mark of good taste which I shall always know how to value ."
" Pray , Emma ," said he , " may I ask in what lay the great amusement , the poignant sting of the last word given to you and Miss Fairfax ?
" That may be done without horses .
" You may depend upon me ," said she .
Married women , you know , may be safely authorised .
she cried , satisfied to have no one preferred to herself .--" You are a humourist , and may say what you like .
We are to walk about your gardens , and gather the strawberries ourselves , and sit under trees ;-- and whatever else you may like to provide , it is to be all out of doors -- a table spread in the shade , you know .
" Thank you , thank you -- but on no account .-- I would rather walk .-- And for _me_ to be afraid of walking alone !-- I , who may so soon have to guard others !"
" That may be -- but not by sketches in Swisserland .
" They may be induced to go too .
A warm climate may be prescribed for her .
I am serious , Miss Woodhouse , whatever your penetrating eyes may fancy -- I am sick of England -- and would leave it to - morrow , if I could ."
" But you may come again in the cool of to - morrow morning ."
Ladies and gentlemen -- I am ordered by Miss Woodhouse to say , that she waives her right of knowing exactly what you may all be thinking of , and only requires something very entertaining from each of you , in a general way .
ma ' am , but there may be a difficulty .
A hasty and imprudent attachment may arise -- but there is generally time to recover from it afterwards .
When one is in great pain , you know one cannot feel any blessing quite as it may deserve .
` Well ,' said she , ` it must be borne some time or other , and it may as well be now .'
" Where -- may I ask ?-- is Miss Fairfax going ?"
" Whenever the time may come , it must be unwelcome to her and all her friends -- but I hope her engagement will have every alleviation that is possible -- I mean , as to the character and manners of the family ."
It will do you good to speak of your distress , whatever it may be ."
" You may well be amazed ," returned Mrs . Weston , still averting her eyes , and talking on with eagerness , that Emma might have time to recover -- " You may well be amazed .
" That you may have less difficulty in believing this boast , of my present perfect indifference ," she continued , " I will farther tell you , that there was a period in the early part of our acquaintance , when I did like him , when I was very much disposed to be attached to him -- nay , was attached -- and how it came to cease , is perhaps the wonder .
You may believe me , Mrs . Weston .
" I have escaped ; and that I should escape , may be a matter of grateful wonder to you and myself .
It may bring many extenuations .
It may make many things intelligible and excusable which now are not to be understood .
I must love him ; and now that I am satisfied on one point , the one material point , I am sincerely anxious for its all turning out well , and ready to hope that it may .
What has it been but a system of hypocrisy and deceit ,-- espionage , and treachery ?-- To come among us with professions of openness and simplicity ; and such a league in secret to judge us all !-- Here have we been , the whole winter and spring , completely duped , fancying ourselves all on an equal footing of truth and honour , with two people in the midst of us who may have been carrying round , comparing and sitting in judgment on sentiments and words that were never meant for both to hear .-- They must take the consequence , if they have heard each other spoken of in a way not perfectly agreeable !"
His wife gave him a look which invited him in ; and , while he was coming round , added , " Now , dearest Emma , let me intreat you to say and look every thing that may set his heart at ease , and incline him to be satisfied with the match .
Let us make the best of it -- and , indeed , almost every thing may be fairly said in her favour .
and it may be a very fortunate circumstance for him , for Frank , I mean , that he should have attached himself to a girl of such steadiness of character and good judgment as I have always given her credit for -- and still am disposed to give her credit for , in spite of this one great deviation from the strict rule of right .
And how much may be said in her situation for even that error !"
" If a woman can ever be excused for thinking only of herself , it is in a situation like Jane Fairfax ' s .-- Of such , one may almost say , that ` the world is not their ' s , nor the world ' s law .'"
You may be very sure that if I had , I should have cautioned you accordingly ."
But I hope , Miss Woodhouse , that supposing -- that if -- strange as it may appear --.
But you know they were your own words , that _more_ wonderful things had happened , matches of _greater_ disparity had taken place than between Mr . Frank Churchill and me ; and , therefore , it seems as if such a thing even as this , may have occurred before -- and if I should be so fortunate , beyond expression , as to -- if Mr . Knightley should really -- if _he_ does not mind the disparity , I hope , dear Miss Woodhouse , you will not set yourself against it , and try to put difficulties in the way .
But now I seem to feel that I may deserve him ; and that if he does chuse me , it will not be any thing so very wonderful ."
The error has been all my own ; and I do assure you that , with all the excuse that present circumstances may appear to give , I shall yet dread making the story known to Colonel Campbell .'"
My blindness to what was going on , led me to act by them in a way that I must always be ashamed of , and I was very foolishly tempted to say and do many things which may well lay me open to unpleasant conjectures , but I have no other reason to regret that I was not in the secret earlier ."
" I have very little to say for my own conduct .-- I was tempted by his attentions , and allowed myself to appear pleased .-- An old story , probably -- a common case -- and no more than has happened to hundreds of my sex before ; and yet it may not be the more excusable in one who sets up as I do for Understanding .
" I have never had a high opinion of Frank Churchill .-- I can suppose , however , that I may have underrated him .
My acquaintance with him has been but trifling .-- And even if I have not underrated him hitherto , he may yet turn out well .-- With such a woman he has a chance .-- I have no motive for wishing him ill -- and for her sake , whose happiness will be involved in his good character and conduct , I shall certainly wish him well ."
Emma , I must tell you what you will not ask , though I may wish it unsaid the next moment ."
And , after proceeding a few steps , she added -- " I stopped you ungraciously , just now , Mr . Knightley , and , I am afraid , gave you pain .-- But if you have any wish to speak openly to me as a friend , or to ask my opinion of any thing that you may have in contemplation -- as a friend , indeed , you may command me .-- I will hear whatever you like .
Knightley .--" Emma , that I fear is a word -- No , I have no wish -- Stay , yes , why should I hesitate ?-- I have gone too far already for concealment .-- Emma , I accept your offer -- Extraordinary as it may seem , I accept it , and refer myself to you as a friend .-- Tell me , then , have I no chance of ever succeeding ?"
The manner , perhaps , may have as little to recommend them .
Seldom , very seldom , does complete truth belong to any human disclosure ; seldom can it happen that something is not a little disguised , or a little mistaken ; but where , as in this case , though the conduct is mistaken , the feelings are not , it may not be very material .-- Mr . Knightley could not impute to Emma a more relenting heart than she possessed , or a heart more disposed to accept of his .
I have already met with such success in two applications for pardon , that I may be in danger of thinking myself too sure of yours , and of those among your friends who have had any ground of offence .-- You must all endeavour to comprehend the exact nature of my situation when I first arrived at Randalls ; you must consider me as having a secret which was to be kept at all hazards .
From our relative situation , those attentions were her due , and were felt to be so .-- Whether Miss Woodhouse began really to understand me before the expiration of that fortnight , I cannot say ;-- when I called to take leave of her , I remember that I was within a moment of confessing the truth , and I then fancied she was not without suspicion ; but I have no doubt of her having since detected me , at least in some degree .-- She may not have surmised the whole , but her quickness must have penetrated a part .
I answered it within an hour ; but from the confusion of my mind , and the multiplicity of business falling on me at once , my answer , instead of being sent with all the many other letters of that day , was locked up in my writing - desk ; and I , trusting that I had written enough , though but a few lines , to satisfy her , remained without any uneasiness .-- I was rather disappointed that I did not hear from her again speedily ; but I made excuses for her , and was too busy , and -- may I add ?-- too cheerful in my views to be captious .-- We removed to Windsor ; and two days afterwards I received a parcel from her , my own letters all returned !-- and a few lines at the same time by the post , stating her extreme surprize at not having had the smallest reply to her last ; and adding , that as silence on such a point could not be misconstrued , and as it must be equally desirable to both to have every subordinate arrangement concluded as soon as possible , she now sent me , by a safe conveyance , all my letters , and requested , that if I could not directly command hers , so as to send them to Highbury within a week , I would forward them after that period to her at --: in short , the full direction to Mr . Smallridge ' s , near Bristol , stared me in the face .
I hope he may long continue to feel all the value of such a reconciliation .-- He is a very liberal thanker , with his thousands and tens of thousands .--` Happier than I deserve .'
He has had great faults , faults of inconsideration and thoughtlessness ; and I am very much of his opinion in thinking him likely to be happier than he deserves : but still as he is , beyond a doubt , really attached to Miss Fairfax , and will soon , it may be hoped , have the advantage of being constantly with her , I am very ready to believe his character will improve , and acquire from hers the steadiness and delicacy of principle that it wants .
My liveliness and your solidity would produce perfection .-- Not that I presume to insinuate , however , that _some_ people may not think _you_ perfection already .-- But hush !-- not a word , if you please ."
You knew I should not stir till my lord and master appeared .-- Here have I been sitting this hour , giving these young ladies a sample of true conjugal obedience -- for who can say , you know , how soon it may be wanted ?"
" How often , when you were a girl , have you said to me , with one of your saucy looks --` Mr . Knightley , I am going to do so - and - so ; papa says I may , or I have Miss Taylor ' s leave '-- something which , you knew , I did not approve .
I do not say when , but perhaps you may guess where ;-- in the building in which N . takes M . for better , for worse ."
I wish I may not sink into ` poor Emma ' with him at once .-- His tender compassion towards oppressed worth can go no farther ."
Only let me be told when I may speak out .-- I wonder whether Jane has any suspicion ."
Time , you may be sure , will make one or the other of us think differently ; and , in the meanwhile , we need not talk much on the subject ."
_Her_ connexions may be worse than _his_ .
Sometimes , indeed , I have thought you were half suspecting me of pleading poor Martin ' s cause , which was never the case ; but , from all my observations , I am convinced of her being an artless , amiable girl , with very good notions , very seriously good principles , and placing her happiness in the affections and utility of domestic life .-- Much of this , I have no doubt , she may thank you for ."
The joy , the gratitude , the exquisite delight of her sensations may be imagined .
When the Campbells are returned , we shall meet them in London , and continue there , I trust , till we may carry her northward .-- But now , I am at such a distance from her -- is not it hard , Miss Woodhouse ?-- Till this morning , we have not once met since the day of reconciliation .
He paused .-- She coloured and laughed .--" I know you saw my letter , and think you may remember my wish in your favour .
" If we can persuade your father to all this ," said Lady Russell , looking over her paper , " much may be done .
If he will adopt these regulations , in seven years he will be clear ; and I hope we may be able to convince him and Elizabeth , that Kellynch Hall has a respectability in itself which cannot be affected by these reductions ; and that the true dignity of Sir Walter Elliot will be very far from lessened in the eyes of sensible people , by acting like a man of principle .
Therefore , Sir Walter , what I would take leave to suggest is , that if in consequence of any rumours getting abroad of your intention ; which must be contemplated as a possible thing , because we know how difficult it is to keep the actions and designs of one part of the world from the notice and curiosity of the other ; consequence has its tax ; I , John Shepherd , might conceal any family - matters that I chose , for nobody would think it worth their while to observe me ; but Sir Walter Elliot has eyes upon him which it may be very difficult to elude ; and therefore , thus much I venture upon , that it will not greatly surprise me if , with all our caution , some rumour of the truth should get abroad ; in the supposition of which , as I was going to observe , since applications will unquestionably follow , I should think any from our wealthy naval commanders particularly worth attending to ; and beg leave to add , that two hours will bring me over at any time , to save you the trouble of replying ."
Mr Shepherd was completely empowered to act ; and no sooner had such an end been reached , than Anne , who had been a most attentive listener to the whole , left the room , to seek the comfort of cool air for her flushed cheeks ; and as she walked along a favourite grove , said , with a gentle sigh , " A few months more , and he , perhaps , may be walking here ."
He was not Mr Wentworth , the former curate of Monkford , however suspicious appearances may be , but a Captain Frederick Wentworth , his brother , who being made commander in consequence of the action off St Domingo , and not immediately employed , had come into Somersetshire , in the summer of 1806 ; and having no parent living , found a home for half a year at Monkford .
But poor Mrs Clay who , with all her merits , can never have been reckoned tolerably pretty , I really think poor Mrs Clay may be staying here in perfect safety .
" I think very differently ," answered Elizabeth , shortly ; " an agreeable manner may set off handsome features , but can never alter plain ones .
So , there was I , crowded into the back seat with Henrietta and Louise ; and I think it very likely that my illness to - day may be owing to it ."
However , we may as well go and sit with them a little while , and when we have that over , we can enjoy our walk ."
And on Mrs Musgrove ' s side , it was , " I make a rule of never interfering in any of my daughter - in - law ' s concerns , for I know it would not do ; but I shall tell you , Miss Anne , because you may be able to set things to rights , that I have no very good opinion of Mrs Charles ' s nursery - maid : I hear strange stories of her ; she is always upon the gad ; and from my own knowledge , I can declare , she is such a fine - dressing lady , that she is enough to ruin any servants she comes near .
Mrs Charles quite swears by her , I know ; but I just give you this hint , that you may be upon the watch ; because , if you see anything amiss , you need not be afraid of mentioning it ."
" Perhaps you may not have heard that he is married ?"
So we must be as merry as we can , that she may not be dwelling upon such gloomy things ."
How does he know that he is going on well , or that there may not be a sudden change half an hour hence ?
To be sure , I may just as well go as not , for I am of no use at home -- am I ?
I should not go , you may be sure , if I did not feel quite at ease about my dear child ."
with all her reasoning , she found , that to retentive feelings eight years may be little more than nothing .
Anybody between fifteen and thirty may have me for asking .
But they have a great many to provide for ; and among the thousands that may just as well go to the bottom as not , it is impossible for them to distinguish the very set who may be least missed ."
Mrs Musgrove was of a comfortable , substantial size , infinitely more fitted by nature to express good cheer and good humour , than tenderness and sentiment ; and while the agitations of Anne ' s slender form , and pensive face , may be considered as very completely screened , Captain Wentworth should be allowed some credit for the self - command with which he attended to her large fat sighings over the destiny of a son , whom alive nobody had cared for .
-- Women may be as comfortable on board , as in the best house in England .
When you come to a frigate , of course , you are more confined ; though any reasonable woman may be perfectly happy in one of them ; and I can safely say , that the happiest part of my life has been spent on board a ship .
I do not think any young woman has a right to make a choice that may be disagreeable and inconvenient to the principal part of her family , and be giving bad connections to those who have not been used to them .
" Charles may say what he pleases ," cried Mary to Anne , as soon as he was out of the room , " but it would be shocking to have Henrietta marry Charles Hayter ; a very bad thing for her , and still worse for me ; and therefore it is very much to be wished that Captain Wentworth may soon put him quite out of her head , and I have very little doubt that he has .
They meant to take a long drive this morning ; perhaps we may hail them from some of these hills .
would I be turned back from doing a thing that I had determined to do , and that I knew to be right , by the airs and interference of such a person , or of any person I may say ?
You are never sure of a good impression being durable ; everybody may sway it .
Charles and Henrietta returned , bringing , as may be conjectured , Charles Hayter with them .
The scenes in its neighbourhood , Charmouth , with its high grounds and extensive sweeps of country , and still more , its sweet , retired bay , backed by dark cliffs , where fragments of low rock among the sands , make it the happiest spot for watching the flow of the tide , for sitting in unwearied contemplation ; the woody varieties of the cheerful village of Up Lyme ; and , above all , Pinny , with its green chasms between romantic rocks , where the scattered forest trees and orchards of luxuriant growth , declare that many a generation must have passed away since the first partial falling of the cliff prepared the ground for such a state , where a scene so wonderful and so lovely is exhibited , as may more than equal any of the resembling scenes of the far - famed Isle of Wight : these places must be visited , and visited again , to make the worth of Lyme understood .
Do not you think it is quite a mistaken point of conscience , when a clergyman sacrifices his health for the sake of duties , which may be just as well performed by another person ?
" No ," said Anne , " that I can easily believe to be impossible ; but in time , perhaps -- we know what time does in every case of affliction , and you must remember , Captain Harville , that your friend may yet be called a young mourner -- only last summer , I understand ."
You may think , Miss Elliot , whether he is dear to us !"
By all their calculations there was just time for this ; but as they drew near the Cobb , there was such a general wish to walk along it once more , all were so inclined , and Louisa soon grew so determined , that the difference of a quarter of an hour , it was found , would be no difference at all ; so with all the kind leave - taking , and all the kind interchange of invitations and promises which may be imagined , they parted from Captain and Mrs Harville at their own door , and still accompanied by Captain Benwick , who seemed to cling to them to the last , proceeded to make the proper adieus to the Cobb .
That he did not regard it as a desperate case , that he did not say a few hours must end it , was at first felt , beyond the hope of most ; and the ecstasy of such a reprieve , the rejoicing , deep and silent , after a few fervent ejaculations of gratitude to Heaven had been offered , may be conceived .
One man ' s ways may be as good as another ' s , but we all like our own best .
The breakfast - room chimney smokes a little , I grant you , but it is only when the wind is due north and blows hard , which may not happen three times a winter .
" Though he had not nerves for coming away with us , and setting off again afterwards to pay a formal visit here , he will make his way over to Kellynch one day by himself , you may depend on it .
" Upon my word ," said she , " I should not have supposed that my opinion of any one could have admitted of such difference of conjecture , steady and matter of fact as I may call myself .
I wish he may be induced to call here .
And when he does , Mary , you may depend upon hearing my opinion ; but I am determined not to judge him beforehand ."
" The last time I saw her she had a red nose , but I hope that may not happen every day ."
You may depend upon it , that they will move in the first set in Bath this winter , and as rank is rank , your being known to be related to them will have its use in fixing your family ( our family let me say ) in that degree of consideration which we must all wish for ."
I suppose " ( smiling ) " I have more pride than any of you ; but I confess it does vex me , that we should be so solicitous to have the relationship acknowledged , which we may be very sure is a matter of perfect indifference to them ."
You talk of being proud ; I am called proud , I know , and I shall not wish to believe myself otherwise ; for our pride , if investigated , would have the same object , I have no doubt , though the kind may seem a little different .
We must feel that every addition to your father ' s society , among his equals or superiors , may be of use in diverting his thoughts from those who are beneath him ."
Women of that class have great opportunities , and if they are intelligent may be well worth listening to .
A sick chamber may often furnish the worth of volumes ."
" Yes ," said Mrs Smith more doubtingly , " sometimes it may , though I fear its lessons are not often in the elevated style you describe .
Here and there , human nature may be great in times of trial ; but generally speaking , it is its weakness and not its strength that appears in a sick chamber : it is selfishness and impatience rather than generosity and fortitude , that one hears of .
But surely you may put off this old lady till to - morrow : she is not so near her end , I presume , but that she may hope to see another day .
It may not be felt in Bath , with your nice pavements ; but in the country it is of some consequence .
Elizabeth , may we venture to present him and his wife in Laura Place ?"
It did seem , last autumn , as if there were an attachment between him and Louisa Musgrove ; but I hope it may be understood to have worn out on each side equally , and without violence .
Mrs Smith made no reply ; but when she was leaving her said , and with an expression half serious , half arch , " Well , I heartily wish your concert may answer ; and do not fail me to - morrow if you can come ; for I begin to have a foreboding that I may not have many more visits from you ."
I ought to have waited for official information , But now , my dear Miss Elliot , as an old friend , do give me a hint as to when I may speak .
To be sure by next week I may be allowed to think it all settled , and build my own selfish schemes on Mr Elliot ' s good fortune ."
" It first came into my head ," replied Mrs Smith , " upon finding how much you were together , and feeling it to be the most probable thing in the world to be wished for by everybody belonging to either of you ; and you may depend upon it that all your acquaintance have disposed of you in the same way .
Even the smooth surface of family - union seems worth preserving , though there may be nothing durable beneath .
Though I fully believe that , at present , you have not the smallest intention of accepting him , there is no saying what may happen .
I was privy to all the fors and againsts ; I was the friend to whom he confided his hopes and plans ; and though I did not know his wife previously , her inferior situation in society , indeed , rendered that impossible , yet I knew her all her life afterwards , or at least till within the last two years of her life , and can answer any question you may wish to put ."
Depend upon it , whatever esteem Mr Elliot may have for his own situation in life now , as a young man he had not the smallest value for it .
If he does , however , they will leave me in peace , which may be a decent equivalent for the reversion .
You may guess , therefore , that the news he heard from his friend could not be very agreeable , and you may guess what it produced ; the resolution of coming back to Bath as soon as possible , and of fixing himself here for a time , with the view of renewing his former acquaintance , and recovering such a footing in the family as might give him the means of ascertaining the degree of his danger , and of circumventing the lady if he found it material .
You can imagine what an artful man would do ; and with this guide , perhaps , may recollect what you have seen him do ."
She must be allowed to be a favourer of matrimony , you know ; and ( since self will intrude ) who can say that she may not have some flying visions of attending the next Lady Elliot , through Mrs Wallis ' s recommendation ?"
Dear Miss Elliot , may I not say father and son ?"
you may as well take back that tiresome book she would lend me , and pretend I have read it through .
And you may say , that I mean to call upon her soon .
He has changed his hour of going , I suppose , that is all , or I may be mistaken , I might not attend ;" and walked back to her chair , recomposed , and with the comfortable hope of having acquitted herself well .
You may do as you like , but I shall go to the play ."
" Yes , dear ma ' am ," said Mrs Croft , " or an uncertain engagement , an engagement which may be long .
" Yes , and you may guess who it is for .
" Your feelings may be the strongest ," replied Anne , " but the same spirit of analogy will authorise me to assert that ours are the most tender .
We each begin , probably , with a little bias towards our own sex ; and upon that bias build every circumstance in favour of it which has occurred within our own circle ; many of which circumstances ( perhaps those very cases which strike us the most ) may be precisely such as cannot be brought forward without betraying a confidence , or in some respect saying what should not be said ."
I believe you equal to every important exertion , and to every domestic forbearance , so long as -- if I may be allowed the expression -- so long as you have an object .
To - night we may have the pleasure of all meeting again at your party ," ( turning to Anne .)
Unjust I may have been , weak and resentful I have been , but never inconstant .
" By all means , my dear ," cried Mrs Musgrove , " go home directly , and take care of yourself , that you may be fit for the evening .
But I too have been thinking over the past , and a question has suggested itself , whether there may not have been one person more my enemy even than that lady ?
This may be bad morality to conclude with , but I believe it to be truth ; and if such parties succeed , how should a Captain Wentworth and an Anne Elliot , with the advantage of maturity of mind , consciousness of right , and one independent fortune between them , fail of bearing down every opposition ?
She has abilities , however , as well as affections ; and it is now a doubtful point whether his cunning , or hers , may finally carry the day ; whether , after preventing her from being the wife of Sir Walter , he may not be wheedled and caressed at last into making her the wife of Sir William .
The time may come when Harry will regret that so large a sum was parted with .
" There is no knowing what THEY may expect ," said the lady , " but we are not to think of their expectations : the question is , what you can afford to do ."
" Certainly -- and I think I may afford to give them five hundred pounds a - piece .
If they marry , they will be sure of doing well , and if they do not , they may all live very comfortably together on the interest of ten thousand pounds ."
It may be very inconvenient some years to spare a hundred , or even fifty pounds from our own expenses ."
" I believe you are right , my love ; it will be better that there should by no annuity in the case ; whatever I may give them occasionally will be of far greater assistance than a yearly allowance , because they would only enlarge their style of living if they felt sure of a larger income , and would not be sixpence the richer for it at the end of the year .
Do but consider , my dear Mr . Dashwood , how excessively comfortable your mother - in - law and her daughters may live on the interest of seven thousand pounds , besides the thousand pounds belonging to each of the girls , which brings them in fifty pounds a year a - piece , and , of course , they will pay their mother for their board out of it .
Some little present of furniture too may be acceptable then ."
" You may esteem him ."
" Perhaps ," said Marianne , " I may consider it with some surprise .
Elinor has not my feelings , and therefore she may overlook it , and be happy with him .
In one circumstance only , my Marianne , may your destiny be different from her ' s !"
Indeed , I think I may say that you cannot , for your behaviour to him is perfectly cordial , and if THAT were your opinion , I am sure you could never be civil to him ."
Believe them to be stronger than I have declared ; believe them , in short , to be such as his merit , and the suspicion -- the hope of his affection for me may warrant , without imprudence or folly .
happy house , could you know what I suffer in now viewing you from this spot , from whence perhaps I may view you no more !-- And you , ye well - known trees !-- but you will continue the same .-- No leaf will decay because we are removed , nor any branch become motionless although we can observe you no longer !-- No ; you will continue the same ; unconscious of the pleasure or the regret you occasion , and insensible of any change in those who walk under your shade !-- But who will remain to enjoy you ?"
Perhaps in the spring , if I have plenty of money , as I dare say I shall , we may think about building .
These parlors are both too small for such parties of our friends as I hope to see often collected here ; and I have some thoughts of throwing the passage into one of them with perhaps a part of the other , and so leave the remainder of that other for an entrance ; this , with a new drawing room which may be easily added , and a bed - chamber and garret above , will make it a very snug little cottage .
" But at least , Mamma , you cannot deny the absurdity of the accusation , though you may not think it intentionally ill - natured .
I can easily suppose that his age may appear much greater to you than to my mother ; but you can hardly deceive yourself as to his having the use of his limbs !"
He may live twenty years longer .
If their praise is censure , your censure may be praise , for they are not more undiscerning , than you are prejudiced and unjust ."
" Perhaps ," said Willoughby , " his observations may have extended to the existence of nabobs , gold mohrs , and palanquins ."
" I may venture to say that HIS observations have stretched much further than your candour .
A few years however will settle her opinions on the reasonable basis of common sense and observation ; and then they may be more easy to define and to justify than they now are , by any body but herself ."
It may be only the hair of some great uncle of HIS ."
When Mrs . Jennings attacked her one evening at the park , to give the name of the young man who was Elinor ' s particular favourite , which had been long a matter of great curiosity to her , Margaret answered by looking at her sister , and saying , " I must not tell , may I , Elinor ?"
" Remember that whatever your conjectures may be , you have no right to repeat them ."
But it is so uncertain , when I may have it in my power to return , that I dare not engage for it at all ."
" Ay , so do , Sir John ," cried Mrs . Jennings , " and then perhaps you may find out what his business is ."
I am afraid his circumstances may be bad .
May be she is ill in town ; nothing in the world more likely , for I have a notion she is always rather sickly .
May be his sister is worse at Avignon , and has sent for him over .
" May she always be poor , if she can employ her riches no better ."
But you may be assured that I would not sacrifice one sentiment of local attachment of yours , or of any one whom I loved , for all the improvements in the world .
Depend upon it that whatever unemployed sum may remain , when I make up my accounts in the spring , I would even rather lay it uselessly by than dispose of it in a manner so painful to you .
" I hope not ," he replied , trying to look cheerful ; and with a forced smile presently added , " It is I who may rather expect to be ill -- for I am now suffering under a very heavy disappointment !"
You will tell me , I know , that this may or may NOT have happened ; but I will listen to no cavil , unless you can point out any other method of understanding the affair as satisfactory at this .
Willoughby may undoubtedly have very sufficient reasons for his conduct , and I will hope that he has .
Secrecy may be advisable ; but still I cannot help wondering at its being practiced by him ."
It may be proper to conceal their engagement ( if they ARE engaged ) from Mrs . Smith -- and if that is the case , it must be highly expedient for Willoughby to be but little in Devonshire at present .
I have had my doubts , I confess ; but they are fainter than they were , and they may soon be entirely done away .
But all this may be explained by such a situation of his affairs as you have supposed .
In such a case , a plain and open avowal of his difficulties would have been more to his honour I think , as well as more consistent with his general character ;-- but I will not raise objections against any one ' s conduct on so illiberal a foundation , as a difference in judgment from myself , or a deviation from what I may think right and consistent ."
It is an engagement in some respects not prosperously begun , for their marriage must be at a very uncertain distance ; and even secrecy , as far as it can be observed , may now be very advisable ."
We have already agreed that secrecy may be necessary , and we must acknowledge that it could not be maintained if their correspondence were to pass through Sir John ' s hands ."
We will put it by , that when he comes again ... But it may be months , perhaps , before THAT happens ."
You may see the end of the house .
for famous you must be to satisfy all your family ; and with no inclination for expense , no affection for strangers , no profession , and no assurance , you may find it a difficult matter ."
" Perhaps ," said Elinor , smiling , " we may come to the same point .
" And who knows but you may raise a dance ," said she .
How much may not a few months do ?"
" I think ," replied Edward , " that I may defy many months to produce any good to me ."
You may see her if you look this way ."
" You may believe how glad we all were to see them ," added Mrs . Jennings , leaning forward towards Elinor , and speaking in a low voice as if she meant to be heard by no one else , though they were seated on different sides of the room ; " but , however , I can ' t help wishing they had not travelled quite so fast , nor made such a long journey of it , for they came all round by London upon account of some business , for you know ( nodding significantly and pointing to her daughter ) it was wrong in her situation .
" Ay , you may abuse me as you please ," said the good - natured old lady , " you have taken Charlotte off my hands , and cannot give her back again .
Nobody is more liked than Mr . Willoughby wherever he goes , and so you may tell your sister .
" I have a notion ," said Lucy , " you think the little Middletons rather too much indulged ; perhaps they may be the outside of enough ; but it is so natural in Lady Middleton ; and for my part , I love to see children full of life and spirits ; I cannot bear them if they are tame and quiet ."
But perhaps you young ladies may not care about the beaux , and had as lief be without them as with them .
And I hope you may have as good luck yourself soon ,-- but perhaps you may have a friend in the corner already ."
" I am sure you think me very strange , for enquiring about her in such a way ," said Lucy , eyeing Elinor attentively as she spoke ; " but perhaps there may be reasons -- I wish I might venture ; but however I hope you will do me the justice of believing that I do not mean to be impertinent ."
Mrs . Ferrars is certainly nothing to me at present -- but the time MAY come -- how soon it will come must depend upon herself -- when we may be very intimately connected ."
" You may well be surprised ," continued Lucy ; " for to be sure you could have had no idea of it before ; for I dare say he never dropped the smallest hint of it to you or any of your family ; because it was always meant to be a great secret , and I am sure has been faithfully kept so by me to this hour .
Her astonishment at what she heard was at first too great for words ; but at length forcing herself to speak , and to speak cautiously , she said , with calmness of manner , which tolerably well concealed her surprise and solicitude -- " May I ask if your engagement is of long standing ?"
I was very unwilling to enter into it , as you may imagine , without the knowledge and approbation of his mother ; but I was too young , and loved him too well , to be so prudent as I ought to have been .-- Though you do not know him so well as me , Miss Dashwood , you must have seen enough of him to be sensible he is very capable of making a woman sincerely attached to him ."
" Yes ; and heaven knows how much longer we may have to wait .
" I certainly did not seek your confidence ," said Elinor ; " but you do me no more than justice in imagining that I may be depended on .
" Perhaps ," continued Elinor , " if I should happen to cut out , I may be of some use to Miss Lucy Steele , in rolling her papers for her ; and there is so much still to be done to the basket , that it must be impossible I think for her labour singly , to finish it this evening .
We must wait , it may be for many years .
or have you none but that of waiting for Mrs . Ferrars ' s death , which is a melancholy and shocking extremity ?-- Is her son determined to submit to this , and to all the tediousness of the many years of suspense in which it may involve you , rather than run the risk of her displeasure for a while by owning the truth ?"
We three shall be able to go very well in my chaise ; and when we are in town , if you do not like to go wherever I do , well and good , you may always go with one of my daughters .
I shall speak a good word for you to all the young men , you may depend upon it ."
I have a little plan of alteration for your bedrooms too , which may now be performed without any inconvenience to any one .
And in all probability you will see your brother , and whatever may be his faults , or the faults of his wife , when I consider whose son he is , I cannot bear to have you so wholly estranged from each other ."
In another day or two perhaps ; this extreme mildness can hardly last longer -- nay , perhaps it may freeze tonight !"
He listened to her with silent attention , and on her ceasing to speak , rose directly from his seat , and after saying in a voice of emotion , " to your sister I wish all imaginable happiness ; to Willoughby that he may endeavour to deserve her ,"-- took leave , and went away .
" Marianne , may I ask -?"
With what indignation such a letter as this must be read by Miss Dashwood , may be imagined .
I wish you may receive this in time to come here to - night , but I will not depend on it .
You have perhaps been misinformed , or purposely deceived , in something concerning me , which may have lowered me in your opinion .
Whatever may have changed him now , ( and nothing but the blackest art employed against me can have done it ), I was once as dear to him as my own soul could wish .
This woman of whom he writes -- whoever she be -- or any one , in short , but your own dear self , mama , and Edward , may have been so barbarous to bely me .
Elinor would not contend , and only replied , " Whoever may have been so detestably your enemy , let them be cheated of their malignant triumph , my dear sister , by seeing how nobly the consciousness of your own innocence and good intentions supports your spirits .
The triumph of seeing me so may be open to all the world .
Elinor , Elinor , they who suffer little may be proud and independent as they like -- may resist insult , or return mortification -- but I cannot .
" And yet this woman -- who knows what her art may have been ?-- how long it may have been premeditated , and how deeply contrived by her !-- Who is she ?-- Who can she be ?-- Whom did I ever hear him talk of as young and attractive among his female acquaintance ?-- Oh !
Well , said I , all I can say is , that if this be true , he has used a young lady of my acquaintance abominably ill , and I wish with all my soul his wife may plague his heart out .
And so I shall always say , my dear , you may depend on it .
But now she is of age and may choose for herself ; and a pretty choice she has made !-- What now ," after pausing a moment --" your poor sister is gone to her own room , I suppose , to moan by herself .
Their own good - nature must point out to them the real cruelty of appearing to know any thing about it when she is present ; and the less that may ever be said to myself on the subject , the more my feelings will be spared , as you my dear madam will easily believe ."
Two thousand a year without debt or drawback -- except the little love - child , indeed ; aye , I had forgot her ; but she may be ' prenticed out at a small cost , and then what does it signify ?
Then , there is a dove - cote , some delightful stew - ponds , and a very pretty canal ; and every thing , in short , that one could wish for ; and , moreover , it is close to the church , and only a quarter of a mile from the turnpike - road , so ' tis never dull , for if you only go and sit up in an old yew arbour behind the house , you may see all the carriages that pass along .
" Perhaps , then ," he hesitatingly replied , " what I heard this morning may be -- there may be more truth in it than I could believe possible at first ."
If you know it already , as surely you must , I may be spared ."
In that , if in any thing , we may find an explanation ."
" It may be so ; but Willoughby is capable -- at least I think "-- he stopped a moment ; then added in a voice which seemed to distrust itself , " And your sister -- how did she --"
I have only to hope that they may be proportionately short .
" You know her disposition , and may believe how eagerly she would still justify him if she could ."
My regard for her , for yourself , for your mother -- will you allow me to prove it , by relating some circumstances which nothing but a VERY sincere regard -- nothing but an earnest desire of being useful -- I think I am justified -- though where so many hours have been spent in convincing myself that I am right , is there not some reason to fear I may be wrong ?"
What I thought , what I feared , may be imagined ; and what I suffered too ."
Whatever they may have been , however , she may now , and hereafter doubtless WILL turn with gratitude towards her own condition , when she compares it with that of my poor Eliza , when she considers the wretched and hopeless situation of this poor girl , and pictures her to herself , with an affection for him so strong , still as strong as her own , and with a mind tormented by self - reproach , which must attend her through life .
You must know best what will be its effect ; but had I not seriously , and from my heart believed it might be of service , might lessen her regrets , I would not have suffered myself to trouble you with this account of my family afflictions , with a recital which may seem to have been intended to raise myself at the expense of others ."
He seems a most gentlemanlike man ; and I think , Elinor , I may congratulate you on the prospect of a very respectable establishment in life ."
Perhaps just at present he may be undecided ; the smallness of your fortune may make him hang back ; his friends may all advise him against it .
You may guess , after all these expenses , how very far we must be from being rich , and how acceptable Mrs . Ferrars ' s kindness is ."
" Certainly ," said Elinor ; " and assisted by her liberality , I hope you may yet live to be in easy circumstances ."
" Another year or two may do much towards it ," he gravely replied ; " but however there is still a great deal to be done .
" She seems a most valuable woman indeed -- Her house , her style of living , all bespeak an exceeding good income ; and it is an acquaintance that has not only been of great use to you hitherto , but in the end may prove materially advantageous .-- Her inviting you to town is certainly a vast thing in your favour ; and indeed , it speaks altogether so great a regard for you , that in all probability when she dies you will not be forgotten .-- She must have a great deal to leave ."
And I really believe he HAS the most delicate conscience in the world ; the most scrupulous in performing every engagement , however minute , and however it may make against his interest or pleasure .
The dining parlour will admit eighteen couple with ease ; card - tables may be placed in the drawing - room ; the library may be open for tea and other refreshments ; and let the supper be set out in the saloon .'
So that , in fact , you see , if people do but know how to set about it , every comfort may be as well enjoyed in a cottage as in the most spacious dwelling ."
We can ask your sisters some other year , you know ; but the Miss Steeles may not be in town any more .
So you may think what a blow it was to all her vanity and pride .
for they say he is monstrous fond of her , as well he may .
He and I had a great deal of talk about it ; and the best of all is , that he is gone back again to Harley Street , that he may be within call when Mrs . Ferrars is told of it , for she was sent for as soon as ever my cousins left the house , for your sister was sure SHE would be in hysterics too ; and so she may , for what I care .
There is no reason on earth why Mr . Edward and Lucy should not marry ; for I am sure Mrs . Ferrars may afford to do very well by her son , and though Lucy has next to nothing herself , she knows better than any body how to make the most of every thing ; I dare say , if Mrs . Ferrars would only allow him five hundred a - year , she would make as good an appearance with it as any body else would with eight .
I wish him very happy ; and I am so sure of his always doing his duty , that though now he may harbour some regret , in the end he must become so .
Lucy does not want sense , and that is the foundation on which every thing good may be built .-- And after all , Marianne , after all that is bewitching in the idea of a single and constant attachment , and all that can be said of one ' s happiness depending entirely on any particular person , it is not meant -- it is not fit -- it is not possible that it should be so .-- Edward will marry Lucy ; he will marry a woman superior in person and understanding to half her sex ; and time and habit will teach him to forget that he ever thought another superior to HER ."
" I understand you .-- You do not suppose that I have ever felt much .-- For four months , Marianne , I have had all this hanging on my mind , without being at liberty to speak of it to a single creature ; knowing that it would make you and my mother most unhappy whenever it were explained to you , yet unable to prepare you for it in the least .-- It was told me ,-- it was in a manner forced on me by the very person herself , whose prior engagement ruined all my prospects ; and told me , as I thought , with triumph .-- This person ' s suspicions , therefore , I have had to oppose , by endeavouring to appear indifferent where I have been most deeply interested ;-- and it has not been only once ;-- I have had her hopes and exultation to listen to again and again .-- I have known myself to be divided from Edward for ever , without hearing one circumstance that could make me less desire the connection .-- Nothing has proved him unworthy ; nor has anything declared him indifferent to me .-- I have had to contend against the unkindness of his sister , and the insolence of his mother ; and have suffered the punishment of an attachment , without enjoying its advantages .-- And all this has been going on at a time , when , as you know too well , it has not been my only unhappiness .-- If you can think me capable of ever feeling -- surely you may suppose that I have suffered NOW .
Mrs . Ferrars too -- in short it has been a scene of such complicated distress -- but I will hope that the storm may be weathered without our being any of us quite overcome .
All that Mrs . Ferrars could say to make him put an end to the engagement , assisted too as you may well suppose by my arguments , and Fanny ' s entreaties , was of no avail .
" Well may you wonder , Marianne ," replied her brother , " at the obstinacy which could resist such arguments as these .
" Well , but Miss Dashwood ," speaking triumphantly , " people may say what they chuse about Mr . Ferrars ' s declaring he would not have Lucy , for it is no such thing I can tell you ; and it is quite a shame for such ill - natured reports to be spread abroad .
I am sure you will be glad to hear , as likewise dear Mrs . Jennings , I spent two happy hours with him yesterday afternoon , he would not hear of our parting , though earnestly did I , as I thought my duty required , urge him to it for prudence sake , and would have parted for ever on the spot , would he consent to it ; but he said it should never be , he did not regard his mother ' s anger , while he could have my affections ; our prospects are not very bright , to be sure , but we must wait , and hope for the best ; he will be ordained shortly ; and should it ever be in your power to recommend him to any body that has a living to bestow , am very sure you will not forget us , and dear Mrs . Jennings too , trust she will speak a good word for us to Sir John , or Mr . Palmer , or any friend that may be able to assist us .-- Poor Anne was much to blame for what she did , but she did it for the best , so I say nothing ; hope Mrs . Jennings won ' t think it too much trouble to give us a call , should she come this way any morning , ' twould be a great kindness , and my cousins would be proud to know her .-- My paper reminds me to conclude ; and begging to be most gratefully and respectfully remembered to her , and to Sir John , and Lady Middleton , and the dear children , when you chance to see them , and love to Miss Marianne ,
" The cruelty , the impolitic cruelty ,"-- he replied , with great feeling ,--" of dividing , or attempting to divide , two young people long attached to each other , is terrible .-- Mrs . Ferrars does not know what she may be doing -- what she may drive her son to .
Will you be so good as to tell him that the living of Delaford , now just vacant , as I am informed by this day ' s post , is his , if he think it worth his acceptance -- but THAT , perhaps , so unfortunately circumstanced as he is now , it may be nonsense to appear to doubt ; I only wish it were more valuable .-- It is a rectory , but a small one ; the late incumbent , I believe , did not make more than 200 L per annum , and though it is certainly capable of improvement , I fear , not to such an amount as to afford him a very comfortable income .
Such was the sentence which , when misunderstood , so justly offended the delicate feelings of Mrs . Jennings ; but after this narration of what really passed between Colonel Brandon and Elinor , while they stood at the window , the gratitude expressed by the latter on their parting , may perhaps appear in general , not less reasonably excited , nor less properly worded than if it had arisen from an offer of marriage .
But , however , we may have it all over in the evening ; for we shall be quite alone .
As a friend of mine , of my family , he may , perhaps -- indeed I know he HAS , still greater pleasure in bestowing it ; but , upon my word , you owe nothing to my solicitation ."
" Aye , aye , the parsonage is but a small one ," said she , after the first ebullition of surprise and satisfaction was over , " and very likely MAY be out of repair ; but to hear a man apologising , as I thought , for a house that to my knowledge has five sitting rooms on the ground - floor , and I think the housekeeper told me could make up fifteen beds !-- and to you too , that had been used to live in Barton cottage !-- It seems quite ridiculous .
I suppose , however -- on recollection -- that the case may probably be THIS .
" Well , well ; whatever Colonel Brandon may be , Edward is a very lucky man .-- You will not mention the matter to Fanny , however , for though I have broke it to her , and she bears it vastly well ,-- she will not like to hear it much talked of ."
" Mrs . Ferrars ," added he , lowering his voice to the tone becoming so important a subject , " knows nothing about it at present , and I believe it will be best to keep it entirely concealed from her as long as may be .-- When the marriage takes place , I fear she must hear of it all ."
When Edward ' s unhappy match takes place , depend upon it his mother will feel as much as if she had never discarded him ; and , therefore every circumstance that may accelerate that dreadful event , must be concealed from her as much as possible .
" Of ONE thing , my dear sister ," kindly taking her hand , and speaking in an awful whisper ,--" I may assure you ;-- and I WILL do it , because I know it must gratify you .
" We may treat it as a joke ," said he , at last , recovering from the affected laugh which had considerably lengthened out the genuine gaiety of the moment --" but , upon my soul , it is a most serious business .
I could not believe it .-- My mother was the first person who told me of it ; and I , feeling myself called on to act with resolution , immediately said to her , ' My dear madam , I do not know what you may intend to do on the occasion , but as for myself , I must say , that if Edward does marry this young woman , I never will see him again .'
" Mr . Willoughby , I advise you at present to return to Combe -- I am not at leisure to remain with you longer .-- Whatever your business may be with me , will it be better recollected and explained to - morrow ."
" If that is all , you may be satisfied already ,-- for Marianne DOES -- she has LONG forgiven you ."
" I do not know ," said he , after a pause of expectation on her side , and thoughtfulness on his own ,--" how YOU may have accounted for my behaviour to your sister , or what diabolical motive you may have imputed to me .-- Perhaps you will hardly think the better of me ,-- it is worth the trial however , and you shall hear every thing .
To attach myself to your sister , therefore , was not a thing to be thought of ;-- and with a meanness , selfishness , cruelty -- which no indignant , no contemptuous look , even of yours , Miss Dashwood , can ever reprobate too much -- I was acting in this manner , trying to engage her regard , without a thought of returning it .-- But one thing may be said for me : even in that horrid state of selfish vanity , I did not know the extent of the injury I meditated , because I did not THEN know what it was to love .
But have I ever known it ?-- Well may it be doubted ; for , had I really loved , could I have sacrificed my feelings to vanity , to avarice ?-- or , what is more , could I have sacrificed hers ?-- But I have done it .
But I have injured more than herself ; and I have injured one , whose affection for me --( may I say it ?)
" Your indifference , however , towards that unfortunate girl -- I must say it , unpleasant to me as the discussion of such a subject may well be -- your indifference is no apology for your cruel neglect of her .
" She taxed me with the offence at once , and my confusion may be guessed .
" I will tell her all that is necessary to what may comparatively be called , your justification .
If , however , I am allowed to think that you and yours feel an interest in my fate and actions , it may be the means -- it may put me on my guard -- at least , it may be something to live for .
I , you may well believe , could talk of nothing but my child ;-- he could not conceal his distress ; I saw that it equalled my own , and he perhaps , thinking that mere friendship , as the world now goes , would not justify so warm a sympathy -- or rather , not thinking at all , I suppose -- giving way to irresistible feelings , made me acquainted with his earnest , tender , constant , affection for Marianne .
" I am not wishing him too much good ," said Marianne at last with a sigh , " when I wish his secret reflections may be no more unpleasant than my own .
" One observation may , I think , be fairly drawn from the whole of the story -- that all Willoughby ' s difficulties have arisen from the first offence against virtue , in his behaviour to Eliza Williams .
Elinor now found the difference between the expectation of an unpleasant event , however certain the mind may be told to consider it , and certainty itself .
" Perhaps you do not know -- you may not have heard that my brother is lately married to -- to the youngest -- to Miss Lucy Steele ."
" I will not ask your opinion of it as a composition ," said Edward .--" For worlds would not I have had a letter of hers seen by YOU in former days .-- In a sister it is bad enough , but in a wife !-- how I have blushed over the pages of her writing !-- and I believe I may say that since the first half year of our foolish -- business -- this is the only letter I ever received from her , of which the substance made me any amends for the defect of the style ."
" However it may have come about ," said Elinor , after a pause ,--" they are certainly married .
" You may certainly ask to be forgiven ," said Elinor , " because you have offended ;-- and I should think you might NOW venture so far as to profess some concern for having ever formed the engagement which drew on you your mother ' s anger ."
" And when she has forgiven you , perhaps a little humility may be convenient while acknowledging a second engagement , almost as imprudent in HER eyes as the first ."
His property here , his place , his house , every thing is in such respectable and excellent condition !-- and his woods !-- I have not seen such timber any where in Dorsetshire , as there is now standing in Delaford Hanger !-- And though , perhaps , Marianne may not seem exactly the person to attract him -- yet I think it would altogether be advisable for you to have them now frequently staying with you , for as Colonel Brandon seems a great deal at home , nobody can tell what may happen -- for , when people are much thrown together , and see little of anybody else -- and it will always be in your power to set her off to advantage , and so forth ;-- in short , you may as well give her a chance -- You understand me ."
The whole of Lucy ' s behaviour in the affair , and the prosperity which crowned it , therefore , may be held forth as a most encouraging instance of what an earnest , an unceasing attention to self - interest , however its progress may be apparently obstructed , will do in securing every advantage of fortune , with no other sacrifice than that of time and conscience .
1 : 20 And God said , Let the waters bring forth abundantly the moving creature that hath life , and fowl that may fly above the earth in the open firmament of heaven .
2 : 16 And the LORD God commanded the man , saying , Of every tree of the garden thou mayest freely eat : 2 : 17 But of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil , thou shalt not eat of it : for in the day that thou eatest thereof thou shalt surely die .
3 : 2 And the woman said unto the serpent , We may eat of the fruit of the trees of the garden : 3 : 3 But of the fruit of the tree which is in the midst of the garden , God hath said , Ye shall not eat of it , neither shall ye touch it , lest ye die .
8 : 17 Bring forth with thee every living thing that is with thee , of all flesh , both of fowl , and of cattle , and of every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth ; that they may breed abundantly in the earth , and be fruitful , and multiply upon the earth .
9 : 16 And the bow shall be in the cloud ; and I will look upon it , that I may remember the everlasting covenant between God and every living creature of all flesh that is upon the earth .
11 : 4 And they said , Go to , let us build us a city and a tower , whose top may reach unto heaven ; and let us make us a name , lest we be scattered abroad upon the face of the whole earth .
11 : 7 Go to , let us go down , and there confound their language , that they may not understand one another ' s speech .
12 : 13 Say , I pray thee , thou art my sister : that it may be well with me for thy sake ; and my soul shall live because of thee .
16 : 2 And Sarai said unto Abram , Behold now , the LORD hath restrained me from bearing : I pray thee , go in unto my maid ; it may be that I may obtain children by her .
18 : 19 For I know him , that he will command his children and his household after him , and they shall keep the way of the LORD , to do justice and judgment ; that the LORD may bring upon Abraham that which he hath spoken of him .
bring them out unto us , that we may know them .
19 : 31 And the firstborn said unto the younger , Our father is old , and there is not a man in the earth to come in unto us after the manner of all the earth : 19 : 32 Come , let us make our father drink wine , and we will lie with him , that we may preserve seed of our father .
19 : 34 And it came to pass on the morrow , that the firstborn said unto the younger , Behold , I lay yesternight with my father : let us make him drink wine this night also ; and go thou in , and lie with him , that we may preserve seed of our father .
21 : 30 And he said , For these seven ewe lambs shalt thou take of my hand , that they may be a witness unto me , that I have digged this well .
23 : 3 And Abraham stood up from before his dead , and spake unto the sons of Heth , saying , 23 : 4 I am a stranger and a sojourner with you : give me a possession of a buryingplace with you , that I may bury my dead out of my sight .
23 : 5 And the children of Heth answered Abraham , saying unto him , 23 : 6 Hear us , my lord : thou art a mighty prince among us : in the choice of our sepulchres bury thy dead ; none of us shall withhold from thee his sepulchre , but that thou mayest bury thy dead .
23 : 8 And he communed with them , saying , If it be your mind that I should bury my dead out of my sight ; hear me , and intreat for me to Ephron the son of Zohar , 23 : 9 That he may give me the cave of Machpelah , which he hath , which is in the end of his field ; for as much money as it is worth he shall give it me for a possession of a buryingplace amongst you .
24 : 13 Behold , I stand here by the well of water ; and the daughters of the men of the city come out to draw water : 24 : 14 And let it come to pass , that the damsel to whom I shall say , Let down thy pitcher , I pray thee , that I may drink ; and she shall say , Drink , and I will give thy camels drink also : let the same be she that thou hast appointed for thy servant Isaac ; and thereby shall I know that thou hast shewed kindness unto my master .
24 : 49 And now if ye will deal kindly and truly with my master , tell me : and if not , tell me ; that I may turn to the right hand , or to the left .
24 : 56 And he said unto them , Hinder me not , seeing the LORD hath prospered my way ; send me away that I may go to my master .
27 : 2 And he said , Behold now , I am old , I know not the day of my death : 27 : 3 Now therefore take , I pray thee , thy weapons , thy quiver and thy bow , and go out to the field , and take me some venison ; 27 : 4 And make me savoury meat , such as I love , and bring it to me , that I may eat ; that my soul may bless thee before I die .
27 : 6 And Rebekah spake unto Jacob her son , saying , Behold , I heard thy father speak unto Esau thy brother , saying , 27 : 7 Bring me venison , and make me savoury meat , that I may eat , and bless thee before the LORD before my death .
27 : 9 Go now to the flock , and fetch me from thence two good kids of the goats ; and I will make them savoury meat for thy father , such as he loveth : 27 : 10 And thou shalt bring it to thy father , that he may eat , and that he may bless thee before his death .
27 : 19 And Jacob said unto his father , I am Esau thy first born ; I have done according as thou badest me : arise , I pray thee , sit and eat of my venison , that thy soul may bless me .
27 : 21 And Isaac said unto Jacob , Come near , I pray thee , that I may feel thee , my son , whether thou be my very son Esau or not .
27 : 25 And he said , Bring it near to me , and I will eat of my son ' s venison , that my soul may bless thee .
27 : 31 And he also had made savoury meat , and brought it unto his father , and said unto his father , Let my father arise , and eat of his son ' s venison , that thy soul may bless me .
28 : 3 And God Almighty bless thee , and make thee fruitful , and multiply thee , that thou mayest be a multitude of people ; 28 : 4 And give thee the blessing of Abraham , to thee , and to thy seed with thee ; that thou mayest inherit the land wherein thou art a stranger , which God gave unto Abraham .
29 : 21 And Jacob said unto Laban , Give me my wife , for my days are fulfilled , that I may go in unto her .
30 : 3 And she said , Behold my maid Bilhah , go in unto her ; and she shall bear upon my knees , that I may also have children by her .
30 : 25 And it came to pass , when Rachel had born Joseph , that Jacob said unto Laban , Send me away , that I may go unto mine own place , and to my country .
set it here before my brethren and thy brethren , that they may judge betwixt us both .
32 : 4 And he commanded them , saying , Thus shall ye speak unto my lord Esau ; Thy servant Jacob saith thus , I have sojourned with Laban , and stayed there until now : 32 : 5 And I have oxen , and asses , flocks , and menservants , and womenservants : and I have sent to tell my lord , that I may find grace in thy sight .
And she said , What wilt thou give me , that thou mayest come in unto me ?
42 : 2 And he said , Behold , I have heard that there is corn in Egypt : get you down thither , and buy for us from thence ; that we may live , and not die .
42 : 16 Send one of you , and let him fetch your brother , and ye shall be kept in prison , that your words may be proved , whether there be any truth in you : or else by the life of Pharaoh surely ye are spies .
43 : 8 And Judah said unto Israel his father , Send the lad with me , and we will arise and go ; that we may live , and not die , both we , and thou , and also our little ones .
43 : 11 And their father Israel said unto them , If it must be so now , do this ; take of the best fruits in the land in your vessels , and carry down the man a present , a little balm , and a little honey , spices , and myrrh , nuts , and almonds : 43 : 12 And take double money in your hand ; and the money that was brought again in the mouth of your sacks , carry it again in your hand ; peradventure it was an oversight : 43 : 13 Take also your brother , and arise , go again unto the man : 43 : 14 And God Almighty give you mercy before the man , that he may send away your other brother , and Benjamin .
43 : 18 And the men were afraid , because they were brought into Joseph ' s house ; and they said , Because of the money that was returned in our sacks at the first time are we brought in ; that he may seek occasion against us , and fall upon us , and take us for bondmen , and our asses .
44 : 21 And thou saidst unto thy servants , Bring him down unto me , that I may set mine eyes upon him .
44 : 26 And we said , We cannot go down : if our youngest brother be with us , then will we go down : for we may not see the man ' s face , except our youngest brother be with us .
46 : 34 That ye shall say , Thy servants ' trade hath been about cattle from our youth even until now , both we , and also our fathers : that ye may dwell in the land of Goshen ; for every shepherd is an abomination unto the Egyptians .
buy us and our land for bread , and we and our land will be servants unto Pharaoh : and give us seed , that we may live , and not die , that the land be not desolate .
49 : 1 And Jacob called unto his sons , and said , Gather yourselves together , that I may tell you that which shall befall you in the last days .
2 : 7 Then said his sister to Pharaoh ' s daughter , Shall I go and call to thee a nurse of the Hebrew women , that she may nurse the child for thee ?
call him , that he may eat bread .
3 : 10 Come now therefore , and I will send thee unto Pharaoh , that thou mayest bring forth my people the children of Israel out of Egypt .
3 : 18 And they shall hearken to thy voice : and thou shalt come , thou and the elders of Israel , unto the king of Egypt , and ye shall say unto him , The LORD God of the Hebrews hath met with us : and now let us go , we beseech thee , three days ' journey into the wilderness , that we may sacrifice to the LORD our God .
And he put forth his hand , and caught it , and it became a rod in his hand : 4 : 5 That they may believe that the LORD God of their fathers , the God of Abraham , the God of Isaac , and the God of Jacob , hath appeared unto thee .
4 : 22 And thou shalt say unto Pharaoh , Thus saith the LORD , Israel is my son , even my firstborn : 4 : 23 And I say unto thee , Let my son go , that he may serve me : and if thou refuse to let him go , behold , I will slay thy son , even thy firstborn .
5 : 1 And afterward Moses and Aaron went in , and told Pharaoh , Thus saith the LORD God of Israel , Let my people go , that they may hold a feast unto me in the wilderness .
5 : 9 Let there more work be laid upon the men , that they may labour therein ; and let them not regard vain words .
7 : 4 But Pharaoh shall not hearken unto you , that I may lay my hand upon Egypt , and bring forth mine armies , and my people the children of Israel , out of the land of Egypt by great judgments .
7 : 16 And thou shalt say unto him , The LORD God of the Hebrews hath sent me unto thee , saying , Let my people go , that they may serve me in the wilderness : and , behold , hitherto thou wouldest not hear .
7 : 19 And the LORD spake unto Moses , Say unto Aaron , Take thy rod , and stretch out thine hand upon the waters of Egypt , upon their streams , upon their rivers , and upon their ponds , and upon all their pools of water , that they may become blood ; and that there may be blood throughout all the land of Egypt , both in vessels of wood , and in vessels of stone .
8 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses , Go unto Pharaoh , and say unto him , Thus saith the LORD , Let my people go , that they may serve me .
8 : 8 Then Pharaoh called for Moses and Aaron , and said , Intreat the LORD , that he may take away the frogs from me , and from my people ; and I will let the people go , that they may do sacrifice unto the LORD .
8 : 9 And Moses said unto Pharaoh , Glory over me : when shall I intreat for thee , and for thy servants , and for thy people , to destroy the frogs from thee and thy houses , that they may remain in the river only ?
And he said , Be it according to thy word : that thou mayest know that there is none like unto the LORD our God .
8 : 16 And the LORD said unto Moses , Say unto Aaron , Stretch out thy rod , and smite the dust of the land , that it may become lice throughout all the land of Egypt .
8 : 20 And the LORD said unto Moses , Rise up early in the morning , and stand before Pharaoh ; lo , he cometh forth to the water ; and say unto him , Thus saith the LORD , Let my people go , that they may serve me .
8 : 22 And I will sever in that day the land of Goshen , in which my people dwell , that no swarms of flies shall be there ; to the end thou mayest know that I am the LORD in the midst of the earth .
8 : 28 And Pharaoh said , I will let you go , that ye may sacrifice to the LORD your God in the wilderness ; only ye shall not go very far away : intreat for me .
8 : 29 And Moses said , Behold , I go out from thee , and I will intreat the LORD that the swarms of flies may depart from Pharaoh , from his servants , and from his people , to morrow : but let not Pharaoh deal deceitfully any more in not letting the people go to sacrifice to the LORD .
9 : 1 Then the LORD said unto Moses , Go in unto Pharaoh , and tell him , Thus saith the LORD God of the Hebrews , Let my people go , that they may serve me .
9 : 13 And the LORD said unto Moses , Rise up early in the morning , and stand before Pharaoh , and say unto him , Thus saith the LORD God of the Hebrews , Let my people go , that they may serve me .
9 : 14 For I will at this time send all my plagues upon thine heart , and upon thy servants , and upon thy people ; that thou mayest know that there is none like me in all the earth .
9 : 15 For now I will stretch out my hand , that I may smite thee and thy people with pestilence ; and thou shalt be cut off from the earth .
9 : 16 And in very deed for this cause have I raised thee up , for to shew in thee my power ; and that my name may be declared throughout all the earth .
9 : 22 And the LORD said unto Moses , Stretch forth thine hand toward heaven , that there may be hail in all the land of Egypt , upon man , and upon beast , and upon every herb of the field , throughout the land of Egypt .
9 : 29 And Moses said unto him , As soon as I am gone out of the city , I will spread abroad my hands unto the LORD ; and the thunder shall cease , neither shall there be any more hail ; that thou mayest know how that the earth is the LORD ' s .
10 : 1 And the LORD said unto Moses , Go in unto Pharaoh : for I have hardened his heart , and the heart of his servants , that I might shew these my signs before him : 10 : 2 And that thou mayest tell in the ears of thy son , and of thy son ' s son , what things I have wrought in Egypt , and my signs which I have done among them ; that ye may know how that I am the LORD .
let my people go , that they may serve me .
let the men go , that they may serve the LORD their God : knowest thou not yet that Egypt is destroyed ?
10 : 12 And the LORD said unto Moses , Stretch out thine hand over the land of Egypt for the locusts , that they may come up upon the land of Egypt , and eat every herb of the land , even all that the hail hath left .
10 : 17 Now therefore forgive , I pray thee , my sin only this once , and intreat the LORD your God , that he may take away from me this death only .
10 : 21 And the LORD said unto Moses , Stretch out thine hand toward heaven , that there may be darkness over the land of Egypt , even darkness which may be felt .
10 : 25 And Moses said , Thou must give us also sacrifices and burnt offerings , that we may sacrifice unto the LORD our God .
11 : 7 But against any of the children of Israel shall not a dog move his tongue , against man or beast : that ye may know how that the LORD doth put a difference between the Egyptians and Israel .
11 : 9 And the LORD said unto Moses , Pharaoh shall not hearken unto you ; that my wonders may be multiplied in the land of Egypt .
12 : 16 And in the first day there shall be an holy convocation , and in the seventh day there shall be an holy convocation to you ; no manner of work shall be done in them , save that which every man must eat , that only may be done of you .
13 : 9 And it shall be for a sign unto thee upon thine hand , and for a memorial between thine eyes , that the LORD ' s law may be in thy mouth : for with a strong hand hath the LORD brought thee out of Egypt .
14 : 4 And I will harden Pharaoh ' s heart , that he shall follow after them ; and I will be honoured upon Pharaoh , and upon all his host ; that the Egyptians may know that I am the LORD .
14 : 12 Is not this the word that we did tell thee in Egypt , saying , Let us alone , that we may serve the Egyptians ?
14 : 26 And the LORD said unto Moses , Stretch out thine hand over the sea , that the waters may come again upon the Egyptians , upon their chariots , and upon their horsemen .
16 : 4 Then said the LORD unto Moses , Behold , I will rain bread from heaven for you ; and the people shall go out and gather a certain rate every day , that I may prove them , whether they will walk in my law , or no .
16 : 32 And Moses said , This is the thing which the LORD commandeth , Fill an omer of it to be kept for your generations ; that they may see the bread wherewith I have fed you in the wilderness , when I brought you forth from the land of Egypt .
17 : 2 Wherefore the people did chide with Moses , and said , Give us water that we may drink .
17 : 6 Behold , I will stand before thee there upon the rock in Horeb ; and thou shalt smite the rock , and there shall come water out of it , that the people may drink .
18 : 19 Hearken now unto my voice , I will give thee counsel , and God shall be with thee : Be thou for the people to God - ward , that thou mayest bring the causes unto God : 18 : 20 And thou shalt teach them ordinances and laws , and shalt shew them the way wherein they must walk , and the work that they must do .
19 : 9 And the LORD said unto Moses , Lo , I come unto thee in a thick cloud , that the people may hear when I speak with thee , and believe thee for ever .
20 : 12 Honour thy father and thy mother : that thy days may be long upon the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee .
20 : 20 And Moses said unto the people , Fear not : for God is come to prove you , and that his fear may be before your faces , that ye sin not .
21 : 14 But if a man come presumptuously upon his neighbour , to slay him with guile ; thou shalt take him from mine altar , that he may die .
23 : 10 And six years thou shalt sow thy land , and shalt gather in the fruits thereof : 23 : 11 But the seventh year thou shalt let it rest and lie still ; that the poor of thy people may eat : and what they leave the beasts of the field shall eat .
23 : 12 Six days thou shalt do thy work , and on the seventh day thou shalt rest : that thine ox and thine ass may rest , and the son of thy handmaid , and the stranger , may be refreshed .
24 : 12 And the LORD said unto Moses , Come up to me into the mount , and be there : and I will give thee tables of stone , and a law , and commandments which I have written ; that thou mayest teach them .
25 : 8 And let them make me a sanctuary ; that I may dwell among them .
25 : 14 And thou shalt put the staves into the rings by the sides of the ark , that the ark may be borne with them .
25 : 28 And thou shalt make the staves of shittim wood , and overlay them with gold , that the table may be borne with them .
25 : 37 And thou shalt make the seven lamps thereof : and they shall light the lamps thereof , that they may give light over against it .
26 : 5 Fifty loops shalt thou make in the one curtain , and fifty loops shalt thou make in the edge of the curtain that is in the coupling of the second ; that the loops may take hold one of another .
26 : 11 And thou shalt make fifty taches of brass , and put the taches into the loops , and couple the tent together , that it may be one .
26 : 33 And thou shalt hang up the vail under the taches , that thou mayest bring in thither within the vail the ark of the testimony : and the vail shall divide unto you between the holy place and the most holy .
27 : 5 And thou shalt put it under the compass of the altar beneath , that the net may be even to the midst of the altar .
28 : 1 And take thou unto thee Aaron thy brother , and his sons with him , from among the children of Israel , that he may minister unto me in the priest ' s office , even Aaron , Nadab and Abihu , Eleazar and Ithamar , Aaron ' s sons .
28 : 3 And thou shalt speak unto all that are wise hearted , whom I have filled with the spirit of wisdom , that they may make Aaron ' s garments to consecrate him , that he may minister unto me in the priest ' s office .
28 : 4 And these are the garments which they shall make ; a breastplate , and an ephod , and a robe , and a broidered coat , a mitre , and a girdle : and they shall make holy garments for Aaron thy brother , and his sons , that he may minister unto me in the priest ' s office .
28 : 28 And they shall bind the breastplate by the rings thereof unto the rings of the ephod with a lace of blue , that it may be above the curious girdle of the ephod , and that the breastplate be not loosed from the ephod .
28 : 37 And thou shalt put it on a blue lace , that it may be upon the mitre ; upon the forefront of the mitre it shall be .
28 : 38 And it shall be upon Aaron ' s forehead , that Aaron may bear the iniquity of the holy things , which the children of Israel shall hallow in all their holy gifts ; and it shall be always upon his forehead , that they may be accepted before the LORD .
28 : 41 And thou shalt put them upon Aaron thy brother , and his sons with him ; and shalt anoint them , and consecrate them , and sanctify them , that they may minister unto me in the priest ' s office .
29 : 46 And they shall know that I am the LORD their God , that brought them forth out of the land of Egypt , that I may dwell among them : I am the LORD their God .
30 : 16 And thou shalt take the atonement money of the children of Israel , and shalt appoint it for the service of the tabernacle of the congregation ; that it may be a memorial unto the children of Israel before the LORD , to make an atonement for your souls .
30 : 29 And thou shalt sanctify them , that they may be most holy : whatsoever toucheth them shall be holy .
30 : 30 And thou shalt anoint Aaron and his sons , and consecrate them , that they may minister unto me in the priest ' s office .
31 : 6 And I , behold , I have given with him Aholiab , the son of Ahisamach , of the tribe of Dan : and in the hearts of all that are wise hearted I have put wisdom , that they may make all that I have commanded thee ; 31 : 7 The tabernacle of the congregation , and the ark of the testimony , and the mercy seat that is thereupon , and all the furniture of the tabernacle , 31 : 8 And the table and his furniture , and the pure candlestick with all his furniture , and the altar of incense , 31 : 9 And the altar of burnt offering with all his furniture , and the laver and his foot , 31 : 10 And the cloths of service , and the holy garments for Aaron the priest , and the garments of his sons , to minister in the priest ' s office , 31 : 11 And the anointing oil , and sweet incense for the holy place : according to all that I have commanded thee shall they do .
31 : 12 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 31 : 13 Speak thou also unto the children of Israel , saying , Verily my sabbaths ye shall keep : for it is a sign between me and you throughout your generations ; that ye may know that I am the LORD that doth sanctify you .
31 : 15 Six days may work be done ; but in the seventh is the sabbath of rest , holy to the LORD : whosoever doeth any work in the sabbath day , he shall surely be put to death .
32 : 9 And the LORD said unto Moses , I have seen this people , and , behold , it is a stiffnecked people : 32 : 10 Now therefore let me alone , that my wrath may wax hot against them , and that I may consume them : and I will make of thee a great nation .
32 : 29 For Moses had said , Consecrate yourselves today to the LORD , even every man upon his son , and upon his brother ; that he may bestow upon you a blessing this day .
33 : 5 For the LORD had said unto Moses , Say unto the children of Israel , Ye are a stiffnecked people : I will come up into the midst of thee in a moment , and consume thee : therefore now put off thy ornaments from thee , that I may know what to do unto thee .
33 : 13 Now therefore , I pray thee , if I have found grace in thy sight , shew me now thy way , that I may know thee , that I may find grace in thy sight : and consider that this nation is thy people .
35 : 34 And he hath put in his heart that he may teach , both he , and Aholiab , the son of Ahisamach , of the tribe of Dan .
40 : 13 And thou shalt put upon Aaron the holy garments , and anoint him , and sanctify him ; that he may minister unto me in the priest ' s office .
40 : 14 And thou shalt bring his sons , and clothe them with coats : 40 : 15 And thou shalt anoint them , as thou didst anoint their father , that they may minister unto me in the priest ' s office : for their anointing shall surely be an everlasting priesthood throughout their generations .
7 : 24 And the fat of the beast that dieth of itself , and the fat of that which is torn with beasts , may be used in any other use : but ye shall in no wise eat of it .
7 : 30 His own hands shall bring the offerings of the LORD made by fire , the fat with the breast , it shall he bring , that the breast may be waved for a wave offering before the LORD .
10 : 8 And the LORD spake unto Aaron , saying , 10 : 9 Do not drink wine nor strong drink , thou , nor thy sons with thee , when ye go into the tabernacle of the congregation , lest ye die : it shall be a statute for ever throughout your generations : 10 : 10 And that ye may put difference between holy and unholy , and between unclean and clean ; 10 : 11 And that ye may teach the children of Israel all the statutes which the LORD hath spoken unto them by the hand of Moses .
11 : 21 Yet these may ye eat of every flying creeping thing that goeth upon all four , which have legs above their feet , to leap withal upon the earth ; 11 : 22 Even these of them ye may eat ; the locust after his kind , and the bald locust after his kind , and the beetle after his kind , and the grasshopper after his kind .
11 : 34 Of all meat which may be eaten , that on which such water cometh shall be unclean : and all drink that may be drunk in every such vessel shall be unclean .
11 : 39 And if any beast , of which ye may eat , die ; he that toucheth the carcase thereof shall be unclean until the even .
11 : 46 This is the law of the beasts , and of the fowl , and of every living creature that moveth in the waters , and of every creature that creepeth upon the earth : 11 : 47 To make a difference between the unclean and the clean , and between the beast that may be eaten and the beast that may not be eaten .
14 : 8 And he that is to be cleansed shall wash his clothes , and shave off all his hair , and wash himself in water , that he may be clean : and after that he shall come into the camp , and shall tarry abroad out of his tent seven days .
16 : 11 And Aaron shall bring the bullock of the sin offering , which is for himself , and shall make an atonement for himself , and for his house , and shall kill the bullock of the sin offering which is for himself : 16 : 12 And he shall take a censer full of burning coals of fire from off the altar before the LORD , and his hands full of sweet incense beaten small , and bring it within the vail : 16 : 13 And he shall put the incense upon the fire before the LORD , that the cloud of the incense may cover the mercy seat that is upon the testimony , that he die not : 16 : 14 And he shall take of the blood of the bullock , and sprinkle it with his finger upon the mercy seat eastward ; and before the mercy seat shall he sprinkle of the blood with his finger seven times .
16 : 29 And this shall be a statute for ever unto you : that in the seventh month , on the tenth day of the month , ye shall afflict your souls , and do no work at all , whether it be one of your own country , or a stranger that sojourneth among you : 16 : 30 For on that day shall the priest make an atonement for you , to cleanse you , that ye may be clean from all your sins before the LORD .
17 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 17 : 2 Speak unto Aaron , and unto his sons , and unto all the children of Israel , and say unto them ; This is the thing which the LORD hath commanded , saying , 17 : 3 What man soever there be of the house of Israel , that killeth an ox , or lamb , or goat , in the camp , or that killeth it out of the camp , 17 : 4 And bringeth it not unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation , to offer an offering unto the LORD before the tabernacle of the LORD ; blood shall be imputed unto that man ; he hath shed blood ; and that man shall be cut off from among his people : 17 : 5 To the end that the children of Israel may bring their sacrifices , which they offer in the open field , even that they may bring them unto the LORD , unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation , unto the priest , and offer them for peace offerings unto the LORD .
17 : 13 And whatsoever man there be of the children of Israel , or of the strangers that sojourn among you , which hunteth and catcheth any beast or fowl that may be eaten ; he shall even pour out the blood thereof , and cover it with dust .
19 : 25 And in the fifth year shall ye eat of the fruit thereof , that it may yield unto you the increase thereof : I am the LORD your God .
21 : 3 And for his sister a virgin , that is nigh unto him , which hath had no husband ; for her may he be defiled .
And whoso toucheth any thing that is unclean by the dead , or a man whose seed goeth from him ; 22 : 5 Or whosoever toucheth any creeping thing , whereby he may be made unclean , or a man of whom he may take uncleanness , whatsoever uncleanness he hath ; 22 : 6 The soul which hath touched any such shall be unclean until even , and shall not eat of the holy things , unless he wash his flesh with water .
22 : 12 If the priest ' s daughter also be married unto a stranger , she may not eat of an offering of the holy things .
22 : 23 Either a bullock or a lamb that hath any thing superfluous or lacking in his parts , that mayest thou offer for a freewill offering ; but for a vow it shall not be accepted .
23 : 21 And ye shall proclaim on the selfsame day , that it may be an holy convocation unto you : ye shall do no servile work therein : it shall be a statute for ever in all your dwellings throughout your generations .
23 : 42 Ye shall dwell in booths seven days ; all that are Israelites born shall dwell in booths : 23 : 43 That your generations may know that I made the children of Israel to dwell in booths , when I brought them out of the land of Egypt : I am the LORD your God .
24 : 7 And thou shalt put pure frankincense upon each row , that it may be on the bread for a memorial , even an offering made by fire unto the LORD .
25 : 26 And if the man have none to redeem it , and himself be able to redeem it ; 25 : 27 Then let him count the years of the sale thereof , and restore the overplus unto the man to whom he sold it ; that he may return unto his possession .
25 : 29 And if a man sell a dwelling house in a walled city , then he may redeem it within a whole year after it is sold ; within a full year may he redeem it .
25 : 31 But the houses of the villages which have no wall round about them shall be counted as the fields of the country : they may be redeemed , and they shall go out in the jubile .
25 : 32 Notwithstanding the cities of the Levites , and the houses of the cities of their possession , may the Levites redeem at any time .
25 : 34 But the field of the suburbs of their cities may not be sold ; for it is their perpetual possession .
25 : 35 And if thy brother be waxen poor , and fallen in decay with thee ; then thou shalt relieve him : yea , though he be a stranger , or a sojourner ; that he may live with thee .
25 : 36 Take thou no usury of him , or increase : but fear thy God ; that thy brother may live with thee .
25 : 47 And if a sojourner or stranger wax rich by thee , and thy brother that dwelleth by him wax poor , and sell himself unto the stranger or sojourner by thee , or to the stock of the stranger ' s family : 25 : 48 After that he is sold he may be redeemed again ; one of his brethren may redeem him : 25 : 49 Either his uncle , or his uncle ' s son , may redeem him , or any that is nigh of kin unto him of his family may redeem him ; or if he be able , he may redeem himself .
3 : 5 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 3 : 6 Bring the tribe of Levi near , and present them before Aaron the priest , that they may minister unto him .
4 : 17 And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron saying , 4 : 18 Cut ye not off the tribe of the families of the Kohathites from among the Levites : 4 : 19 But thus do unto them , that they may live , and not die , when they approach unto the most holy things : Aaron and his sons shall go in , and appoint them every one to his service and to his burden : 4 : 20 But they shall not go in to see when the holy things are covered , lest they die .
6 : 19 And the priest shall take the sodden shoulder of the ram , and one unleavened cake out of the basket , and one unleavened wafer , and shall put them upon the hands of the Nazarite , after the hair of his separation is shaven : 6 : 20 And the priest shall wave them for a wave offering before the LORD : this is holy for the priest , with the wave breast and heave shoulder : and after that the Nazarite may drink wine .
7 : 4 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 7 : 5 Take it of them , that they may be to do the service of the tabernacle of the congregation ; and thou shalt give them unto the Levites , to every man according to his service .
8 : 9 And thou shalt bring the Levites before the tabernacle of the congregation : and thou shalt gather the whole assembly of the children of Israel together : 8 : 10 And thou shalt bring the Levites before the LORD : and the children of Israel shall put their hands upon the Levites : 8 : 11 And Aaron shall offer the Levites before the LORD for an offering of the children of Israel , that they may execute the service of the LORD .
9 : 6 And there were certain men , who were defiled by the dead body of a man , that they could not keep the passover on that day : and they came before Moses and before Aaron on that day : 9 : 7 And those men said unto him , We are defiled by the dead body of a man : wherefore are we kept back , that we may not offer an offering of the LORD in his appointed season among the children of Israel ?
10 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 10 : 2 Make thee two trumpets of silver ; of a whole piece shalt thou make them : that thou mayest use them for the calling of the assembly , and for the journeying of the camps .
10 : 10 Also in the day of your gladness , and in your solemn days , and in the beginnings of your months , ye shall blow with the trumpets over your burnt offerings , and over the sacrifices of your peace offerings ; that they may be to you for a memorial before your God : I am the LORD your God .
10 : 31 And he said , Leave us not , I pray thee ; forasmuch as thou knowest how we are to encamp in the wilderness , and thou mayest be to us instead of eyes .
for they weep unto me , saying , Give us flesh , that we may eat .
11 : 16 And the LORD said unto Moses , Gather unto me seventy men of the elders of Israel , whom thou knowest to be the elders of the people , and officers over them ; and bring them unto the tabernacle of the congregation , that they may stand there with thee .
11 : 21 And Moses said , The people , among whom I am , are six hundred thousand footmen ; and thou hast said , I will give them flesh , that they may eat a whole month .
13 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 13 : 2 Send thou men , that they may search the land of Canaan , which I give unto the children of Israel : of every tribe of their fathers shall ye send a man , every one a ruler among them .
15 : 37 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 15 : 38 Speak unto the children of Israel , and bid them that they make them fringes in the borders of their garments throughout their generations , and that they put upon the fringe of the borders a ribband of blue : 15 : 39 And it shall be unto you for a fringe , that ye may look upon it , and remember all the commandments of the LORD , and do them ; and that ye seek not after your own heart and your own eyes , after which ye use to go a whoring : 15 : 40 That ye may remember , and do all my commandments , and be holy unto your God .
16 : 20 And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron , saying , 16 : 21 Separate yourselves from among this congregation , that I may consume them in a moment .
16 : 44 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 16 : 45 Get you up from among this congregation , that I may consume them as in a moment .
18 : 2 And thy brethren also of the tribe of Levi , the tribe of thy father , bring thou with thee , that they may be joined unto thee , and minister unto thee : but thou and thy sons with thee shall minister before the tabernacle of witness .
19 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron , saying , 19 : 2 This is the ordinance of the law which the LORD hath commanded , saying , Speak unto the children of Israel , that they bring thee a red heifer without spot , wherein is no blemish , and upon which never came yoke : 19 : 3 And ye shall give her unto Eleazar the priest , that he may bring her forth without the camp , and one shall slay her before his face : 19 : 4 And Eleazar the priest shall take of her blood with his finger , and sprinkle of her blood directly before the tabernacle of the congregation seven times : 19 : 5 And one shall burn the heifer in his sight ; her skin , and her flesh , and her blood , with her dung , shall he burn : 19 : 6 And the priest shall take cedar wood , and hyssop , and scarlet , and cast it into the midst of the burning of the heifer .
22 : 5 He sent messengers therefore unto Balaam the son of Beor to Pethor , which is by the river of the land of the children of his people , to call him , saying , Behold , there is a people come out from Egypt : behold , they cover the face of the earth , and they abide over against me : 22 : 6 Come now therefore , I pray thee , curse me this people ; for they are too mighty for me : peradventure I shall prevail , that we may smite them , and that I may drive them out of the land : for I wot that he whom thou blessest is blessed , and he whom thou cursest is cursed .
22 : 19 Now therefore , I pray you , tarry ye also here this night , that I may know what the LORD will say unto me more .
23 : 13 And Balak said unto him , Come , I pray thee , with me unto another place , from whence thou mayest see them : thou shalt see but the utmost part of them , and shalt not see them all : and curse me them from thence .
23 : 27 And Balak said unto Balaam , Come , I pray thee , I will bring thee unto another place ; peradventure it will please God that thou mayest curse me them from thence .
25 : 4 And the LORD said unto Moses , Take all the heads of the people , and hang them up before the LORD against the sun , that the fierce anger of the LORD may be turned away from Israel .
27 : 15 And Moses spake unto the LORD , saying , 27 : 16 Let the LORD , the God of the spirits of all flesh , set a man over the congregation , 27 : 17 Which may go out before them , and which may go in before them , and which may lead them out , and which may bring them in ; that the congregation of the LORD be not as sheep which have no shepherd .
27 : 20 And thou shalt put some of thine honour upon him , that all the congregation of the children of Israel may be obedient .
30 : 13 Every vow , and every binding oath to afflict the soul , her husband may establish it , or her husband may make it void .
31 : 21 And Eleazar the priest said unto the men of war which went to the battle , This is the ordinance of the law which the LORD commanded Moses ; 31 : 22 Only the gold , and the silver , the brass , the iron , the tin , and the lead , 31 : 23 Every thing that may abide the fire , ye shall make it go through the fire , and it shall be clean : nevertheless it shall be purified with the water of separation : and all that abideth not the fire ye shall make go through the water .
32 : 32 We will pass over armed before the LORD into the land of Canaan , that the possession of our inheritance on this side Jordan may be ours .
35 : 6 And among the cities which ye shall give unto the Levites there shall be six cities for refuge , which ye shall appoint for the manslayer , that he may flee thither : and to them ye shall add forty and two cities .
35 : 9 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 35 : 10 Speak unto the children of Israel , and say unto them , When ye be come over Jordan into the land of Canaan ; 35 : 11 Then ye shall appoint you cities to be cities of refuge for you ; that the slayer may flee thither , which killeth any person at unawares .
35 : 15 These six cities shall be a refuge , both for the children of Israel , and for the stranger , and for the sojourner among them : that every one that killeth any person unawares may flee thither .
35 : 17 And if he smite him with throwing a stone , wherewith he may die , and he die , he is a murderer : the murderer shall surely be put to death .
35 : 18 Or if he smite him with an hand weapon of wood , wherewith he may die , and he die , he is a murderer : the murderer shall surely be put to death .
35 : 22 But if he thrust him suddenly without enmity , or have cast upon him any thing without laying of wait , 35 : 23 Or with any stone , wherewith a man may die , seeing him not , and cast it upon him , that he die , and was not his enemy , neither sought his harm : 35 : 24 Then the congregation shall judge between the slayer and the revenger of blood according to these judgments : 35 : 25 And the congregation shall deliver the slayer out of the hand of the revenger of blood , and the congregation shall restore him to the city of his refuge , whither he was fled : and he shall abide in it unto the death of the high priest , which was anointed with the holy oil .
36 : 8 And every daughter , that possesseth an inheritance in any tribe of the children of Israel , shall be wife unto one of the family of the tribe of her father , that the children of Israel may enjoy every man the inheritance of his fathers .
2 : 6 Ye shall buy meat of them for money , that ye may eat ; and ye shall also buy water of them for money , that ye may drink .
2 : 28 Thou shalt sell me meat for money , that I may eat ; and give me water for money , that I may drink : only I will pass through on my feet ; 2 : 29 ( As the children of Esau which dwell in Seir , and the Moabites which dwell in Ar , did unto me ;) until I shall pass over Jordan into the land which the LORD our God giveth us .
2 : 31 And the LORD said unto me , Behold , I have begun to give Sihon and his land before thee : begin to possess , that thou mayest inherit his land .
4 : 1 Now therefore hearken , O Israel , unto the statutes and unto the judgments , which I teach you , for to do them , that ye may live , and go in and possess the land which the LORD God of your fathers giveth you .
4 : 2 Ye shall not add unto the word which I command you , neither shall ye diminish ought from it , that ye may keep the commandments of the LORD your God which I command you .
4 : 9 Only take heed to thyself , and keep thy soul diligently , lest thou forget the things which thine eyes have seen , and lest they depart from thy heart all the days of thy life : but teach them thy sons , and thy sons ' sons ; 4 : 10 Specially the day that thou stoodest before the LORD thy God in Horeb , when the LORD said unto me , Gather me the people together , and I will make them hear my words , that they may learn to fear me all the days that they shall live upon the earth , and that they may teach their children .
4 : 40 Thou shalt keep therefore his statutes , and his commandments , which I command thee this day , that it may go well with thee , and with thy children after thee , and that thou mayest prolong thy days upon the earth , which the LORD thy God giveth thee , for ever .
5 : 1 And Moses called all Israel , and said unto them , Hear , O Israel , the statutes and judgments which I speak in your ears this day , that ye may learn them , and keep , and do them .
5 : 13 Six days thou shalt labour , and do all thy work : 5 : 14 But the seventh day is the sabbath of the LORD thy God : in it thou shalt not do any work , thou , nor thy son , nor thy daughter , nor thy manservant , nor thy maidservant , nor thine ox , nor thine ass , nor any of thy cattle , nor thy stranger that is within thy gates ; that thy manservant and thy maidservant may rest as well as thou .
5 : 16 Honour thy father and thy mother , as the LORD thy God hath commanded thee ; that thy days may be prolonged , and that it may go well with thee , in the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee .
5 : 31 But as for thee , stand thou here by me , and I will speak unto thee all the commandments , and the statutes , and the judgments , which thou shalt teach them , that they may do them in the land which I give them to possess it .
5 : 33 Ye shall walk in all the ways which the LORD your God hath commanded you , that ye may live , and that it may be well with you , and that ye may prolong your days in the land which ye shall possess .
6 : 1 Now these are the commandments , the statutes , and the judgments , which the LORD your God commanded to teach you , that ye might do them in the land whither ye go to possess it : 6 : 2 That thou mightest fear the LORD thy God , to keep all his statutes and his commandments , which I command thee , thou , and thy son , and thy son ' s son , all the days of thy life ; and that thy days may be prolonged .
6 : 3 Hear therefore , O Israel , and observe to do it ; that it may be well with thee , and that ye may increase mightily , as the LORD God of thy fathers hath promised thee , in the land that floweth with milk and honey .
6 : 18 And thou shalt do that which is right and good in the sight of the LORD : that it may be well with thee , and that thou mayest go in and possess the good land which the LORD sware unto thy fathers .
7 : 4 For they will turn away thy son from following me , that they may serve other gods : so will the anger of the LORD be kindled against you , and destroy thee suddenly .
7 : 22 And the LORD thy God will put out those nations before thee by little and little : thou mayest not consume them at once , lest the beasts of the field increase upon thee .
8 : 1 All the commandments which I command thee this day shall ye observe to do , that ye may live , and multiply , and go in and possess the land which the LORD sware unto your fathers .
8 : 7 For the LORD thy God bringeth thee into a good land , a land of brooks of water , of fountains and depths that spring out of valleys and hills ; 8 : 8 A land of wheat , and barley , and vines , and fig trees , and pomegranates ; a land of oil olive , and honey ; 8 : 9 A land wherein thou shalt eat bread without scarceness , thou shalt not lack any thing in it ; a land whose stones are iron , and out of whose hills thou mayest dig brass .
8 : 18 But thou shalt remember the LORD thy God : for it is he that giveth thee power to get wealth , that he may establish his covenant which he sware unto thy fathers , as it is this day .
9 : 5 Not for thy righteousness , or for the uprightness of thine heart , dost thou go to possess their land : but for the wickedness of these nations the LORD thy God doth drive them out from before thee , and that he may perform the word which the LORD sware unto thy fathers , Abraham , Isaac , and Jacob .
9 : 13 Furthermore the LORD spake unto me , saying , I have seen this people , and , behold , it is a stiffnecked people : 9 : 14 Let me alone , that I may destroy them , and blot out their name from under heaven : and I will make of thee a nation mightier and greater than they .
10 : 11 And the LORD said unto me , Arise , take thy journey before the people , that they may go in and possess the land , which I sware unto their fathers to give unto them .
11 : 8 Therefore shall ye keep all the commandments which I command you this day , that ye may be strong , and go in and possess the land , whither ye go to possess it ; 11 : 9 And that ye may prolong your days in the land , which the LORD sware unto your fathers to give unto them and to their seed , a land that floweth with milk and honey .
11 : 13 And it shall come to pass , if ye shall hearken diligently unto my commandments which I command you this day , to love the LORD your God , and to serve him with all your heart and with all your soul , 11 : 14 That I will give you the rain of your land in his due season , the first rain and the latter rain , that thou mayest gather in thy corn , and thy wine , and thine oil .
11 : 15 And I will send grass in thy fields for thy cattle , that thou mayest eat and be full .
11 : 18 Therefore shall ye lay up these my words in your heart and in your soul , and bind them for a sign upon your hand , that they may be as frontlets between your eyes .
11 : 20 And thou shalt write them upon the door posts of thine house , and upon thy gates : 11 : 21 That your days may be multiplied , and the days of your children , in the land which the LORD sware unto your fathers to give them , as the days of heaven upon the earth .
12 : 15 Notwithstanding thou mayest kill and eat flesh in all thy gates , whatsoever thy soul lusteth after , according to the blessing of the LORD thy God which he hath given thee : the unclean and the clean may eat thereof , as of the roebuck , and as of the hart .
12 : 17 Thou mayest not eat within thy gates the tithe of thy corn , or of thy wine , or of thy oil , or the firstlings of thy herds or of thy flock , nor any of thy vows which thou vowest , nor thy freewill offerings , or heave offering of thine hand : 12 : 18 But thou must eat them before the LORD thy God in the place which the LORD thy God shall choose , thou , and thy son , and thy daughter , and thy manservant , and thy maidservant , and the Levite that is within thy gates : and thou shalt rejoice before the LORD thy God in all that thou puttest thine hands unto .
12 : 20 When the LORD thy God shall enlarge thy border , as he hath promised thee , and thou shalt say , I will eat flesh , because thy soul longeth to eat flesh ; thou mayest eat flesh , whatsoever thy soul lusteth after .
12 : 23 Only be sure that thou eat not the blood : for the blood is the life ; and thou mayest not eat the life with the flesh .
12 : 25 Thou shalt not eat it ; that it may go well with thee , and with thy children after thee , when thou shalt do that which is right in the sight of the LORD .
12 : 28 Observe and hear all these words which I command thee , that it may go well with thee , and with thy children after thee for ever , when thou doest that which is good and right in the sight of the LORD thy God .
13 : 17 And there shall cleave nought of the cursed thing to thine hand : that the LORD may turn from the fierceness of his anger , and shew thee mercy , and have compassion upon thee , and multiply thee , as he hath sworn unto thy fathers ; 13 : 18 When thou shalt hearken to the voice of the LORD thy God , to keep all his commandments which I command thee this day , to do that which is right in the eyes of the LORD thy God .
14 : 9 These ye shall eat of all that are in the waters : all that have fins and scales shall ye eat : 14 : 10 And whatsoever hath not fins and scales ye may not eat ; it is unclean unto you .
14 : 20 But of all clean fowls ye may eat .
14 : 21 Ye shall not eat of anything that dieth of itself : thou shalt give it unto the stranger that is in thy gates , that he may eat it ; or thou mayest sell it unto an alien : for thou art an holy people unto the LORD thy God .
14 : 23 And thou shalt eat before the LORD thy God , in the place which he shall choose to place his name there , the tithe of thy corn , of thy wine , and of thine oil , and the firstlings of thy herds and of thy flocks ; that thou mayest learn to fear the LORD thy God always .
14 : 28 At the end of three years thou shalt bring forth all the tithe of thine increase the same year , and shalt lay it up within thy gates : 14 : 29 And the Levite , ( because he hath no part nor inheritance with thee ,) and the stranger , and the fatherless , and the widow , which are within thy gates , shall come , and shall eat and be satisfied ; that the LORD thy God may bless thee in all the work of thine hand which thou doest .
15 : 3 Of a foreigner thou mayest exact it again : but that which is thine with thy brother thine hand shall release ; 15 : 4 Save when there shall be no poor among you ; for the LORD shall greatly bless thee in the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance to possess it : 15 : 5 Only if thou carefully hearken unto the voice of the LORD thy God , to observe to do all these commandments which I command thee this day .
16 : 3 Thou shalt eat no leavened bread with it ; seven days shalt thou eat unleavened bread therewith , even the bread of affliction ; for thou camest forth out of the land of Egypt in haste : that thou mayest remember the day when thou camest forth out of the land of Egypt all the days of thy life .
16 : 5 Thou mayest not sacrifice the passover within any of thy gates , which the LORD thy God giveth thee : 16 : 6 But at the place which the LORD thy God shall choose to place his name in , there thou shalt sacrifice the passover at even , at the going down of the sun , at the season that thou camest forth out of Egypt .
16 : 20 That which is altogether just shalt thou follow , that thou mayest live , and inherit the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee .
17 : 14 When thou art come unto the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee , and shalt possess it , and shalt dwell therein , and shalt say , I will set a king over me , like as all the nations that are about me ; 17 : 15 Thou shalt in any wise set him king over thee , whom the LORD thy God shall choose : one from among thy brethren shalt thou set king over thee : thou mayest not set a stranger over thee , which is not thy brother .
17 : 18 And it shall be , when he sitteth upon the throne of his kingdom , that he shall write him a copy of this law in a book out of that which is before the priests the Levites : 17 : 19 And it shall be with him , and he shall read therein all the days of his life : that he may learn to fear the LORD his God , to keep all the words of this law and these statutes , to do them : 17 : 20 That his heart be not lifted up above his brethren , and that he turn not aside from the commandment , to the right hand , or to the left : to the end that he may prolong his days in his kingdom , he , and his children , in the midst of Israel .
19 : 3 Thou shalt prepare thee a way , and divide the coasts of thy land , which the LORD thy God giveth thee to inherit , into three parts , that every slayer may flee thither .
19 : 4 And this is the case of the slayer , which shall flee thither , that he may live : Whoso killeth his neighbour ignorantly , whom he hated not in time past ; 19 : 5 As when a man goeth into the wood with his neighbour to hew wood , and his hand fetcheth a stroke with the axe to cut down the tree , and the head slippeth from the helve , and lighteth upon his neighbour , that he die ; he shall flee unto one of those cities , and live : 19 : 6 Lest the avenger of the blood pursue the slayer , while his heart is hot , and overtake him , because the way is long , and slay him ; whereas he was not worthy of death , inasmuch as he hated him not in time past .
19 : 11 But if any man hate his neighbour , and lie in wait for him , and rise up against him , and smite him mortally that he die , and fleeth into one of these cities : 19 : 12 Then the elders of his city shall send and fetch him thence , and deliver him into the hand of the avenger of blood , that he may die .
19 : 13 Thine eye shall not pity him , but thou shalt put away the guilt of innocent blood from Israel , that it may go well with thee .
20 : 19 When thou shalt besiege a city a long time , in making war against it to take it , thou shalt not destroy the trees thereof by forcing an axe against them : for thou mayest eat of them , and thou shalt not cut them down ( for the tree of the field is man ' s life ) to employ them in the siege : 20 : 20 Only the trees which thou knowest that they be not trees for meat , thou shalt destroy and cut them down ; and thou shalt build bulwarks against the city that maketh war with thee , until it be subdued .
21 : 15 If a man have two wives , one beloved , and another hated , and they have born him children , both the beloved and the hated ; and if the firstborn son be hers that was hated : 21 : 16 Then it shall be , when he maketh his sons to inherit that which he hath , that he may not make the son of the beloved firstborn before the son of the hated , which is indeed the firstborn : 21 : 17 But he shall acknowledge the son of the hated for the firstborn , by giving him a double portion of all that he hath : for he is the beginning of his strength ; the right of the firstborn is his .
22 : 3 In like manner shalt thou do with his ass ; and so shalt thou do with his raiment ; and with all lost thing of thy brother ' s , which he hath lost , and thou hast found , shalt thou do likewise : thou mayest not hide thyself .
22 : 6 If a bird ' s nest chance to be before thee in the way in any tree , or on the ground , whether they be young ones , or eggs , and the dam sitting upon the young , or upon the eggs , thou shalt not take the dam with the young : 22 : 7 But thou shalt in any wise let the dam go , and take the young to thee ; that it may be well with thee , and that thou mayest prolong thy days .
22 : 18 And the elders of that city shall take that man and chastise him ; 22 : 19 And they shall amerce him in an hundred shekels of silver , and give them unto the father of the damsel , because he hath brought up an evil name upon a virgin of Israel : and she shall be his wife ; he may not put her away all his days .
22 : 28 If a man find a damsel that is a virgin , which is not betrothed , and lay hold on her , and lie with her , and they be found ; 22 : 29 Then the man that lay with her shall give unto the damsel ' s father fifty shekels of silver , and she shall be his wife ; because he hath humbled her , he may not put her away all his days .
23 : 19 Thou shalt not lend upon usury to thy brother ; usury of money , usury of victuals , usury of any thing that is lent upon usury : 23 : 20 Unto a stranger thou mayest lend upon usury ; but unto thy brother thou shalt not lend upon usury : that the LORD thy God may bless thee in all that thou settest thine hand to in the land whither thou goest to possess it .
23 : 24 When thou comest into thy neighbour ' s vineyard , then thou mayest eat grapes thy fill at thine own pleasure ; but thou shalt not put any in thy vessel .
23 : 25 When thou comest into the standing corn of thy neighbour , then thou mayest pluck the ears with thine hand ; but thou shalt not move a sickle unto thy neighbour ' s standing corn .
24 : 2 And when she is departed out of his house , she may go and be another man ' s wife .
24 : 3 And if the latter husband hate her , and write her a bill of divorcement , and giveth it in her hand , and sendeth her out of his house ; or if the latter husband die , which took her to be his wife ; 24 : 4 Her former husband , which sent her away , may not take her again to be his wife , after that she is defiled ; for that is abomination before the LORD : and thou shalt not cause the land to sin , which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance .
24 : 12 And if the man be poor , thou shalt not sleep with his pledge : 24 : 13 In any case thou shalt deliver him the pledge again when the sun goeth down , that he may sleep in his own raiment , and bless thee : and it shall be righteousness unto thee before the LORD thy God .
24 : 19 When thou cuttest down thine harvest in thy field , and hast forgot a sheaf in the field , thou shalt not go again to fetch it : it shall be for the stranger , for the fatherless , and for the widow : that the LORD thy God may bless thee in all the work of thine hands .
25 : 1 If there be a controversy between men , and they come unto judgment , that the judges may judge them ; then they shall justify the righteous , and condemn the wicked .
25 : 3 Forty stripes he may give him , and not exceed : lest , if he should exceed , and beat him above these with many stripes , then thy brother should seem vile unto thee .
25 : 15 But thou shalt have a perfect and just weight , a perfect and just measure shalt thou have : that thy days may be lengthened in the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee .
26 : 12 When thou hast made an end of tithing all the tithes of thine increase the third year , which is the year of tithing , and hast given it unto the Levite , the stranger , the fatherless , and the widow , that they may eat within thy gates , and be filled ; 26 : 13 Then thou shalt say before the LORD thy God , I have brought away the hallowed things out of mine house , and also have given them unto the Levite , and unto the stranger , to the fatherless , and to the widow , according to all thy commandments which thou hast commanded me : I have not transgressed thy commandments , neither have I forgotten them .
26 : 17 Thou hast avouched the LORD this day to be thy God , and to walk in his ways , and to keep his statutes , and his commandments , and his judgments , and to hearken unto his voice : 26 : 18 And the LORD hath avouched thee this day to be his peculiar people , as he hath promised thee , and that thou shouldest keep all his commandments ; 26 : 19 And to make thee high above all nations which he hath made , in praise , and in name , and in honour ; and that thou mayest be an holy people unto the LORD thy God , as he hath spoken .
27 : 2 And it shall be on the day when ye shall pass over Jordan unto the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee , that thou shalt set thee up great stones , and plaister them with plaister : 27 : 3 And thou shalt write upon them all the words of this law , when thou art passed over , that thou mayest go in unto the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee , a land that floweth with milk and honey ; as the LORD God of thy fathers hath promised thee .
28 : 58 If thou wilt not observe to do all the words of this law that are written in this book , that thou mayest fear this glorious and fearful name , THE LORD THY GOD ; 28 : 59 Then the LORD will make thy plagues wonderful , and the plagues of thy seed , even great plagues , and of long continuance , and sore sicknesses , and of long continuance .
29 : 9 Keep therefore the words of this covenant , and do them , that ye may prosper in all that ye do .
29 : 10 Ye stand this day all of you before the LORD your God ; your captains of your tribes , your elders , and your officers , with all the men of Israel , 29 : 11 Your little ones , your wives , and thy stranger that is in thy camp , from the hewer of thy wood unto the drawer of thy water : 29 : 12 That thou shouldest enter into covenant with the LORD thy God , and into his oath , which the LORD thy God maketh with thee this day : 29 : 13 That he may establish thee to day for a people unto himself , and that he may be unto thee a God , as he hath said unto thee , and as he hath sworn unto thy fathers , to Abraham , to Isaac , and to Jacob .
29 : 29 The secret things belong unto the LORD our God : but those things which are revealed belong unto us and to our children for ever , that we may do all the words of this law .
30 : 6 And the LORD thy God will circumcise thine heart , and the heart of thy seed , to love the LORD thy God with all thine heart , and with all thy soul , that thou mayest live .
30 : 12 It is not in heaven , that thou shouldest say , Who shall go up for us to heaven , and bring it unto us , that we may hear it , and do it ?
30 : 13 Neither is it beyond the sea , that thou shouldest say , Who shall go over the sea for us , and bring it unto us , that we may hear it , and do it ?
30 : 14 But the word is very nigh unto thee , in thy mouth , and in thy heart , that thou mayest do it .
30 : 15 See , I have set before thee this day life and good , and death and evil ; 30 : 16 In that I command thee this day to love the LORD thy God , to walk in his ways , and to keep his commandments and his statutes and his judgments , that thou mayest live and multiply : and the LORD thy God shall bless thee in the land whither thou goest to possess it .
30 : 19 I call heaven and earth to record this day against you , that I have set before you life and death , blessing and cursing : therefore choose life , that both thou and thy seed may live : 30 : 20 That thou mayest love the LORD thy God , and that thou mayest obey his voice , and that thou mayest cleave unto him : for he is thy life , and the length of thy days : that thou mayest dwell in the land which the LORD sware unto thy fathers , to Abraham , to Isaac , and to Jacob , to give them .
31 : 5 And the LORD shall give them up before your face , that ye may do unto them according unto all the commandments which I have commanded you .
31 : 12 Gather the people together , men and women , and children , and thy stranger that is within thy gates , that they may hear , and that they may learn , and fear the LORD your God , and observe to do all the words of this law : 31 : 13 And that their children , which have not known any thing , may hear , and learn to fear the LORD your God , as long as ye live in the land whither ye go over Jordan to possess it .
31 : 14 And the LORD said unto Moses , Behold , thy days approach that thou must die : call Joshua , and present yourselves in the tabernacle of the congregation , that I may give him a charge .
31 : 19 Now therefore write ye this song for you , and teach it the children of Israel : put it in their mouths , that this song may be a witness for me against the children of Israel .
31 : 24 And it came to pass , when Moses had made an end of writing the words of this law in a book , until they were finished , 31 : 25 That Moses commanded the Levites , which bare the ark of the covenant of the LORD , saying , 31 : 26 Take this book of the law , and put it in the side of the ark of the covenant of the LORD your God , that it may be there for a witness against thee .
31 : 28 Gather unto me all the elders of your tribes , and your officers , that I may speak these words in their ears , and call heaven and earth to record against them .
1 : 7 Only be thou strong and very courageous , that thou mayest observe to do according to all the law , which Moses my servant commanded thee : turn not from it to the right hand or to the left , that thou mayest prosper withersoever thou goest .
1 : 8 This book of the law shall not depart out of thy mouth ; but thou shalt meditate therein day and night , that thou mayest observe to do according to all that is written therein : for then thou shalt make thy way prosperous , and then thou shalt have good success .
2 : 16 And she said unto them , Get you to the mountain , lest the pursuers meet you ; and hide yourselves there three days , until the pursuers be returned : and afterward may ye go your way .
3 : 4 Yet there shall be a space between you and it , about two thousand cubits by measure : come not near unto it , that ye may know the way by which ye must go : for ye have not passed this way heretofore .
3 : 7 And the LORD said unto Joshua , This day will I begin to magnify thee in the sight of all Israel , that they may know that , as I was with Moses , so I will be with thee .
4 : 4 Then Joshua called the twelve men , whom he had prepared of the children of Israel , out of every tribe a man : 4 : 5 And Joshua said unto them , Pass over before the ark of the LORD your God into the midst of Jordan , and take you up every man of you a stone upon his shoulder , according unto the number of the tribes of the children of Israel : 4 : 6 That this may be a sign among you , that when your children ask their fathers in time to come , saying , What mean ye by these stones ?
9 : 19 But all the princes said unto all the congregation , We have sworn unto them by the LORD God of Israel : now therefore we may not touch them .
10 : 3 Wherefore Adonizedec king of Jerusalem , sent unto Hoham king of Hebron , and unto Piram king of Jarmuth , and unto Japhia king of Lachish , and unto Debir king of Eglon , saying , 10 : 4 Come up unto me , and help me , that we may smite Gibeon : for it hath made peace with Joshua and with the children of Israel .
18 : 6 Ye shall therefore describe the land into seven parts , and bring the description hither to me , that I may cast lots for you here before the LORD our God .
18 : 8 And the men arose , and went away : and Joshua charged them that went to describe the land , saying , Go and walk through the land , and describe it , and come again to me , that I may here cast lots for you before the LORD in Shiloh .
20 : 1 The LORD also spake unto Joshua , saying , 20 : 2 Speak to the children of Israel , saying , Appoint out for you cities of refuge , whereof I spake unto you by the hand of Moses : 20 : 3 That the slayer that killeth any person unawares and unwittingly may flee thither : and they shall be your refuge from the avenger of blood .
20 : 4 And when he that doth flee unto one of those cities shall stand at the entering of the gate of the city , and shall declare his cause in the ears of the elders of that city , they shall take him into the city unto them , and give him a place , that he may dwell among them .
22 : 26 Therefore we said , Let us now prepare to build us an altar , not for burnt offering , nor for sacrifice : 22 : 27 But that it may be a witness between us , and you , and our generations after us , that we might do the service of the LORD before him with our burnt offerings , and with our sacrifices , and with our peace offerings ; that your children may not say to our children in time to come , Ye have no part in the LORD .
22 : 28 Therefore said we , that it shall be , when they should so say to us or to our generations in time to come , that we may say again , Behold the pattern of the altar of the LORD , which our fathers made , not for burnt offerings , nor for sacrifices ; but it is a witness between us and you .
1 : 3 And Judah said unto Simeon his brother , Come up with me into my lot , that we may fight against the Canaanites ; and I likewise will go with thee into thy lot .
2 : 20 And the anger of the LORD was hot against Israel ; and he said , Because that this people hath transgressed my covenant which I commanded their fathers , and have not hearkened unto my voice ; 2 : 21 I also will not henceforth drive out any from before them of the nations which Joshua left when he died : 2 : 22 That through them I may prove Israel , whether they will keep the way of the LORD to walk therein , as their fathers did keep it , or not .
6 : 30 Then the men of the city said unto Joash , Bring out thy son , that he may die : because he hath cast down the altar of Baal , and because he hath cut down the grove that was by it .
9 : 7 And when they told it to Jotham , he went and stood in the top of mount Gerizim , and lifted up his voice , and cried , and said unto them , Hearken unto me , ye men of Shechem , that God may hearken unto you .
9 : 32 Now therefore up by night , thou and the people that is with thee , and lie in wait in the field : 9 : 33 And it shall be , that in the morning , as soon as the sun is up , thou shalt rise early , and set upon the city : and , behold , when he and the people that is with him come out against thee , then mayest thou do to them as thou shalt find occasion .
11 : 5 And it was so , that when the children of Ammon made war against Israel , the elders of Gilead went to fetch Jephthah out of the land of Tob : 11 : 6 And they said unto Jephthah , Come , and be our captain , that we may fight with the children of Ammon .
11 : 8 And the elders of Gilead said unto Jephthah , Therefore we turn again to thee now , that thou mayest go with us , and fight against the children of Ammon , and be our head over all the inhabitants of Gilead .
11 : 37 And she said unto her father , Let this thing be done for me : let me alone two months , that I may go up and down upon the mountains , and bewail my virginity , I and my fellows .
13 : 14 She may not eat of any thing that cometh of the vine , neither let her drink wine or strong drink , nor eat any unclean thing : all that I commanded her let her observe .
13 : 17 And Manoah said unto the angel of the LORD , What is thy name , that when thy sayings come to pass we may do thee honour ?
And they said unto him , Put forth thy riddle , that we may hear it .
14 : 15 And it came to pass on the seventh day , that they said unto Samson ' s wife , Entice thy husband , that he may declare unto us the riddle , lest we burn thee and thy father ' s house with fire : have ye called us to take that we have ?
15 : 12 And they said unto him , We are come down to bind thee , that we may deliver thee into the hand of the Philistines .
16 : 5 And the lords of the Philistines came up unto her , and said unto her , Entice him , and see wherein his great strength lieth , and by what means we may prevail against him , that we may bind him to afflict him ; and we will give thee every one of us eleven hundred pieces of silver .
16 : 25 And it came to pass , when their hearts were merry , that they said , Call for Samson , that he may make us sport .
16 : 26 And Samson said unto the lad that held him by the hand , Suffer me that I may feel the pillars whereupon the house standeth , that I may lean upon them .
16 : 28 And Samson called unto the LORD , and said , O Lord God , remember me , I pray thee , and strengthen me , I pray thee , only this once , O God , that I may be at once avenged of the Philistines for my two eyes .
And he said unto him , I am a Levite of Bethlehemjudah , and I go to sojourn where I may find a place .
18 : 5 And they said unto him , Ask counsel , we pray thee , of God , that we may know whether our way which we go shall be prosperous .
18 : 9 And they said , Arise , that we may go up against them : for we have seen the land , and , behold , it is very good : and are ye still ?
19 : 9 And when the man rose up to depart , he , and his concubine , and his servant , his father in law , the damsel ' s father , said unto him , Behold , now the day draweth toward evening , I pray you tarry all night : behold , the day groweth to an end , lodge here , that thine heart may be merry ; and to morrow get you early on your way , that thou mayest go home .
19 : 22 Now as they were making their hearts merry , behold , the men of the city , certain sons of Belial , beset the house round about , and beat at the door , and spake to the master of the house , the old man , saying , Bring forth the man that came into thine house , that we may know him .
20 : 9 But now this shall be the thing which we will do to Gibeah ; we will go up by lot against it ; 20 : 10 And we will take ten men of an hundred throughout all the tribes of Israel , and an hundred of a thousand , and a thousand out of ten thousand , to fetch victual for the people , that they may do , when they come to Gibeah of Benjamin , according to all the folly that they have wrought in Israel .
20 : 13 Now therefore deliver us the men , the children of Belial , which are in Gibeah , that we may put them to death , and put away evil from Israel .
21 : 18 Howbeit we may not give them wives of our daughters : for the children of Israel have sworn , saying , Cursed be he that giveth a wife to Benjamin .
1 : 9 The LORD grant you that ye may find rest , each of you in the house of her husband .
are there yet any more sons in my womb , that they may be your husbands ?
2 : 15 And when she was risen up to glean , Boaz commanded his young men , saying , Let her glean even among the sheaves , and reproach her not : 2 : 16 And let fall also some of the handfuls of purpose for her , and leave them , that she may glean them , and rebuke her not .
3 : 1 Then Naomi her mother in law said unto her , My daughter , shall I not seek rest for thee , that it may be well with thee ?
If thou wilt redeem it , redeem it : but if thou wilt not redeem it , then tell me , that I may know : for there is none to redeem it beside thee ; and I am after thee .
4 : 14 And the women said unto Naomi , Blessed be the LORD , which hath not left thee this day without a kinsman , that his name may be famous in Israel .
1 : 22 But Hannah went not up ; for she said unto her husband , I will not go up until the child be weaned , and then I will bring him , that he may appear before the LORD , and there abide for ever .
2 : 36 And it shall come to pass , that every one that is left in thine house shall come and crouch to him for a piece of silver and a morsel of bread , and shall say , Put me , I pray thee , into one of the priests ' offices , that I may eat a piece of bread .
Let us fetch the ark of the covenant of the LORD out of Shiloh unto us , that , when it cometh among us , it may save us out of the hand of our enemies .
6 : 7 Now therefore make a new cart , and take two milch kine , on which there hath come no yoke , and tie the kine to the cart , and bring their calves home from them : 6 : 8 And take the ark of the LORD , and lay it upon the cart ; and put the jewels of gold , which ye return him for a trespass offering , in a coffer by the side thereof ; and send it away , that it may go .
8 : 19 Nevertheless the people refused to obey the voice of Samuel ; and they said , Nay ; but we will have a king over us ; 8 : 20 That we also may be like all the nations ; and that our king may judge us , and go out before us , and fight our battles .
9 : 15 Now the LORD had told Samuel in his ear a day before Saul came , saying , 9 : 16 To morrow about this time I will send thee a man out of the land of Benjamin , and thou shalt anoint him to be captain over my people Israel , that he may save my people out of the hand of the Philistines : for I have looked upon my people , because their cry is come unto me .
9 : 26 And they arose early : and it came to pass about the spring of the day , that Samuel called Saul to the top of the house , saying , Up , that I may send thee away .
9 : 27 And as they were going down to the end of the city , Samuel said to Saul , Bid the servant pass on before us , ( and he passed on ), but stand thou still a while , that I may shew thee the word of God .
11 : 2 And Nahash the Ammonite answered them , On this condition will I make a covenant with you , that I may thrust out all your right eyes , and lay it for a reproach upon all Israel .
11 : 3 And the elders of Jabesh said unto him , Give us seven days ' respite , that we may send messengers unto all the coasts of Israel : and then , if there be no man to save us , we will come out to thee .
bring the men , that we may put them to death .
12 : 7 Now therefore stand still , that I may reason with you before the LORD of all the righteous acts of the LORD , which he did to you and to your fathers .
I will call unto the LORD , and he shall send thunder and rain ; that ye may perceive and see that your wickedness is great , which ye have done in the sight of the LORD , in asking you a king .
14 : 6 And Jonathan said to the young man that bare his armour , Come , and let us go over unto the garrison of these uncircumcised : it may be that the LORD will work for us : for there is no restraint to the LORD to save by many or by few .
14 : 24 And the men of Israel were distressed that day : for Saul had adjured the people , saying , Cursed be the man that eateth any food until evening , that I may be avenged on mine enemies .
15 : 25 Now therefore , I pray thee , pardon my sin , and turn again with me , that I may worship the LORD .
15 : 30 Then he said , I have sinned : yet honour me now , I pray thee , before the elders of my people , and before Israel , and turn again with me , that I may worship the LORD thy God .
17 : 10 And the Philistine said , I defy the armies of Israel this day ; give me a man , that we may fight together .
17 : 46 This day will the LORD deliver thee into mine hand ; and I will smite thee , and take thine head from thee ; and I will give the carcases of the host of the Philistines this day unto the fowls of the air , and to the wild beasts of the earth ; that all the earth may know that there is a God in Israel .
18 : 21 And Saul said , I will give him her , that she may be a snare to him , and that the hand of the Philistines may be against him .
19 : 15 And Saul sent the messengers again to see David , saying , Bring him up to me in the bed , that I may slay him .
20 : 5 And David said unto Jonathan , Behold , to morrow is the new moon , and I should not fail to sit with the king at meat : but let me go , that I may hide myself in the field unto the third day at even .
20 : 12 And Jonathan said unto David , O LORD God of Israel , when I have sounded my father about to morrow any time , or the third day , and , behold , if there be good toward David , and I then send not unto thee , and shew it thee ; 20 : 13 The LORD do so and much more to Jonathan : but if it please my father to do thee evil , then I will shew it thee , and send thee away , that thou mayest go in peace : and the LORD be with thee , as he hath been with my father .
24 : 4 And the men of David said unto him , Behold the day of which the LORD said unto thee , Behold , I will deliver thine enemy into thine hand , that thou mayest do to him as it shall seem good unto thee .
27 : 5 And David said unto Achish , If I have now found grace in thine eyes , let them give me a place in some town in the country , that I may dwell there : for why should thy servant dwell in the royal city with thee ?
28 : 7 Then said Saul unto his servants , Seek me a woman that hath a familiar spirit , that I may go to her , and enquire of her .
And Saul answered , I am sore distressed ; for the Philistines make war against me , and God is departed from me , and answereth me no more , neither by prophets , nor by dreams : therefore I have called thee , that thou mayest make known unto me what I shall do .
28 : 22 Now therefore , I pray thee , hearken thou also unto the voice of thine handmaid , and let me set a morsel of bread before thee ; and eat , that thou mayest have strength , when thou goest on thy way .
29 : 4 And the princes of the Philistines were wroth with him ; and the princes of the Philistines said unto him , Make this fellow return , that he may go again to his place which thou hast appointed him , and let him not go down with us to battle , lest in the battle he be an adversary to us : for wherewith should he reconcile himself unto his master ?
and what hast thou found in thy servant so long as I have been with thee unto this day , that I may not go fight against the enemies of my lord the king ?
30 : 22 Then answered all the wicked men and men of Belial , of those that went with David , and said , Because they went not with us , we will not give them ought of the spoil that we have recovered , save to every man his wife and his children , that they may lead them away , and depart .
3 : 21 And Abner said unto David , I will arise and go , and will gather all Israel unto my lord the king , that they may make a league with thee , and that thou mayest reign over all that thine heart desireth .
7 : 10 Moreover I will appoint a place for my people Israel , and will plant them , that they may dwell in a place of their own , and move no more ; neither shall the children of wickedness afflict them any more , as beforetime , 7 : 11 And as since the time that I commanded judges to be over my people Israel , and have caused thee to rest from all thine enemies .
7 : 28 And now , O Lord GOD , thou art that God , and thy words be true , and thou hast promised this goodness unto thy servant : 7 : 29 Therefore now let it please thee to bless the house of thy servant , that it may continue for ever before thee : for thou , O Lord GOD , hast spoken it : and with thy blessing let the house of thy servant be blessed for ever .
9 : 1 And David said , Is there yet any that is left of the house of Saul , that I may shew him kindness for Jonathan ' s sake ?
9 : 3 And the king said , Is there not yet any of the house of Saul , that I may shew the kindness of God unto him ?
9 : 10 Thou therefore , and thy sons , and thy servants , shall till the land for him , and thou shalt bring in the fruits , that thy master ' s son may have food to eat : but Mephibosheth thy master ' s son shall eat bread alway at my table .
11 : 15 And he wrote in the letter , saying , Set ye Uriah in the forefront of the hottest battle , and retire ye from him , that he may be smitten , and die .
12 : 22 And he said , While the child was yet alive , I fasted and wept : for I said , Who can tell whether GOD will be gracious to me , that the child may live ?
13 : 5 And Jonadab said unto him , Lay thee down on thy bed , and make thyself sick : and when thy father cometh to see thee , say unto him , I pray thee , let my sister Tamar come , and give me meat , and dress the meat in my sight , that I may see it , and eat it at her hand .
13 : 6 So Amnon lay down , and made himself sick : and when the king was come to see him , Amnon said unto the king , I pray thee , let Tamar my sister come , and make me a couple of cakes in my sight , that I may eat at her hand .
13 : 10 And Amnon said unto Tamar , Bring the meat into the chamber , that I may eat of thine hand .
14 : 7 And , behold , the whole family is risen against thine handmaid , and they said , Deliver him that smote his brother , that we may kill him , for the life of his brother whom he slew ; and we will destroy the heir also : and so they shall quench my coal which is left , and shall not leave to my husband neither name nor remainder upon the earth .
14 : 15 Now therefore that I am come to speak of this thing unto my lord the king , it is because the people have made me afraid : and thy handmaid said , I will now speak unto the king ; it may be that the king will perform the request of his handmaid .
14 : 32 And Absalom answered Joab , Behold , I sent unto thee , saying , Come hither , that I may send thee to the king , to say , Wherefore am I come from Geshur ?
seeing I go whither I may , return thou , and take back thy brethren : mercy and truth be with thee .
15 : 32 And it came to pass , that when David was come to the top of the mount , where he worshipped God , behold , Hushai the Archite came to meet him with his coat rent , and earth upon his head : 15 : 33 Unto whom David said , If thou passest on with me , then thou shalt be a burden unto me : 15 : 34 But if thou return to the city , and say unto Absalom , I will be thy servant , O king ; as I have been thy father ' s servant hitherto , so will I now also be thy servant : then mayest thou for me defeat the counsel of Ahithophel .
And Ziba said , The asses be for the king ' s household to ride on ; and the bread and summer fruit for the young men to eat ; and the wine , that such as be faint in the wilderness may drink .
And Ziba said , I humbly beseech thee that I may find grace in thy sight , my lord , O king .
16 : 11 And David said to Abishai , and to all his servants , Behold , my son , which came forth of my bowels , seeketh my life : how much more now may this Benjamite do it ?
16 : 12 It may be that the LORD will look on mine affliction , and that the LORD will requite me good for his cursing this day .
18 : 14 Then said Joab , I may not tarry thus with thee .
19 : 26 And he answered , My lord , O king , my servant deceived me : for thy servant said , I will saddle me an ass , that I may ride thereon , and go to the king ; because thy servant is lame .
19 : 37 Let thy servant , I pray thee , turn back again , that I may die in mine own city , and be buried by the grave of my father and of my mother .
20 : 16 Then cried a wise woman out of the city , Hear , hear ; say , I pray you , unto Joab , Come near hither , that I may speak with thee .
and wherewith shall I make the atonement , that ye may bless the inheritance of the LORD ?
22 : 28 And the afflicted people thou wilt save : but thine eyes are upon the haughty , that thou mayest bring them down .
24 : 2 For the king said to Joab the captain of the host , which was with him , Go now through all the tribes of Israel , from Dan even to Beersheba , and number ye the people , that I may know the number of the people .
24 : 3 And Joab said unto the king , Now the LORD thy God add unto the people , how many soever they be , an hundredfold , and that the eyes of my lord the king may see it : but why doth my lord the king delight in this thing ?
24 : 11 For when David was up in the morning , the word of the LORD came unto the prophet Gad , David ' s seer , saying , 24 : 12 Go and say unto David , Thus saith the LORD , I offer thee three things ; choose thee one of them , that I may do it unto thee .
And David said , To buy the threshingfloor of thee , to build an altar unto the LORD , that the plague may be stayed from the people .
1 : 2 Wherefore his servants said unto him , Let there be sought for my lord the king a young virgin : and let her stand before the king , and let her cherish him , and let her lie in thy bosom , that my lord the king may get heat .
1 : 12 Now therefore come , let me , I pray thee , give thee counsel , that thou mayest save thine own life , and the life of thy son Solomon .
1 : 35 Then ye shall come up after him , that he may come and sit upon my throne ; for he shall be king in my stead : and I have appointed him to be ruler over Israel and over Judah .
2 : 1 Now the days of David drew nigh that he should die ; and he charged Solomon his son , saying , 2 : 2 I go the way of all the earth : be thou strong therefore , and shew thyself a man ; 2 : 3 And keep the charge of the LORD thy God , to walk in his ways , to keep his statutes , and his commandments , and his judgments , and his testimonies , as it is written in the law of Moses , that thou mayest prosper in all that thou doest , and whithersoever thou turnest thyself : 2 : 4 That the LORD may continue his word which he spake concerning me , saying , If thy children take heed to their way , to walk before me in truth with all their heart and with all their soul , there shall not fail thee ( said he ) a man on the throne of Israel .
2 : 31 And the king said unto him , Do as he hath said , and fall upon him , and bury him ; that thou mayest take away the innocent blood , which Joab shed , from me , and from the house of my father .
3 : 9 Give therefore thy servant an understanding heart to judge thy people , that I may discern between good and bad : for who is able to judge this thy so great a people ?
8 : 28 Yet have thou respect unto the prayer of thy servant , and to his supplication , O LORD my God , to hearken unto the cry and to the prayer , which thy servant prayeth before thee to day : 8 : 29 That thine eyes may be open toward this house night and day , even toward the place of which thou hast said , My name shall be there : that thou mayest hearken unto the prayer which thy servant shall make toward this place .
8 : 37 If there be in the land famine , if there be pestilence , blasting , mildew , locust , or if there be caterpiller ; if their enemy besiege them in the land of their cities ; whatsoever plague , whatsoever sickness there be ; 8 : 38 What prayer and supplication soever be made by any man , or by all thy people Israel , which shall know every man the plague of his own heart , and spread forth his hands toward this house : 8 : 39 Then hear thou in heaven thy dwelling place , and forgive , and do , and give to every man according to his ways , whose heart thou knowest ; ( for thou , even thou only , knowest the hearts of all the children of men ;) 8 : 40 That they may fear thee all the days that they live in the land which thou gavest unto our fathers .
8 : 41 Moreover concerning a stranger , that is not of thy people Israel , but cometh out of a far country for thy name ' s sake ; 8 : 42 ( For they shall hear of thy great name , and of thy strong hand , and of thy stretched out arm ;) when he shall come and pray toward this house ; 8 : 43 Hear thou in heaven thy dwelling place , and do according to all that the stranger calleth to thee for : that all people of the earth may know thy name , to fear thee , as do thy people Israel ; and that they may know that this house , which I have builded , is called by thy name .
8 : 46 If they sin against thee , ( for there is no man that sinneth not ,) and thou be angry with them , and deliver them to the enemy , so that they carry them away captives unto the land of the enemy , far or near ; 8 : 47 Yet if they shall bethink themselves in the land whither they were carried captives , and repent , and make supplication unto thee in the land of them that carried them captives , saying , We have sinned , and have done perversely , we have committed wickedness ; 8 : 48 And so return unto thee with all their heart , and with all their soul , in the land of their enemies , which led them away captive , and pray unto thee toward their land , which thou gavest unto their fathers , the city which thou hast chosen , and the house which I have built for thy name : 8 : 49 Then hear thou their prayer and their supplication in heaven thy dwelling place , and maintain their cause , 8 : 50 And forgive thy people that have sinned against thee , and all their transgressions wherein they have transgressed against thee , and give them compassion before them who carried them captive , that they may have compassion on them : 8 : 51 For they be thy people , and thine inheritance , which thou broughtest forth out of Egypt , from the midst of the furnace of iron : 8 : 52 That thine eyes may be open unto the supplication of thy servant , and unto the supplication of thy people Israel , to hearken unto them in all that they call for unto thee .
8 : 57 The LORD our God be with us , as he was with our fathers : let him not leave us , nor forsake us : 8 : 58 That he may incline our hearts unto him , to walk in all his ways , and to keep his commandments , and his statutes , and his judgments , which he commanded our fathers .
8 : 59 And let these my words , wherewith I have made supplication before the LORD , be nigh unto the LORD our God day and night , that he maintain the cause of his servant , and the cause of his people Israel at all times , as the matter shall require : 8 : 60 That all the people of the earth may know that the LORD is God , and that there is none else .
11 : 21 And when Hadad heard in Egypt that David slept with his fathers , and that Joab the captain of the host was dead , Hadad said to Pharaoh , Let me depart , that I may go to mine own country .
11 : 36 And unto his son will I give one tribe , that David my servant may have a light alway before me in Jerusalem , the city which I have chosen me to put my name there .
12 : 6 And king Rehoboam consulted with the old men , that stood before Solomon his father while he yet lived , and said , How do ye advise that I may answer this people ?
12 : 8 But he forsook the counsel of the old men , which they had given him , and consulted with the young men that were grown up with him , and which stood before him : 12 : 9 And he said unto them , What counsel give ye that we may answer this people , who have spoken to me , saying , Make the yoke which thy father did put upon us lighter ?
13 : 6 And the king answered and said unto the man of God , Intreat now the face of the LORD thy God , and pray for me , that my hand may be restored me again .
13 : 16 And he said , I may not return with thee , nor go in with thee : neither will I eat bread nor drink water with thee in this place : 13 : 17 For it was said to me by the word of the LORD , Thou shalt eat no bread nor drink water there , nor turn again to go by the way that thou camest .
13 : 18 He said unto him , I am a prophet also as thou art ; and an angel spake unto me by the word of the LORD , saying , Bring him back with thee into thine house , that he may eat bread and drink water .
15 : 18 Then Asa took all the silver and the gold that were left in the treasures of the house of the LORD , and the treasures of the king ' s house , and delivered them into the hand of his servants : and king Asa sent them to Benhadad , the son of Tabrimon , the son of Hezion , king of Syria , that dwelt at Damascus , saying , 15 : 19 There is a league between me and thee , and between my father and thy father : behold , I have sent unto thee a present of silver and gold ; come and break thy league with Baasha king of Israel , that he may depart from me .
And when he came to the gate of the city , behold , the widow woman was there gathering of sticks : and he called to her , and said , Fetch me , I pray thee , a little water in a vessel , that I may drink .
17 : 12 And she said , As the LORD thy God liveth , I have not a cake , but an handful of meal in a barrel , and a little oil in a cruse : and , behold , I am gathering two sticks , that I may go in and dress it for me and my son , that we may eat it , and die .
18 : 5 And Ahab said unto Obadiah , Go into the land , unto all fountains of water , and unto all brooks : peradventure we may find grass to save the horses and mules alive , that we lose not all the beasts .
18 : 37 Hear me , O LORD , hear me , that this people may know that thou art the LORD God , and that thou hast turned their heart back again .
20 : 9 Wherefore he said unto the messengers of Benhadad , Tell my lord the king , All that thou didst send for to thy servant at the first I will do : but this thing I may not do .
21 : 2 And Ahab spake unto Naboth , saying , Give me thy vineyard , that I may have it for a garden of herbs , because it is near unto my house : and I will give thee for it a better vineyard than it ; or , if it seem good to thee , I will give thee the worth of it in money .
And then carry him out , and stone him , that he may die .
22 : 8 And the king of Israel said unto Jehoshaphat , There is yet one man , Micaiah the son of Imlah , by whom we may enquire of the LORD : but I hate him ; for he doth not prophesy good concerning me , but evil .
22 : 20 And the LORD said , Who shall persuade Ahab , that he may go up and fall at Ramothgilead ?
3 : 11 But Jehoshaphat said , Is there not here a prophet of the LORD , that we may enquire of the LORD by him ?
3 : 17 For thus saith the LORD , Ye shall not see wind , neither shall ye see rain ; yet that valley shall be filled with water , that ye may drink , both ye , and your cattle , and your beasts .
4 : 22 And she called unto her husband , and said , Send me , I pray thee , one of the young men , and one of the asses , that I may run to the man of God , and come again .
And he cast it into the pot ; and he said , Pour out for the people , that they may eat .
And he said , Give unto the people , that they may eat .
He said again , Give the people , that they may eat : for thus saith the LORD , They shall eat , and shall leave thereof .
5 : 6 And he brought the letter to the king of Israel , saying , Now when this letter is come unto thee , behold , I have therewith sent Naaman my servant to thee , that thou mayest recover him of his leprosy .
may I not wash in them , and be clean ?
6 : 2 Let us go , we pray thee , unto Jordan , and take thence every man a beam , and let us make us a place there , where we may dwell .
6 : 13 And he said , Go and spy where he is , that I may send and fetch him .
6 : 17 And Elisha prayed , and said , LORD , I pray thee , open his eyes , that he may see .
6 : 20 And it came to pass , when they were come into Samaria , that Elisha said , LORD , open the eyes of these men , that they may see .
set bread and water before them , that they may eat and drink , and go to their master .
And she answered , This woman said unto me , Give thy son , that we may eat him to day , and we will eat my son to morrow .
6 : 29 So we boiled my son , and did eat him : and I said unto her on the next day , Give thy son , that we may eat him : and she hath hid her son .
7 : 9 Then they said one to another , We do not well : this day is a day of good tidings , and we hold our peace : if we tarry till the morning light , some mischief will come upon us : now therefore come , that we may go and tell the king ' s household .
8 : 10 And Elisha said unto him , Go , say unto him , Thou mayest certainly recover : howbeit the LORD hath shewed me that he shall surely die .
9 : 7 And thou shalt smite the house of Ahab thy master , that I may avenge the blood of my servants the prophets , and the blood of all the servants of the LORD , at the hand of Jezebel .
hath he not sent me to the men which sit on the wall , that they may eat their own dung , and drink their own piss with you ?
18 : 31 Hearken not to Hezekiah : for thus saith the king of Assyria , Make an agreement with me by a present , and come out to me , and then eat ye every man of his own vine , and every one of his fig tree , and drink ye every one the waters of his cistern : 18 : 32 Until I come and take you away to a land like your own land , a land of corn and wine , a land of bread and vineyards , a land of oil olive and of honey , that ye may live , and not die : and hearken not unto Hezekiah , when he persuadeth you , saying , The LORD will deliver us .
19 : 4 It may be the LORD thy God will hear all the words of Rabshakeh , whom the king of Assyria his master hath sent to reproach the living God ; and will reprove the words which the LORD thy God hath heard : wherefore lift up thy prayer for the remnant that are left .
19 : 19 Now therefore , O LORD our God , I beseech thee , save thou us out of his hand , that all the kingdoms of the earth may know that thou art the LORD God , even thou only .
22 : 3 And it came to pass in the eighteenth year of king Josiah , that the king sent Shaphan the son of Azaliah , the son of Meshullam , the scribe , to the house of the LORD , saying , 22 : 4 Go up to Hilkiah the high priest , that he may sum the silver which is brought into the house of the LORD , which the keepers of the door have gathered of the people : 22 : 5 And let them deliver it into the hand of the doers of the work , that have the oversight of the house of the LORD : and let them give it to the doers of the work which is in the house of the LORD , to repair the breaches of the house , 22 : 6 Unto carpenters , and builders , and masons , and to buy timber and hewn stone to repair the house .
4 : 10 And Jabez called on the God of Israel , saying , Oh that thou wouldest bless me indeed , and enlarge my coast , and that thine hand might be with me , and that thou wouldest keep me from evil , that it may not grieve me !
13 : 2 And David said unto all the congregation of Israel , If it seem good unto you , and that it be of the LORD our God , let us send abroad unto our brethren every where , that are left in all the land of Israel , and with them also to the priests and Levites which are in their cities and suburbs , that they may gather themselves unto us : 13 : 3 And let us bring again the ark of our God to us : for we enquired not at it in the days of Saul .
15 : 11 And David called for Zadok and Abiathar the priests , and for the Levites , for Uriel , Asaiah , and Joel , Shemaiah , and Eliel , and Amminadab , 15 : 12 And said unto them , Ye are the chief of the fathers of the Levites : sanctify yourselves , both ye and your brethren , that ye may bring up the ark of the LORD God of Israel unto the place that I have prepared for it .
16 : 35 And say ye , Save us , O God of our salvation , and gather us together , and deliver us from the heathen , that we may give thanks to thy holy name , and glory in thy praise .
17 : 24 Let it even be established , that thy name may be magnified for ever , saying , The LORD of hosts is the God of Israel , even a God to Israel : and let the house of David thy servant be established before thee .
17 : 26 And now , LORD , thou art God , and hast promised this goodness unto thy servant : 17 : 27 Now therefore let it please thee to bless the house of thy servant , that it may be before thee for ever : for thou blessest , O LORD , and it shall be blessed for ever .
21 : 2 And David said to Joab and to the rulers of the people , Go , number Israel from Beersheba even to Dan ; and bring the number of them to me , that I may know it .
21 : 9 And the LORD spake unto Gad , David ' s seer , saying , 21 : 10 Go and tell David , saying , Thus saith the LORD , I offer thee three things : choose thee one of them , that I may do it unto thee .
21 : 22 Then David said to Ornan , Grant me the place of this threshingfloor , that I may build an altar therein unto the LORD : thou shalt grant it me for the full price : that the plague may be stayed from the people .
22 : 12 Only the LORD give thee wisdom and understanding , and give thee charge concerning Israel , that thou mayest keep the law of the LORD thy God .
22 : 14 Now , behold , in my trouble I have prepared for the house of the LORD an hundred thousand talents of gold , and a thousand thousand talents of silver ; and of brass and iron without weight ; for it is in abundance : timber also and stone have I prepared ; and thou mayest add thereto .
23 : 25 For David said , The LORD God of Israel hath given rest unto his people , that they may dwell in Jerusalem for ever : 23 : 26 And also unto the Levites ; they shall no more carry the tabernacle , nor any vessels of it for the service thereof .
28 : 8 Now therefore in the sight of all Israel the congregation of the LORD , and in the audience of our God , keep and seek for all the commandments of the LORD your God : that ye may possess this good land , and leave it for an inheritance for your children after you for ever .
1 : 10 Give me now wisdom and knowledge , that I may go out and come in before this people : for who can judge this thy people , that is so great ?
1 : 11 And God said to Solomon , Because this was in thine heart , and thou hast not asked riches , wealth , or honour , nor the life of thine enemies , neither yet hast asked long life ; but hast asked wisdom and knowledge for thyself , that thou mayest judge my people , over whom I have made thee king : 1 : 12 Wisdom and knowledge is granted unto thee ; and I will give thee riches , and wealth , and honour , such as none of the kings have had that have been before thee , neither shall there any after thee have the like .
6 : 19 Have respect therefore to the prayer of thy servant , and to his supplication , O LORD my God , to hearken unto the cry and the prayer which thy servant prayeth before thee : 6 : 20 That thine eyes may be open upon this house day and night , upon the place whereof thou hast said that thou wouldest put thy name there ; to hearken unto the prayer which thy servant prayeth toward this place .
6 : 28 If there be dearth in the land , if there be pestilence , if there be blasting , or mildew , locusts , or caterpillers ; if their enemies besiege them in the cities of their land ; whatsoever sore or whatsoever sickness there be : 6 : 29 Then what prayer or what supplication soever shall be made of any man , or of all thy people Israel , when every one shall know his own sore and his own grief , and shall spread forth his hands in this house : 6 : 30 Then hear thou from heaven thy dwelling place , and forgive , and render unto every man according unto all his ways , whose heart thou knowest ; ( for thou only knowest the hearts of the children of men :) 6 : 31 That they may fear thee , to walk in thy ways , so long as they live in the land which thou gavest unto our fathers .
6 : 32 Moreover concerning the stranger , which is not of thy people Israel , but is come from a far country for thy great name ' s sake , and thy mighty hand , and thy stretched out arm ; if they come and pray in this house ; 6 : 33 Then hear thou from the heavens , even from thy dwelling place , and do according to all that the stranger calleth to thee for ; that all people of the earth may know thy name , and fear thee , as doth thy people Israel , and may know that this house which I have built is called by thy name .
7 : 16 For now have I chosen and sanctified this house , that my name may be there for ever : and mine eyes and mine heart shall be there perpetually .
10 : 9 And he said unto them , What advice give ye that we may return answer to this people , which have spoken to me , saying , Ease somewhat the yoke that thy father did put upon us ?
12 : 8 Nevertheless they shall be his servants ; that they may know my service , and the service of the kingdoms of the countries .
so that whosoever cometh to consecrate himself with a young bullock and seven rams , the same may be a priest of them that are no gods .
16 : 2 Then Asa brought out silver and gold out of the treasures of the house of the LORD and of the king ' s house , and sent to Benhadad king of Syria , that dwelt at Damascus , saying , 16 : 3 There is a league between me and thee , as there was between my father and thy father : behold , I have sent thee silver and gold ; go , break thy league with Baasha king of Israel , that he may depart from me .
18 : 7 And the king of Israel said unto Jehoshaphat , There is yet one man , by whom we may enquire of the LORD : but I hate him ; for he never prophesied good unto me , but always evil : the same is Micaiah the son of Imla .
18 : 19 And the LORD said , Who shall entice Ahab king of Israel , that he may go up and fall at Ramothgilead ?
18 : 33 And a certain man drew a bow at a venture , and smote the king of Israel between the joints of the harness : therefore he said to his chariot man , Turn thine hand , that thou mayest carry me out of the host ; for I am wounded .
28 : 23 For he sacrificed unto the gods of Damascus , which smote him : and he said , Because the gods of the kings of Syria help them , therefore will I sacrifice to them , that they may help me .
29 : 10 Now it is in mine heart to make a covenant with the LORD God of Israel , that his fierce wrath may turn away from us .
30 : 8 Now be ye not stiffnecked , as your fathers were , but yield yourselves unto the LORD , and enter into his sanctuary , which he hath sanctified for ever : and serve the LORD your God , that the fierceness of his wrath may turn away from you .
35 : 6 So kill the passover , and sanctify yourselves , and prepare your brethren , that they may do according to the word of the LORD by the hand of Moses .
4 : 14 Now because we have maintenance from the king ' s palace , and it was not meet for us to see the king ' s dishonour , therefore have we sent and certified the king ; 4 : 15 That search may be made in the book of the records of thy fathers : so shalt thou find in the book of the records , and know that this city is a rebellious city , and hurtful unto kings and provinces , and that they have moved sedition within the same of old time : for which cause was this city destroyed .
6 : 9 And that which they have need of , both young bullocks , and rams , and lambs , for the burnt offerings of the God of heaven , wheat , salt , wine , and oil , according to the appointment of the priests which are at Jerusalem , let it be given them day by day without fail : 6 : 10 That they may offer sacrifices of sweet savours unto the God of heaven , and pray for the life of the king , and of his sons .
7 : 14 Forasmuch as thou art sent of the king , and of his seven counsellors , to enquire concerning Judah and Jerusalem , according to the law of thy God which is in thine hand ; 7 : 15 And to carry the silver and gold , which the king and his counsellors have freely offered unto the God of Israel , whose habitation is in Jerusalem , 7 : 16 And all the silver and gold that thou canst find in all the province of Babylon , with the freewill offering of the people , and of the priests , offering willingly for the house of their God which is in Jerusalem : 7 : 17 That thou mayest buy speedily with this money bullocks , rams , lambs , with their meat offerings and their drink offerings , and offer them upon the altar of the house of your God which is in Jerusalem .
7 : 25 And thou , Ezra , after the wisdom of thy God , that is in thine hand , set magistrates and judges , which may judge all the people that are beyond the river , all such as know the laws of thy God ; and teach ye them that know them not .
9 : 8 And now for a little space grace hath been shewed from the LORD our God , to leave us a remnant to escape , and to give us a nail in his holy place , that our God may lighten our eyes , and give us a little reviving in our bondage .
9 : 12 Now therefore give not your daughters unto their sons , neither take their daughters unto your sons , nor seek their peace or their wealth for ever : that ye may be strong , and eat the good of the land , and leave it for an inheritance to your children for ever .
1 : 4 And it came to pass , when I heard these words , that I sat down and wept , and mourned certain days , and fasted , and prayed before the God of heaven , 1 : 5 And said , I beseech thee , O LORD God of heaven , the great and terrible God , that keepeth covenant and mercy for them that love him and observe his commandments : 1 : 6 Let thine ear now be attentive , and thine eyes open , that thou mayest hear the prayer of thy servant , which I pray before thee now , day and night , for the children of Israel thy servants , and confess the sins of the children of Israel , which we have sinned against thee : both I and my father ' s house have sinned .
2 : 5 And I said unto the king , If it please the king , and if thy servant have found favour in thy sight , that thou wouldest send me unto Judah , unto the city of my fathers ' sepulchres , that I may build it .
2 : 7 Moreover I said unto the king , If it please the king , let letters be given me to the governors beyond the river , that they may convey me over till I come into Judah ; 2 : 8 And a letter unto Asaph the keeper of the king ' s forest , that he may give me timber to make beams for the gates of the palace which appertained to the house , and for the wall of the city , and for the house that I shall enter into .
4 : 22 Likewise at the same time said I unto the people , Let every one with his servant lodge within Jerusalem , that in the night they may be a guard to us , and labour on the day .
5 : 2 For there were that said , We , our sons , and our daughters , are many : therefore we take up corn for them , that we may eat , and live .
6 : 5 Then sent Sanballat his servant unto me in like manner the fifth time with an open letter in his hand ; 6 : 6 Wherein was written , It is reported among the heathen , and Gashmu saith it , that thou and the Jews think to rebel : for which cause thou buildest the wall , that thou mayest be their king , according to these words .
2 : 2 Then said the king ' s servants that ministered unto him , Let there be fair young virgins sought for the king : 2 : 3 And let the king appoint officers in all the provinces of his kingdom , that they may gather together all the fair young virgins unto Shushan the palace , to the house of the women , unto the custody of Hege the king ' s chamberlain , keeper of the women ; and let their things for purification be given them : 2 : 4 And let the maiden which pleaseth the king be queen instead of Vashti .
3 : 9 If it please the king , let it be written that they may be destroyed : and I will pay ten thousand talents of silver to the hands of those that have the charge of the business , to bring it into the king ' s treasuries .
4 : 10 Again Esther spake unto Hatach , and gave him commandment unto Mordecai ; 4 : 11 All the king ' s servants , and the people of the king ' s provinces , do know , that whosoever , whether man or women , shall come unto the king into the inner court , who is not called , there is one law of his to put him to death , except such to whom the king shall hold out the golden sceptre , that he may live : but I have not been called to come in unto the king these thirty days .
5 : 5 Then the king said , Cause Haman to make haste , that he may do as Esther hath said .
5 : 14 Then said Zeresh his wife and all his friends unto him , Let a gallows be made of fifty cubits high , and to morrow speak thou unto the king that Mordecai may be hanged thereon : then go thou in merrily with the king unto the banquet .
6 : 7 And Haman answered the king , For the man whom the king delighteth to honour , 6 : 8 Let the royal apparel be brought which the king useth to wear , and the horse that the king rideth upon , and the crown royal which is set upon his head : 6 : 9 And let this apparel and horse be delivered to the hand of one of the king ' s most noble princes , that they may array the man withal whom the king delighteth to honour , and bring him on horseback through the street of the city , and proclaim before him , Thus shall it be done to the man whom the king delighteth to honour .
8 : 8 Write ye also for the Jews , as it liketh you , in the king ' s name , and seal it with the king ' s ring : for the writing which is written in the king ' s name , and sealed with the king ' s ring , may no man reverse .
1 : 5 And it was so , when the days of their feasting were gone about , that Job sent and sanctified them , and rose up early in the morning , and offered burnt offerings according to the number of them all : for Job said , It may be that my sons have sinned , and cursed God in their hearts .
5 : 8 I would seek unto God , and unto God would I commit my cause : 5 : 9 Which doeth great things and unsearchable ; marvellous things without number : 5 : 10 Who giveth rain upon the earth , and sendeth waters upon the fields : 5 : 11 To set up on high those that be low ; that those which mourn may be exalted to safety .
cease then , and let me alone , that I may take comfort a little , 10 : 21 Before I go whence I shall not return , even to the land of darkness and the shadow of death ; 10 : 22 A land of darkness , as darkness itself ; and of the shadow of death , without any order , and where the light is as darkness .
13 : 13 Hold your peace , let me alone , that I may speak , and let come on me what will .
14 : 5 Seeing his days are determined , the number of his months are with thee , thou hast appointed his bounds that he cannot pass ; 14 : 6 Turn from him , that he may rest , till he shall accomplish , as an hireling , his day .
19 : 29 Be ye afraid of the sword : for wrath bringeth the punishments of the sword , that ye may know there is a judgment .
21 : 3 Suffer me that I may speak ; and after that I have spoken , mock on .
22 : 1 Then Eliphaz the Temanite answered and said , 22 : 2 Can a man be profitable unto God , as he that is wise may be profitable unto himself ?
27 : 16 Though he heap up silver as the dust , and prepare raiment as the clay ; 27 : 17 He may prepare it , but the just shall put it on , and the innocent shall divide the silver .
31 : 5 If I have walked with vanity , or if my foot hath hasted to deceit ; 31 : 6 Let me be weighed in an even balance that God may know mine integrity .
32 : 20 I will speak , that I may be refreshed : I will open my lips and answer .
33 : 15 In a dream , in a vision of the night , when deep sleep falleth upon men , in slumberings upon the bed ; 33 : 16 Then he openeth the ears of men , and sealeth their instruction , 33 : 17 That he may withdraw man from his purpose , and hide pride from man .
34 : 22 There is no darkness , nor shadow of death , where the workers of iniquity may hide themselves .
34 : 36 My desire is that Job may be tried unto the end because of his answers for wicked men .
35 : 8 Thy wickedness may hurt a man as thou art ; and thy righteousness may profit the son of man .
36 : 25 Every man may see it ; man may behold it afar off .
37 : 7 He sealeth up the hand of every man ; that all men may know his work .
37 : 11 Also by watering he wearieth the thick cloud : he scattereth his bright cloud : 37 : 12 And it is turned round about by his counsels : that they may do whatsoever he commandeth them upon the face of the world in the earth .
38 : 34 Canst thou lift up thy voice to the clouds , that abundance of waters may cover thee ?
38 : 35 Canst thou send lightnings , that they may go and say unto thee , Here we are ?
39 : 14 Which leaveth her eggs in the earth , and warmeth them in dust , 39 : 15 And forgetteth that the foot may crush them , or that the wild beast may break them .
wilt thou condemn me , that thou mayest be righteous ?
9 : 14 That I may shew forth all thy praise in the gates of the daughter of Zion : I will rejoice in thy salvation .
9 : 20 Put them in fear , O LORD : that the nations may know themselves to be but men .
10 : 10 He croucheth , and humbleth himself , that the poor may fall by his strong ones .
10 : 18 To judge the fatherless and the oppressed , that the man of the earth may no more oppress .
11 : 2 For , lo , the wicked bend their bow , they make ready their arrow upon the string , that they may privily shoot at the upright in heart .
22 : 17 I may tell all my bones : they look and stare upon me .
26 : 7 That I may publish with the voice of thanksgiving , and tell of all thy wondrous works .
27 : 4 One thing have I desired of the LORD , that will I seek after ; that I may dwell in the house of the LORD all the days of my life , to behold the beauty of the LORD , and to enquire in his temple .
30 : 5 For his anger endureth but a moment ; in his favour is life : weeping may endure for a night , but joy cometh in the morning .
30 : 12 To the end that my glory may sing praise to thee , and not be silent .
32 : 6 For this shall every one that is godly pray unto thee in a time when thou mayest be found : surely in the floods of great waters they shall not come nigh unto him .
34 : 12 What man is he that desireth life , and loveth many days , that he may see good ?
39 : 4 LORD , make me to know mine end , and the measure of my days , what it is : that I may know how frail I am .
39 : 13 O spare me , that I may recover strength , before I go hence , and be no more .
41 : 10 But thou , O LORD , be merciful unto me , and raise me up , that I may requite them .
45 : 16 Instead of thy fathers shall be thy children , whom thou mayest make princes in all the earth .
48 : 13 Mark ye well her bulwarks , consider her palaces ; that ye may tell it to the generation following .
50 : 4 He shall call to the heavens from above , and to the earth , that he may judge his people .
51 : 8 Make me to hear joy and gladness ; that the bones which thou hast broken may rejoice .
56 : 13 For thou hast delivered my soul from death : wilt not thou deliver my feet from falling , that I may walk before God in the light of the living ?
58 : 8 As a snail which melteth , let every one of them pass away : like the untimely birth of a woman , that they may not see the sun .
59 : 13 Consume them in wrath , consume them , that they may not be : and let them know that God ruleth in Jacob unto the ends of the earth .
60 : 4 Thou hast given a banner to them that fear thee , that it may be displayed because of the truth .
60 : 5 That thy beloved may be delivered ; save with thy right hand , and hear me .
61 : 7 He shall abide before God for ever : O prepare mercy and truth , which may preserve him .
61 : 8 So will I sing praise unto thy name for ever , that I may daily perform my vows .
64 : 4 That they may shoot in secret at the perfect : suddenly do they shoot at him , and fear not .
65 : 4 Blessed is the man whom thou choosest , and causest to approach unto thee , that he may dwell in thy courts : we shall be satisfied with the goodness of thy house , even of thy holy temple .
67 : 2 That thy way may be known upon earth , thy saving health among all nations .
68 : 23 That thy foot may be dipped in the blood of thine enemies , and the tongue of thy dogs in the same .
69 : 35 For God will save Zion , and will build the cities of Judah : that they may dwell there , and have it in possession .
71 : 3 Be thou my strong habitation , whereunto I may continually resort : thou hast given commandment to save me ; for thou art my rock and my fortress .
73 : 28 But it is good for me to draw near to God : I have put my trust in the Lord GOD , that I may declare all thy works .
76 : 7 Thou , even thou , art to be feared : and who may stand in thy sight when once thou art angry ?
83 : 4 They have said , Come , and let us cut them off from being a nation ; that the name of Israel may be no more in remembrance .
83 : 16 Fill their faces with shame ; that they may seek thy name , O LORD .
83 : 18 That men may know that thou , whose name alone is JEHOVAH , art the most high over all the earth .
84 : 3 Yea , the sparrow hath found an house , and the swallow a nest for herself , where she may lay her young , even thine altars , O LORD of hosts , my King , and my God .
85 : 6 Wilt thou not revive us again : that thy people may rejoice in thee ?
85 : 9 Surely his salvation is nigh them that fear him ; that glory may dwell in our land .
86 : 17 Shew me a token for good ; that they which hate me may see it , and be ashamed : because thou , LORD , hast holpen me , and comforted me .
90 : 12 So teach us to number our days , that we may apply our hearts unto wisdom .
90 : 14 O satisfy us early with thy mercy ; that we may rejoice and be glad all our days .
94 : 13 That thou mayest give him rest from the days of adversity , until the pit be digged for the wicked .
101 : 6 Mine eyes shall be upon the faithful of the land , that they may dwell with me : he that walketh in a perfect way , he shall serve me .
101 : 8 I will early destroy all the wicked of the land ; that I may cut off all wicked doers from the city of the LORD .
104 : 9 Thou hast set a bound that they may not pass over ; that they turn not again to cover the earth .
104 : 14 He causeth the grass to grow for the cattle , and herb for the service of man : that he may bring forth food out of the earth ;
104 : 27 These wait all upon thee ; that thou mayest give them their meat in due season .
106 : 5 That I may see the good of thy chosen , that I may rejoice in the gladness of thy nation , that I may glory with thine inheritance .
107 : 36 And there he maketh the hungry to dwell , that they may prepare a city for habitation ;
107 : 37 And sow the fields , and plant vineyards , which may yield fruits of increase .
108 : 6 That thy beloved may be delivered : save with thy right hand , and answer me .
109 : 15 Let them be before the LORD continually , that he may cut off the memory of them from the earth .
109 : 27 That they may know that this is thy hand ; that thou , LORD , hast done it .
111 : 6 He hath shewed his people the power of his works , that he may give them the heritage of the heathen .
113 : 8 That he may set him with princes , even with the princes of his people .
119 : 17 Deal bountifully with thy servant , that I may live , and keep thy word .
119 : 18 Open thou mine eyes , that I may behold wondrous things out of thy law .
119 : 73 Thy hands have made me and fashioned me : give me understanding , that I may learn thy commandments .
119 : 77 Let thy tender mercies come unto me , that I may live : for thy law is my delight .
119 : 116 Uphold me according unto thy word , that I may live : and let me not be ashamed of my hope .
119 : 125 I am thy servant ; give me understanding , that I may know thy testimonies .
124 : 1 If it had not been the LORD who was on our side , now may Israel say ;
129 : 1 Many a time have they afflicted me from my youth , may Israel now say :
130 : 4 But there is forgiveness with thee , that thou mayest be feared .
142 : 7 Bring my soul out of prison , that I may praise thy name : the righteous shall compass me about ; for thou shalt deal bountifully with me .
144 : 12 That our sons may be as plants grown up in their youth ; that our daughters may be as corner stones , polished after the similitude of a palace :
144 : 13 That our garners may be full , affording all manner of store : that our sheep may bring forth thousands and ten thousands in our streets :
144 : 14 That our oxen may be strong to labour ; that there be no breaking in , nor going out ; that there be no complaining in our streets .
2 : 20 That thou mayest walk in the way of good men , and keep the paths of the righteous .
5 : 1 My son , attend unto my wisdom , and bow thine ear to my understanding : 5 : 2 That thou mayest regard discretion , and that thy lips may keep knowledge .
7 : 4 Say unto wisdom , Thou art my sister ; and call understanding thy kinswoman : 7 : 5 That they may keep thee from the strange woman , from the stranger which flattereth with her words .
8 : 11 For wisdom is better than rubies ; and all the things that may be desired are not to be compared to it .
8 : 20 I lead in the way of righteousness , in the midst of the paths of judgment : 8 : 21 That I may cause those that love me to inherit substance ; and I will fill their treasures .
15 : 24 The way of life is above to the wise , that he may depart from hell beneath .
18 : 2 A fool hath no delight in understanding , but that his heart may discover itself .
19 : 20 Hear counsel , and receive instruction , that thou mayest be wise in thy latter end .
20 : 21 An inheritance may be gotten hastily at the beginning ; but the end thereof shall not be blessed .
22 : 19 That thy trust may be in the LORD , I have made known to thee this day , even to thee .
27 : 1 Boast not thyself of to morrow ; for thou knowest not what a day may bring forth .
27 : 11 My son , be wise , and make my heart glad , that I may answer him that reproacheth me .
1 : 10 Is there any thing whereof it may be said , See , this is new ?
2 : 26 For God giveth to a man that is good in his sight wisdom , and knowledge , and joy : but to the sinner he giveth travail , to gather and to heap up , that he may give to him that is good before God .
5 : 15 As he came forth of his mother ' s womb , naked shall he return to go as he came , and shall take nothing of his labour , which he may carry away in his hand .
6 : 10 That which hath been is named already , and it is known that it is man : neither may he contend with him that is mightier than he .
8 : 4 Where the word of a king is , there is power : and who may say unto him , What doest thou ?
4 : 16 Awake , O north wind ; and come , thou south ; blow upon my garden , that the spices thereof may flow out .
that we may seek him with thee .
6 : 13 Return , return , O Shulamite ; return , return , that we may look upon thee .
5 : 8 Woe unto them that join house to house , that lay field to field , till there be no place , that they may be placed alone in the midst of the earth !
5 : 11 Woe unto them that rise up early in the morning , that they may follow strong drink ; that continue until night , till wine inflame them !
5 : 18 Woe unto them that draw iniquity with cords of vanity , and sin as it were with a cart rope : 5 : 19 That say , Let him make speed , and hasten his work , that we may see it : and let the counsel of the Holy One of Israel draw nigh and come , that we may know it !
7 : 15 Butter and honey shall he eat , that he may know to refuse the evil , and choose the good .
10 : 1 Woe unto them that decree unrighteous decrees , and that write grievousness which they have prescribed ; 10 : 2 To turn aside the needy from judgment , and to take away the right from the poor of my people , that widows may be their prey , and that they may rob the fatherless !
10 : 19 And the rest of the trees of his forest shall be few , that a child may write them .
13 : 2 Lift ye up a banner upon the high mountain , exalt the voice unto them , shake the hand , that they may go into the gates of the nobles .
19 : 15 Neither shall there be any work for Egypt , which the head or tail , branch or rush , may do .
23 : 16 Take an harp , go about the city , thou harlot that hast been forgotten ; make sweet melody , sing many songs , that thou mayest be remembered .
24 : 10 The city of confusion is broken down : every house is shut up , that no man may come in .
26 : 2 Open ye the gates , that the righteous nation which keepeth the truth may enter in .
27 : 5 Or let him take hold of my strength , that he may make peace with me ; and he shall make peace with me .
28 : 12 To whom he said , This is the rest wherewith ye may cause the weary to rest ; and this is the refreshing : yet they would not hear .
28 : 21 For the LORD shall rise up as in mount Perazim , he shall be wroth as in the valley of Gibeon , that he may do his work , his strange work ; and bring to pass his act , his strange act .
30 : 1 Woe to the rebellious children , saith the LORD , that take counsel , but not of me ; and that cover with a covering , but not of my spirit , that they may add sin to sin : 30 : 2 That walk to go down into Egypt , and have not asked at my mouth ; to strengthen themselves in the strength of Pharaoh , and to trust in the shadow of Egypt !
30 : 8 Now go , write it before them in a table , and note it in a book , that it may be for the time to come for ever and ever : 30 : 9 That this is a rebellious people , lying children , children that will not hear the law of the LORD : 30 : 10 Which say to the seers , See not ; and to the prophets , Prophesy not unto us right things , speak unto us smooth things , prophesy deceits : 30 : 11 Get you out of the way , turn aside out of the path , cause the Holy One of Israel to cease from before us .
30 : 18 And therefore will the LORD wait , that he may be gracious unto you , and therefore will he be exalted , that he may have mercy upon you : for the LORD is a God of judgment : blessed are all they that wait for him .
hath he not sent me to the men that sit upon the wall , that they may eat their own dung , and drink their own piss with you ?
37 : 4 It may be the LORD thy God will hear the words of Rabshakeh , whom the king of Assyria his master hath sent to reproach the living God , and will reprove the words which the LORD thy God hath heard : wherefore lift up thy prayer for the remnant that is left .
37 : 20 Now therefore , O LORD our God , save us from his hand , that all the kingdoms of the earth may know that thou art the LORD , even thou only .
41 : 19 I will plant in the wilderness the cedar , the shittah tree , and the myrtle , and the oil tree ; I will set in the desert the fir tree , and the pine , and the box tree together : 41 : 20 That they may see , and know , and consider , and understand together , that the hand of the LORD hath done this , and the Holy One of Israel hath created it .
41 : 22 Let them bring them forth , and shew us what shall happen : let them shew the former things , what they be , that we may consider them , and know the latter end of them ; or declare us things for to come .
41 : 23 Shew the things that are to come hereafter , that we may know that ye are gods : yea , do good , or do evil , that we may be dismayed , and behold it together .
41 : 26 Who hath declared from the beginning , that we may know ?
and beforetime , that we may say , He is righteous ?
42 : 18 Hear , ye deaf ; and look , ye blind , that ye may see .
let them bring forth their witnesses , that they may be justified : or let them hear , and say , It is truth .
43 : 10 Ye are my witnesses , saith the LORD , and my servant whom I have chosen : that ye may know and believe me , and understand that I am he : before me there was no God formed , neither shall there be after me .
43 : 26 Put me in remembrance : let us plead together : declare thou , that thou mayest be justified .
44 : 9 They that make a graven image are all of them vanity ; and their delectable things shall not profit ; and they are their own witnesses ; they see not , nor know ; that they may be ashamed .
44 : 13 The carpenter stretcheth out his rule ; he marketh it out with a line ; he fitteth it with planes , and he marketh it out with the compass , and maketh it after the figure of a man , according to the beauty of a man ; that it may remain in the house .
45 : 1 Thus saith the LORD to his anointed , to Cyrus , whose right hand I have holden , to subdue nations before him ; and I will loose the loins of kings , to open before him the two leaved gates ; and the gates shall not be shut ; 45 : 2 I will go before thee , and make the crooked places straight : I will break in pieces the gates of brass , and cut in sunder the bars of iron : 45 : 3 And I will give thee the treasures of darkness , and hidden riches of secret places , that thou mayest know that I , the LORD , which call thee by thy name , am the God of Israel .
45 : 5 I am the LORD , and there is none else , there is no God beside me : I girded thee , though thou hast not known me : 45 : 6 That they may know from the rising of the sun , and from the west , that there is none beside me .
46 : 5 To whom will ye liken me , and make me equal , and compare me , that we may be like ?
47 : 12 Stand now with thine enchantments , and with the multitude of thy sorceries , wherein thou hast laboured from thy youth ; if so be thou shalt be able to profit , if so be thou mayest prevail .
49 : 6 And he said , It is a light thing that thou shouldest be my servant to raise up the tribes of Jacob , and to restore the preserved of Israel : I will also give thee for a light to the Gentiles , that thou mayest be my salvation unto the end of the earth .
49 : 8 Thus saith the LORD , In an acceptable time have I heard thee , and in a day of salvation have I helped thee : and I will preserve thee , and give thee for a covenant of the people , to establish the earth , to cause to inherit the desolate heritages ; 49 : 9 That thou mayest say to the prisoners , Go forth ; to them that are in darkness , Shew yourselves .
yea , they may forget , yet will I not forget thee .
49 : 20 The children which thou shalt have , after thou hast lost the other , shall say again in thine ears , The place is too strait for me : give place to me that I may dwell .
51 : 14 The captive exile hasteneth that he may be loosed , and that he should not die in the pit , nor that his bread should fail .
51 : 16 And I have put my words in thy mouth , and I have covered thee in the shadow of mine hand , that I may plant the heavens , and lay the foundations of the earth , and say unto Zion , Thou art my people .
51 : 21 Therefore hear now this , thou afflicted , and drunken , but not with wine : 51 : 22 Thus saith thy Lord the LORD , and thy God that pleadeth the cause of his people , Behold , I have taken out of thine hand the cup of trembling , even the dregs of the cup of my fury ; thou shalt no more drink it again : 51 : 23 But I will put it into the hand of them that afflict thee ; which have said to thy soul , Bow down , that we may go over : and thou hast laid thy body as the ground , and as the street , to them that went over .
55 : 6 Seek ye the LORD while he may be found , call ye upon him while he is near : 55 : 7 Let the wicked forsake his way , and the unrighteous man his thoughts : and let him return unto the LORD , and he will have mercy upon him ; and to our God , for he will abundantly pardon .
55 : 10 For as the rain cometh down , and the snow from heaven , and returneth not thither , but watereth the earth , and maketh it bring forth and bud , that it may give seed to the sower , and bread to the eater : 55 : 11 So shall my word be that goeth forth out of my mouth : it shall not return unto me void , but it shall accomplish that which I please , and it shall prosper in the thing whereto I sent it .
60 : 11 Therefore thy gates shall be open continually ; they shall not be shut day nor night ; that men may bring unto thee the forces of the Gentiles , and that their kings may be brought .
60 : 21 Thy people also shall be all righteous : they shall inherit the land for ever , the branch of my planting , the work of my hands , that I may be glorified .
64 : 1 Oh that thou wouldest rend the heavens , that thou wouldest come down , that the mountains might flow down at thy presence , 64 : 2 As when the melting fire burneth , the fire causeth the waters to boil , to make thy name known to thine adversaries , that the nations may tremble at thy presence !
65 : 8 Thus saith the LORD , As the new wine is found in the cluster , and one saith , Destroy it not ; for a blessing is in it : so will I do for my servants ' sakes , that I may not destroy them all .
66 : 10 Rejoice ye with Jerusalem , and be glad with her , all ye that love her : rejoice for joy with her , all ye that mourn for her : 66 : 11 That ye may suck , and be satisfied with the breasts of her consolations ; that ye may milk out , and be delighted with the abundance of her glory .
4 : 14 O Jerusalem , wash thine heart from wickedness , that thou mayest be saved .
6 : 10 To whom shall I speak , and give warning , that they may hear ?
6 : 27 I have set thee for a tower and a fortress among my people , that thou mayest know and try their way .
7 : 18 The children gather wood , and the fathers kindle the fire , and the women knead their dough , to make cakes to the queen of heaven , and to pour out drink offerings unto other gods , that they may provoke me to anger .
7 : 22 For I spake not unto your fathers , nor commanded them in the day that I brought them out of the land of Egypt , concerning burnt offerings or sacrifices : 7 : 23 But this thing commanded I them , saying , Obey my voice , and I will be your God , and ye shall be my people : and walk ye in all the ways that I have commanded you , that it may be well unto you .
9 : 12 Who is the wise man , that may understand this ?
and who is he to whom the mouth of the LORD hath spoken , that he may declare it , for what the land perisheth and is burned up like a wilderness , that none passeth through ?
9 : 17 Thus saith the LORD of hosts , Consider ye , and call for the mourning women , that they may come ; and send for cunning women , that they may come : 9 : 18 And let them make haste , and take up a wailing for us , that our eyes may run down with tears , and our eyelids gush out with waters .
10 : 18 For thus saith the LORD , Behold , I will sling out the inhabitants of the land at this once , and will distress them , that they may find it so .
11 : 1 The word that came to Jeremiah from the LORD saying , 11 : 2 Hear ye the words of this covenant , and speak unto the men of Judah , and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem ; 11 : 3 And say thou unto them , Thus saith the LORD God of Israel ; Cursed be the man that obeyeth not the words of this covenant , 11 : 4 Which I commanded your fathers in the day that I brought them forth out of the land of Egypt , from the iron furnace , saying , Obey my voice , and do them , according to all which I command you : so shall ye be my people , and I will be your God : 11 : 5 That I may perform the oath which I have sworn unto your fathers , to give them a land flowing with milk and honey , as it is this day .
11 : 19 But I was like a lamb or an ox that is brought to the slaughter ; and I knew not that they had devised devices against me , saying , Let us destroy the tree with the fruit thereof , and let us cut him off from the land of the living , that his name may be no more remembered .
then may ye also do good , that are accustomed to do evil .
13 : 26 Therefore will I discover thy skirts upon thy face , that thy shame may appear .
16 : 11 Then shalt thou say unto them , Because your fathers have forsaken me , saith the LORD , and have walked after other gods , and have served them , and have worshipped them , and have forsaken me , and have not kept my law ; 16 : 12 And ye have done worse than your fathers ; for , behold , ye walk every one after the imagination of his evil heart , that they may not hearken unto me : 16 : 13 Therefore will I cast you out of this land into a land that ye know not , neither ye nor your fathers ; and there shall ye serve other gods day and night ; where I will not shew you favour .
21 : 1 The word which came unto Jeremiah from the LORD , when king Zedekiah sent unto him Pashur the son of Melchiah , and Zephaniah the son of Maaseiah the priest , saying , 21 : 2 Enquire , I pray thee , of the LORD for us ; for Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon maketh war against us ; if so be that the LORD will deal with us according to all his wondrous works , that he may go up from us .
26 : 1 In the beginning of the reign of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah came this word from the LORD , saying , 26 : 2 Thus saith the LORD ; Stand in the court of the LORD ' s house , and speak unto all the cities of Judah , which come to worship in the LORD ' s house , all the words that I command thee to speak unto them ; diminish not a word : 26 : 3 If so be they will hearken , and turn every man from his evil way , that I may repent me of the evil , which I purpose to do unto them because of the evil of their doings .
28 : 14 For thus saith the LORD of hosts , the God of Israel ; I have put a yoke of iron upon the neck of all these nations , that they may serve Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon ; and they shall serve him : and I have given him the beasts of the field also .
29 : 1 Now these are the words of the letter that Jeremiah the prophet sent from Jerusalem unto the residue of the elders which were carried away captives , and to the priests , and to the prophets , and to all the people whom Nebuchadnezzar had carried away captive from Jerusalem to Babylon ; 29 : 2 ( After that Jeconiah the king , and the queen , and the eunuchs , the princes of Judah and Jerusalem , and the carpenters , and the smiths , were departed from Jerusalem ;) 29 : 3 By the hand of Elasah the son of Shaphan , and Gemariah the son of Hilkiah , ( whom Zedekiah king of Judah sent unto Babylon to Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon ) saying , 29 : 4 Thus saith the LORD of hosts , the God of Israel , unto all that are carried away captives , whom I have caused to be carried away from Jerusalem unto Babylon ; 29 : 5 Build ye houses , and dwell in them ; and plant gardens , and eat the fruit of them ; 29 : 6 Take ye wives , and beget sons and daughters ; and take wives for your sons , and give your daughters to husbands , that they may bear sons and daughters ; that ye may be increased there , and not diminished .
30 : 13 There is none to plead thy cause , that thou mayest be bound up : thou hast no healing medicines .
32 : 13 And I charged Baruch before them , saying , 32 : 14 Thus saith the LORD of hosts , the God of Israel ; Take these evidences , this evidence of the purchase , both which is sealed , and this evidence which is open ; and put them in an earthen vessel , that they may continue many days .
32 : 36 And now therefore thus saith the LORD , the God of Israel , concerning this city , whereof ye say , It shall be delivered into the hand of the king of Babylon by the sword , and by the famine , and by the pestilence ; 32 : 37 Behold , I will gather them out of all countries , whither I have driven them in mine anger , and in my fury , and in great wrath ; and I will bring them again unto this place , and I will cause them to dwell safely : 32 : 38 And they shall be my people , and I will be their God : 32 : 39 And I will give them one heart , and one way , that they may fear me for ever , for the good of them , and of their children after them : 32 : 40 And I will make an everlasting covenant with them , that I will not turn away from them , to do them good ; but I will put my fear in their hearts , that they shall not depart from me .
33 : 19 And the word of the LORD came unto Jeremiah , saying , 33 : 20 Thus saith the LORD ; If ye can break my covenant of the day , and my covenant of the night , and that there should not be day and night in their season ; 33 : 21 Then may also my covenant be broken with David my servant , that he should not have a son to reign upon his throne ; and with the Levites the priests , my ministers .
35 : 6 But they said , We will drink no wine : for Jonadab the son of Rechab our father commanded us , saying , Ye shall drink no wine , neither ye , nor your sons for ever : 35 : 7 Neither shall ye build house , nor sow seed , nor plant vineyard , nor have any : but all your days ye shall dwell in tents ; that ye may live many days in the land where ye be strangers .
36 : 3 It may be that the house of Judah will hear all the evil which I purpose to do unto them ; that they may return every man from his evil way ; that I may forgive their iniquity and their sin .
36 : 7 It may be they will present their supplication before the LORD , and will return every one from his evil way : for great is the anger and the fury that the LORD hath pronounced against this people .
42 : 1 Then all the captains of the forces , and Johanan the son of Kareah , and Jezaniah the son of Hoshaiah , and all the people from the least even unto the greatest , came near , 42 : 2 And said unto Jeremiah the prophet , Let , we beseech thee , our supplication be accepted before thee , and pray for us unto the LORD thy God , even for all this remnant ; ( for we are left but a few of many , as thine eyes do behold us :) 42 : 3 That the LORD thy God may shew us the way wherein we may walk , and the thing that we may do .
42 : 6 Whether it be good , or whether it be evil , we will obey the voice of the LORD our God , to whom we send thee ; that it may be well with us , when we obey the voice of the LORD our God .
42 : 12 And I will shew mercies unto you , that he may have mercy upon you , and cause you to return to your own land .
44 : 29 And this shall be a sign unto you , saith the LORD , that I will punish you in this place , that ye may know that my words shall surely stand against you for evil : 44 : 30 Thus saith the LORD ; Behold , I will give Pharaohhophra king of Egypt into the hand of his enemies , and into the hand of them that seek his life ; as I gave Zedekiah king of Judah into the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon , his enemy , and that sought his life .
46 : 10 For this is the day of the Lord GOD of hosts , a day of vengeance , that he may avenge him of his adversaries : and the sword shall devour , and it shall be satiate and made drunk with their blood : for the Lord GOD of hosts hath a sacrifice in the north country by the river Euphrates .
48 : 9 Give wings unto Moab , that it may flee and get away : for the cities thereof shall be desolate , without any to dwell therein .
49 : 19 Behold , he shall come up like a lion from the swelling of Jordan against the habitation of the strong : but I will suddenly make him run away from her : and who is a chosen man , that I may appoint over her ?
50 : 34 Their Redeemer is strong ; the LORD of hosts is his name : he shall throughly plead their cause , that he may give rest to the land , and disquiet the inhabitants of Babylon .
50 : 44 Behold , he shall come up like a lion from the swelling of Jordan unto the habitation of the strong : but I will make them suddenly run away from her : and who is a chosen man , that I may appoint over her ?
51 : 8 Babylon is suddenly fallen and destroyed : howl for her ; take balm for her pain , if so be she may be healed .
51 : 39 In their heat I will make their feasts , and I will make them drunken , that they may rejoice , and sleep a perpetual sleep , and not wake , saith the LORD .
what shall I equal to thee , that I may comfort thee , O virgin daughter of Zion ?
3 : 29 He putteth his mouth in the dust ; if so be there may be hope .
4 : 16 Moreover he said unto me , Son of man , behold , I will break the staff of bread in Jerusalem : and they shall eat bread by weight , and with care ; and they shall drink water by measure , and with astonishment : 4 : 17 That they may want bread and water , and be astonied one with another , and consume away for their iniquity .
6 : 6 In all your dwellingplaces the cities shall be laid waste , and the high places shall be desolate ; that your altars may be laid waste and made desolate , and your idols may be broken and cease , and your images may be cut down , and your works may be abolished .
6 : 8 Yet will I leave a remnant , that ye may have some that shall escape the sword among the nations , when ye shall be scattered through the countries .
11 : 19 And I will give them one heart , and I will put a new spirit within you ; and I will take the stony heart out of their flesh , and will give them an heart of flesh : 11 : 20 That they may walk in my statutes , and keep mine ordinances , and do them : and they shall be my people , and I will be their God .
12 : 3 Therefore , thou son of man , prepare thee stuff for removing , and remove by day in their sight ; and thou shalt remove from thy place to another place in their sight : it may be they will consider , though they be a rebellious house .
12 : 16 But I will leave a few men of them from the sword , from the famine , and from the pestilence ; that they may declare all their abominations among the heathen whither they come ; and they shall know that I am the LORD .
12 : 17 Moreover the word of the LORD came to me , saying , 12 : 18 Son of man , eat thy bread with quaking , and drink thy water with trembling and with carefulness ; 12 : 19 And say unto the people of the land , Thus saith the Lord GOD of the inhabitants of Jerusalem , and of the land of Israel ; They shall eat their bread with carefulness , and drink their water with astonishment , that her land may be desolate from all that is therein , because of the violence of all them that dwell therein .
14 : 4 Therefore speak unto them , and say unto them , Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Every man of the house of Israel that setteth up his idols in his heart , and putteth the stumblingblock of his iniquity before his face , and cometh to the prophet ; I the LORD will answer him that cometh according to the multitude of his idols ; 14 : 5 That I may take the house of Israel in their own heart , because they are all estranged from me through their idols .
14 : 10 And they shall bear the punishment of their iniquity : the punishment of the prophet shall be even as the punishment of him that seeketh unto him ; 14 : 11 That the house of Israel may go no more astray from me , neither be polluted any more with all their transgressions ; but that they may be my people , and I may be their God , saith the Lord GOD .
14 : 15 If I cause noisome beasts to pass through the land , and they spoil it , so that it be desolate , that no man may pass through because of the beasts : 14 : 16 Though these three men were in it , as I live , saith the Lord GOD , they shall deliver neither sons nor daughters ; they only shall be delivered , but the land shall be desolate .
16 : 33 They give gifts to all whores : but thou givest thy gifts to all thy lovers , and hirest them , that they may come unto thee on every side for thy whoredom .
16 : 35 Wherefore , O harlot , hear the word of the LORD : 16 : 36 Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Because thy filthiness was poured out , and thy nakedness discovered through thy whoredoms with thy lovers , and with all the idols of thy abominations , and by the blood of thy children , which thou didst give unto them ; 16 : 37 Behold , therefore I will gather all thy lovers , with whom thou hast taken pleasure , and all them that thou hast loved , with all them that thou hast hated ; I will even gather them round about against thee , and will discover thy nakedness unto them , that they may see all thy nakedness .
16 : 53 When I shall bring again their captivity , the captivity of Sodom and her daughters , and the captivity of Samaria and her daughters , then will I bring again the captivity of thy captives in the midst of them : 16 : 54 That thou mayest bear thine own shame , and mayest be confounded in all that thou hast done , in that thou art a comfort unto them .
16 : 62 And I will establish my covenant with thee ; and thou shalt know that I am the LORD : 16 : 63 That thou mayest remember , and be confounded , and never open thy mouth any more because of thy shame , when I am pacified toward thee for all that thou hast done , saith the Lord GOD .
20 : 18 But I said unto their children in the wilderness , Walk ye not in the statutes of your fathers , neither observe their judgments , nor defile yourselves with their idols : 20 : 19 I am the LORD your God ; walk in my statutes , and keep my judgments , and do them ; 20 : 20 And hallow my sabbaths ; and they shall be a sign between me and you , that ye may know that I am the LORD your God .
21 : 4 Seeing then that I will cut off from thee the righteous and the wicked , therefore shall my sword go forth out of his sheath against all flesh from the south to the north : 21 : 5 That all flesh may know that I the LORD have drawn forth my sword out of his sheath : it shall not return any more .
21 : 8 Again the word of the LORD came unto me , saying , 21 : 9 Son of man , prophesy , and say , Thus saith the LORD ; Say , A sword , a sword is sharpened , and also furbished : 21 : 10 It is sharpened to make a sore slaughter ; it is furbished that it may glitter : should we then make mirth ?
21 : 11 And he hath given it to be furbished , that it may be handled : this sword is sharpened , and it is furbished , to give it into the hand of the slayer .
21 : 15 I have set the point of the sword against all their gates , that their heart may faint , and their ruins be multiplied : ah !
21 : 18 The word of the LORD came unto me again , saying , 21 : 19 Also , thou son of man , appoint thee two ways , that the sword of the king of Babylon may come : both twain shall come forth out of one land : and choose thou a place , choose it at the head of the way to the city .
21 : 20 Appoint a way , that the sword may come to Rabbath of the Ammonites , and to Judah in Jerusalem the defenced .
21 : 23 And it shall be unto them as a false divination in their sight , to them that have sworn oaths : but he will call to remembrance the iniquity , that they may be taken .
22 : 3 Then say thou , Thus saith the Lord GOD , The city sheddeth blood in the midst of it , that her time may come , and maketh idols against herself to defile herself .
23 : 48 Thus will I cause lewdness to cease out of the land , that all women may be taught not to do after your lewdness .
24 : 11 Then set it empty upon the coals thereof , that the brass of it may be hot , and may burn , and that the filthiness of it may be molten in it , that the scum of it may be consumed .
25 : 8 Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Because that Moab and Seir do say , Behold , the house of Judah is like unto all the heathen ; 25 : 9 Therefore , behold , I will open the side of Moab from the cities , from his cities which are on his frontiers , the glory of the country , Bethjeshimoth , Baalmeon , and Kiriathaim , 25 : 10 Unto the men of the east with the Ammonites , and will give them in possession , that the Ammonites may not be remembered among the nations .
28 : 17 Thine heart was lifted up because of thy beauty , thou hast corrupted thy wisdom by reason of thy brightness : I will cast thee to the ground , I will lay thee before kings , that they may behold thee .
34 : 7 Therefore , ye shepherds , hear the word of the LORD ; 34 : 8 As I live , saith the Lord GOD , surely because my flock became a prey , and my flock became meat to every beast of the field , because there was no shepherd , neither did my shepherds search for my flock , but the shepherds fed themselves , and fed not my flock ; 34 : 9 Therefore , O ye shepherds , hear the word of the LORD ; 34 : 10 Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Behold , I am against the shepherds ; and I will require my flock at their hand , and cause them to cease from feeding the flock ; neither shall the shepherds feed themselves any more ; for I will deliver my flock from their mouth , that they may not be meat for them .
37 : 9 Then said he unto me , Prophesy unto the wind , prophesy , son of man , and say to the wind , Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Come from the four winds , O breath , and breathe upon these slain , that they may live .
38 : 15 And thou shalt come from thy place out of the north parts , thou , and many people with thee , all of them riding upon horses , a great company , and a mighty army : 38 : 16 And thou shalt come up against my people of Israel , as a cloud to cover the land ; it shall be in the latter days , and I will bring thee against my land , that the heathen may know me , when I shall be sanctified in thee , O Gog , before their eyes .
39 : 12 And seven months shall the house of Israel be burying of them , that they may cleanse the land .
39 : 17 And , thou son of man , thus saith the Lord GOD ; Speak unto every feathered fowl , and to every beast of the field , Assemble yourselves , and come ; gather yourselves on every side to my sacrifice that I do sacrifice for you , even a great sacrifice upon the mountains of Israel , that ye may eat flesh , and drink blood .
43 : 10 Thou son of man , shew the house to the house of Israel , that they may be ashamed of their iniquities : and let them measure the pattern .
43 : 11 And if they be ashamed of all that they have done , shew them the form of the house , and the fashion thereof , and the goings out thereof , and the comings in thereof , and all the forms thereof , and all the ordinances thereof , and all the forms thereof , and all the laws thereof : and write it in their sight , that they may keep the whole form thereof , and all the ordinances thereof , and do them .
44 : 25 And they shall come at no dead person to defile themselves : but for father , or for mother , or for son , or for daughter , for brother , or for sister that hath had no husband , they may defile themselves .
44 : 30 And the first of all the firstfruits of all things , and every oblation of all , of every sort of your oblations , shall be the priest ' s : ye shall also give unto the priest the first of your dough , that he may cause the blessing to rest in thine house .
45 : 11 The ephah and the bath shall be of one measure , that the bath may contain the tenth part of an homer , and the ephah the tenth part of an homer : the measure thereof shall be after the homer .
4 : 17 This matter is by the decree of the watchers , and the demand by the word of the holy ones : to the intent that the living may know that the most High ruleth in the kingdom of men , and giveth it to whomsoever he will , and setteth up over it the basest of men .
4 : 27 Wherefore , O king , let my counsel be acceptable unto thee , and break off thy sins by righteousness , and thine iniquities by shewing mercy to the poor ; if it may be a lengthening of thy tranquillity .
6 : 15 Then these men assembled unto the king , and said unto the king , Know , O king , that the law of the Medes and Persians is , That no decree nor statute which the king establisheth may be changed .
8 : 4 They have set up kings , but not by me : they have made princes , and I knew it not : of their silver and their gold have they made them idols , that they may be cut off .
13 : 10 I will be thy king : where is any other that may save thee in all thy cities ?
5 : 14 Seek good , and not evil , that ye may live : and so the LORD , the God of hosts , shall be with you , as ye have spoken .
5 : 15 Hate the evil , and love the good , and establish judgment in the gate : it may be that the LORD God of hosts will be gracious unto the remnant of Joseph .
Then shall he say , Hold thy tongue : for we may not make mention of the name of the LORD .
8 : 4 Hear this , O ye that swallow up the needy , even to make the poor of the land to fail , 8 : 5 Saying , When will the new moon be gone , that we may sell corn ?
and the sabbath , that we may set forth wheat , making the ephah small , and the shekel great , and falsifying the balances by deceit ?
8 : 6 That we may buy the poor for silver , and the needy for a pair of shoes ; yea , and sell the refuse of the wheat ?
9 : 1 I saw the LORD standing upon the altar : and he said , Smite the lintel of the door , that the posts may shake : and cut them in the head , all of them ; and I will slay the last of them with the sword : he that fleeth of them shall not flee away , and he that escapeth of them shall not be delivered .
9 : 11 In that day will I raise up the tabernacle of David that is fallen , and close up the breaches thereof ; and I will raise up his ruins , and I will build it as in the days of old : 9 : 12 That they may possess the remnant of Edom , and of all the heathen , which are called by my name , saith the LORD that doeth this .
1 : 9 And thy mighty men , O Teman , shall be dismayed , to the end that every one of the mount of Esau may be cut off by slaughter .
1 : 7 And they said every one to his fellow , Come , and let us cast lots , that we may know for whose cause this evil is upon us .
1 : 11 Then said they unto him , What shall we do unto thee , that the sea may be calm unto us ?
6 : 5 O my people , remember now what Balak king of Moab consulted , and what Balaam the son of Beor answered him from Shittim unto Gilgal ; that ye may know the righteousness of the LORD .
7 : 3 That they may do evil with both hands earnestly , the prince asketh , and the judge asketh for a reward ; and the great man , he uttereth his mischievous desire : so they wrap it up .
2 : 2 And the LORD answered me , and said , Write the vision , and make it plain upon tables , that he may run that readeth it .
2 : 9 Woe to him that coveteth an evil covetousness to his house , that he may set his nest on high , that he may be delivered from the power of evil !
2 : 15 Woe unto him that giveth his neighbour drink , that puttest thy bottle to him , and makest him drunken also , that thou mayest look on their nakedness !
2 : 3 Seek ye the LORD , all ye meek of the earth , which have wrought his judgment ; seek righteousness , seek meekness : it may be ye shall be hid in the day of the LORD ' s anger .
3 : 8 Therefore wait ye upon me , saith the LORD , until the day that I rise up to the prey : for my determination is to gather the nations , that I may assemble the kingdoms , to pour upon them mine indignation , even all my fierce anger : for all the earth shall be devoured with the fire of my jealousy .
3 : 9 For then will I turn to the people a pure language , that they may all call upon the name of the LORD , to serve him with one consent .
11 : 1 Open thy doors , O Lebanon , that the fire may devour thy cedars .
3 : 2 But who may abide the day of his coming ?
for he is like a refiner ' s fire , and like fullers ' soap : 3 : 3 And he shall sit as a refiner and purifier of silver : and he shall purify the sons of Levi , and purge them as gold and silver , that they may offer unto the LORD an offering in righteousness .
3 : 10 Bring ye all the tithes into the storehouse , that there may be meat in mine house , and prove me now herewith , saith the LORD of hosts , if I will not open you the windows of heaven , and pour you out a blessing , that there shall not be room enough to receive it .
2 : 8 And he sent them to Bethlehem , and said , Go and search diligently for the young child ; and when ye have found him , bring me word again , that I may come and worship him also .
5 : 16 Let your light so shine before men , that they may see your good works , and glorify your Father which is in heaven .
5 : 44 But I say unto you , Love your enemies , bless them that curse you , do good to them that hate you , and pray for them which despitefully use you , and persecute you ; 5 : 45 That ye may be the children of your Father which is in heaven : for he maketh his sun to rise on the evil and on the good , and sendeth rain on the just and on the unjust .
6 : 2 Therefore when thou doest thine alms , do not sound a trumpet before thee , as the hypocrites do in the synagogues and in the streets , that they may have glory of men .
6 : 3 But when thou doest alms , let not thy left hand know what thy right hand doeth : 6 : 4 That thine alms may be in secret : and thy Father which seeth in secret himself shall reward thee openly .
6 : 5 And when thou prayest , thou shalt not be as the hypocrites are : for they love to pray standing in the synagogues and in the corners of the streets , that they may be seen of men .
6 : 16 Moreover when ye fast , be not , as the hypocrites , of a sad countenance : for they disfigure their faces , that they may appear unto men to fast .
9 : 6 But that ye may know that the Son of man hath power on earth to forgive sins , ( then saith he to the sick of the palsy ,) Arise , take up thy bed , and go unto thine house .
9 : 20 And , behold , a woman , which was diseased with an issue of blood twelve years , came behind him , and touched the hem of his garment : 9 : 21 For she said within herself , If I may but touch his garment , I shall be whole .
14 : 15 And when it was evening , his disciples came to him , saying , This is a desert place , and the time is now past ; send the multitude away , that they may go into the villages , and buy themselves victuals .
18 : 16 But if he will not hear thee , then take with thee one or two more , that in the mouth of two or three witnesses every word may be established .
19 : 16 And , behold , one came and said unto him , Good Master , what good thing shall I do , that I may have eternal life ?
She saith unto him , Grant that these my two sons may sit , the one on thy right hand , and the other on the left , in thy kingdom .
20 : 33 They say unto him , Lord , that our eyes may be opened .
23 : 26 Thou blind Pharisee , cleanse first that which is within the cup and platter , that the outside of them may be clean also .
23 : 34 Wherefore , behold , I send unto you prophets , and wise men , and scribes : and some of them ye shall kill and crucify ; and some of them shall ye scourge in your synagogues , and persecute them from city to city : 23 : 35 That upon you may come all the righteous blood shed upon the earth , from the blood of righteous Abel unto the blood of Zacharias son of Barachias , whom ye slew between the temple and the altar .
26 : 42 He went away again the second time , and prayed , saying , O my Father , if this cup may not pass away from me , except I drink it , thy will be done .
1 : 38 And he said unto them , Let us go into the next towns , that I may preach there also : for therefore came I forth .
2 : 10 But that ye may know that the Son of man hath power on earth to forgive sins , ( he saith to the sick of the palsy ,) 2 : 11 I say unto thee , Arise , and take up thy bed , and go thy way into thine house .
4 : 11 And he said unto them , Unto you it is given to know the mystery of the kingdom of God : but unto them that are without , all these things are done in parables : 4 : 12 That seeing they may see , and not perceive ; and hearing they may hear , and not understand ; lest at any time they should be converted , and their sins should be forgiven them .
4 : 31 It is like a grain of mustard seed , which , when it is sown in the earth , is less than all the seeds that be in the earth : 4 : 32 But when it is sown , it groweth up , and becometh greater than all herbs , and shooteth out great branches ; so that the fowls of the air may lodge under the shadow of it .
5 : 12 And all the devils besought him , saying , Send us into the swine , that we may enter into them .
5 : 22 And , behold , there cometh one of the rulers of the synagogue , Jairus by name ; and when he saw him , he fell at his feet , 5 : 23 And besought him greatly , saying , My little daughter lieth at the point of death : I pray thee , come and lay thy hands on her , that she may be healed ; and she shall live .
5 : 28 For she said , If I may touch but his clothes , I shall be whole .
6 : 35 And when the day was now far spent , his disciples came unto him , and said , This is a desert place , and now the time is far passed : 6 : 36 Send them away , that they may go into the country round about , and into the villages , and buy themselves bread : for they have nothing to eat .
7 : 9 And he said unto them , Full well ye reject the commandment of God , that ye may keep your own tradition .
10 : 17 And when he was gone forth into the way , there came one running , and kneeled to him , and asked him , Good Master , what shall I do that I may inherit eternal life ?
10 : 37 They said unto him , Grant unto us that we may sit , one on thy right hand , and the other on thy left hand , in thy glory .
11 : 25 And when ye stand praying , forgive , if ye have ought against any : that your Father also which is in heaven may forgive you your trespasses .
bring me a penny , that I may see it .
14 : 7 For ye have the poor with you always , and whensoever ye will ye may do them good : but me ye have not always .
14 : 12 And the first day of unleavened bread , when they killed the passover , his disciples said unto him , Where wilt thou that we go and prepare that thou mayest eat the passover ?
15 : 32 Let Christ the King of Israel descend now from the cross , that we may see and believe .
2 : 34 And Simeon blessed them , and said unto Mary his mother , Behold , this child is set for the fall and rising again of many in Israel ; and for a sign which shall be spoken against ; 2 : 35 ( Yea , a sword shall pierce through thy own soul also ,) that the thoughts of many hearts may be revealed .
5 : 24 But that ye may know that the Son of man hath power upon earth to forgive sins , ( he said unto the sick of the palsy ,) I say unto thee , Arise , and take up thy couch , and go into thine house .
8 : 16 No man , when he hath lighted a candle , covereth it with a vessel , or putteth it under a bed ; but setteth it on a candlestick , that they which enter in may see the light .
9 : 12 And when the day began to wear away , then came the twelve , and said unto him , Send the multitude away , that they may go into the towns and country round about , and lodge , and get victuals : for we are here in a desert place .
11 : 33 No man , when he hath lighted a candle , putteth it in a secret place , neither under a bushel , but on a candlestick , that they which come in may see the light .
11 : 49 Therefore also said the wisdom of God , I will send them prophets and apostles , and some of them they shall slay and persecute : 11 : 50 That the blood of all the prophets , which was shed from the foundation of the world , may be required of this generation ; 11 : 51 From the blood of Abel unto the blood of Zacharias which perished between the altar and the temple : verily I say unto you , It shall be required of this generation .
12 : 35 Let your loins be girded about , and your lights burning ; 12 : 36 And ye yourselves like unto men that wait for their lord , when he will return from the wedding ; that when he cometh and knocketh , they may open unto him immediately .
12 : 58 When thou goest with thine adversary to the magistrate , as thou art in the way , give diligence that thou mayest be delivered from him ; lest he hale thee to the judge , and the judge deliver thee to the officer , and the officer cast thee into prison .
14 : 10 But when thou art bidden , go and sit down in the lowest room ; that when he that bade thee cometh , he may say unto thee , Friend , go up higher : then shalt thou have worship in the presence of them that sit at meat with thee .
14 : 23 And the lord said unto the servant , Go out into the highways and hedges , and compel them to come in , that my house may be filled .
give an account of thy stewardship ; for thou mayest be no longer steward .
16 : 4 I am resolved what to do , that , when I am put out of the stewardship , they may receive me into their houses .
16 : 9 And I say unto you , Make to yourselves friends of the mammon of unrighteousness ; that , when ye fail , they may receive you into everlasting habitations .
16 : 24 And he cried and said , Father Abraham , have mercy on me , and send Lazarus , that he may dip the tip of his finger in water , and cool my tongue ; for I am tormented in this flame .
16 : 27 Then he said , I pray thee therefore , father , that thou wouldest send him to my father ' s house : 16 : 28 For I have five brethren ; that he may testify unto them , lest they also come into this place of torment .
17 : 8 And will not rather say unto him , Make ready wherewith I may sup , and gird thyself , and serve me , till I have eaten and drunken ; and afterward thou shalt eat and drink ?
And he said , Lord , that I may receive my sight .
I will send my beloved son : it may be they will reverence him when they see him .
20 : 14 But when the husbandmen saw him , they reasoned among themselves , saying , This is the heir : come , let us kill him , that the inheritance may be ours .
21 : 22 For these be the days of vengeance , that all things which are written may be fulfilled .
21 : 36 Watch ye therefore , and pray always , that ye may be accounted worthy to escape all these things that shall come to pass , and to stand before the Son of man .
22 : 8 And he sent Peter and John , saying , Go and prepare us the passover , that we may eat .
22 : 29 And I appoint unto you a kingdom , as my Father hath appointed unto me ; 22 : 30 That ye may eat and drink at my table in my kingdom , and sit on thrones judging the twelve tribes of Israel .
22 : 31 And the Lord said , Simon , Simon , behold , Satan hath desired to have you , that he may sift you as wheat : 22 : 32 But I have prayed for thee , that thy faith fail not : and when thou art converted , strengthen thy brethren .
that we may give an answer to them that sent us .
3 : 21 But he that doeth truth cometh to the light , that his deeds may be made manifest , that they are wrought in God .
4 : 36 And he that reapeth receiveth wages , and gathereth fruit unto life eternal : that both he that soweth and he that reapeth may rejoice together .
5 : 20 For the Father loveth the Son , and sheweth him all things that himself doeth : and he will shew him greater works than these , that ye may marvel .
6 : 5 When Jesus then lifted up his eyes , and saw a great company come unto him , he saith unto Philip , Whence shall we buy bread , that these may eat ?
6 : 7 Philip answered him , Two hundred pennyworth of bread is not sufficient for them , that every one of them may take a little .
6 : 30 They said therefore unto him , What sign shewest thou then , that we may see , and believe thee ?
6 : 40 And this is the will of him that sent me , that every one which seeth the Son , and believeth on him , may have everlasting life : and I will raise him up at the last day .
6 : 50 This is the bread which cometh down from heaven , that a man may eat thereof , and not die .
7 : 3 His brethren therefore said unto him , Depart hence , and go into Judaea , that thy disciples also may see the works that thou doest .
10 : 38 But if I do , though ye believe not me , believe the works : that ye may know , and believe , that the Father is in me , and I in him .
11 : 11 These things said he : and after that he saith unto them , Our friend Lazarus sleepeth ; but I go , that I may awake him out of sleep .
11 : 15 And I am glad for your sakes that I was not there , to the intent ye may believe ; nevertheless let us go unto him .
11 : 16 Then said Thomas , which is called Didymus , unto his fellowdisciples , Let us also go , that we may die with him .
11 : 42 And I knew that thou hearest me always : but because of the people which stand by I said it , that they may believe that thou hast sent me .
12 : 36 While ye have light , believe in the light , that ye may be the children of light .
13 : 18 I speak not of you all : I know whom I have chosen : but that the scripture may be fulfilled , He that eateth bread with me hath lifted up his heel against me .
13 : 19 Now I tell you before it come , that , when it is come to pass , ye may believe that I am he .
14 : 3 And if I go and prepare a place for you , I will come again , and receive you unto myself ; that where I am , there ye may be also .
14 : 13 And whatsoever ye shall ask in my name , that will I do , that the Father may be glorified in the Son .
14 : 16 And I will pray the Father , and he shall give you another Comforter , that he may abide with you for ever ; 14 : 17 Even the Spirit of truth ; whom the world cannot receive , because it seeth him not , neither knoweth him : but ye know him ; for he dwelleth with you , and shall be in you .
14 : 31 But that the world may know that I love the Father ; and as the Father gave me commandment , even so I do .
15 : 2 Every branch in me that beareth not fruit he taketh away : and every branch that beareth fruit , he purgeth it , that it may bring forth more fruit .
15 : 16 Ye have not chosen me , but I have chosen you , and ordained you , that ye should go and bring forth fruit , and that your fruit should remain : that whatsoever ye shall ask of the Father in my name , he may give it you .
16 : 4 But these things have I told you , that when the time shall come , ye may remember that I told you of them .
16 : 24 Hitherto have ye asked nothing in my name : ask , and ye shall receive , that your joy may be full .
17 : 1 These words spake Jesus , and lifted up his eyes to heaven , and said , Father , the hour is come ; glorify thy Son , that thy Son also may glorify thee : 17 : 2 As thou hast given him power over all flesh , that he should give eternal life to as many as thou hast given him .
Holy Father , keep through thine own name those whom thou hast given me , that they may be one , as we are .
17 : 20 Neither pray I for these alone , but for them also which shall believe on me through their word ; 17 : 21 That they all may be one ; as thou , Father , art in me , and I in thee , that they also may be one in us : that the world may believe that thou hast sent me .
17 : 22 And the glory which thou gavest me I have given them ; that they may be one , even as we are one : 17 : 23 I in them , and thou in me , that they may be made perfect in one ; and that the world may know that thou hast sent me , and hast loved them , as thou hast loved me .
17 : 24 Father , I will that they also , whom thou hast given me , be with me where I am ; that they may behold my glory , which thou hast given me : for thou lovedst me before the foundation of the world .
17 : 26 And I have declared unto them thy name , and will declare it : that the love wherewith thou hast loved me may be in them , and I in them .
19 : 4 Pilate therefore went forth again , and saith unto them , Behold , I bring him forth to you , that ye may know that I find no fault in him .
1 : 24 And they prayed , and said , Thou , Lord , which knowest the hearts of all men , shew whether of these two thou hast chosen , 1 : 25 That he may take part of this ministry and apostleship , from which Judas by transgression fell , that he might go to his own place .
3 : 19 Repent ye therefore , and be converted , that your sins may be blotted out , when the times of refreshing shall come from the presence of the Lord .
4 : 29 And now , Lord , behold their threatenings : and grant unto thy servants , that with all boldness they may speak thy word , 4 : 30 By stretching forth thine hand to heal ; and that signs and wonders may be done by the name of thy holy child Jesus .
6 : 3 Wherefore , brethren , look ye out among you seven men of honest report , full of the Holy Ghost and wisdom , whom we may appoint over this business .
8 : 18 And when Simon saw that through laying on of the apostles ' hands the Holy Ghost was given , he offered them money , 8 : 19 Saying , Give me also this power , that on whomsoever I lay hands , he may receive the Holy Ghost .
8 : 20 But Peter said unto him , Thy money perish with thee , because thou hast thought that the gift of God may be purchased with money .
8 : 22 Repent therefore of this thy wickedness , and pray God , if perhaps the thought of thine heart may be forgiven thee .
8 : 37 And Philip said , If thou believest with all thine heart , thou mayest .
17 : 19 And they took him , and brought him unto Areopagus , saying , May we know what this new doctrine , whereof thou speakest , is ?
19 : 40 For we are in danger to be called in question for this day ' s uproar , there being no cause whereby we may give an account of this concourse .
21 : 23 Do therefore this that we say to thee : We have four men which have a vow on them ; 21 : 24 Them take , and purify thyself with them , and be at charges with them , that they may shave their heads : and all may know that those things , whereof they were informed concerning thee , are nothing ; but that thou thyself also walkest orderly , and keepest the law .
21 : 37 And as Paul was to be led into the castle , he said unto the chief captain , May I speak unto thee ?
23 : 23 And he called unto him two centurions , saying , Make ready two hundred soldiers to go to Caesarea , and horsemen threescore and ten , and spearmen two hundred , at the third hour of the night ; 23 : 24 And provide them beasts , that they may set Paul on , and bring him safe unto Felix the governor .
24 : 7 But the chief captain Lysias came upon us , and with great violence took him away out of our hands , 24 : 8 Commanding his accusers to come unto thee : by examining of whom thyself mayest take knowledge of all these things , whereof we accuse him .
24 : 10 Then Paul , after that the governor had beckoned unto him to speak , answered , Forasmuch as I know that thou hast been of many years a judge unto this nation , I do the more cheerfully answer for myself : 24 : 11 Because that thou mayest understand , that there are yet but twelve days since I went up to Jerusalem for to worship .
25 : 11 For if I be an offender , or have committed any thing worthy of death , I refuse not to die : but if there be none of these things whereof these accuse me , no man may deliver me unto them .
26 : 16 But rise , and stand upon thy feet : for I have appeared unto thee for this purpose , to make thee a minister and a witness both of these things which thou hast seen , and of those things in the which I will appear unto thee ; 26 : 17 Delivering thee from the people , and from the Gentiles , unto whom now I send thee , 26 : 18 To open their eyes , and to turn them from darkness to light , and from the power of Satan unto God , that they may receive forgiveness of sins , and inheritance among them which are sanctified by faith that is in me .
1 : 11 For I long to see you , that I may impart unto you some spiritual gift , to the end ye may be established ; 1 : 12 That is , that I may be comforted together with you by the mutual faith both of you and me .
1 : 18 For the wrath of God is revealed from heaven against all ungodliness and unrighteousness of men , who hold the truth in unrighteousness ; 1 : 19 Because that which may be known of God is manifest in them ; for God hath shewed it unto them .
3 : 8 And not rather , ( as we be slanderously reported , and as some affirm that we say ,) Let us do evil , that good may come ?
3 : 19 Now we know that what things soever the law saith , it saith to them who are under the law : that every mouth may be stopped , and all the world may become guilty before God .
Shall we continue in sin , that grace may abound ?
8 : 16 The Spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit , that we are the children of God : 8 : 17 And if children , then heirs ; heirs of God , and joint - heirs with Christ ; if so be that we suffer with him , that we may be also glorified together .
11 : 9 And David saith , Let their table be made a snare , and a trap , and a stumblingblock , and a recompence unto them : 11 : 10 Let their eyes be darkened , that they may not see , and bow down their back alway .
11 : 13 For I speak to you Gentiles , inasmuch as I am the apostle of the Gentiles , I magnify mine office : 11 : 14 If by any means I may provoke to emulation them which are my flesh , and might save some of them .
11 : 30 For as ye in times past have not believed God , yet have now obtained mercy through their unbelief : 11 : 31 Even so have these also now not believed , that through your mercy they also may obtain mercy .
12 : 2 And be not conformed to this world : but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind , that ye may prove what is that good , and acceptable , and perfect , will of God .
14 : 2 For one believeth that he may eat all things : another , who is weak , eateth herbs .
14 : 19 Let us therefore follow after the things which make for peace , and things wherewith one may edify another .
15 : 5 Now the God of patience and consolation grant you to be likeminded one toward another according to Christ Jesus : 15 : 6 That ye may with one mind and one mouth glorify God , even the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ .
15 : 13 Now the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace in believing , that ye may abound in hope , through the power of the Holy Ghost .
15 : 17 I have therefore whereof I may glory through Jesus Christ in those things which pertain to God .
15 : 30 Now I beseech you , brethren , for the Lord Jesus Christ ' s sake , and for the love of the Spirit , that ye strive together with me in your prayers to God for me ; 15 : 31 That I may be delivered from them that do not believe in Judaea ; and that my service which I have for Jerusalem may be accepted of the saints ; 15 : 32 That I may come unto you with joy by the will of God , and may with you be refreshed .
1 : 4 I thank my God always on your behalf , for the grace of God which is given you by Jesus Christ ; 1 : 5 That in every thing ye are enriched by him , in all utterance , and in all knowledge ; 1 : 6 Even as the testimony of Christ was confirmed in you : 1 : 7 So that ye come behind in no gift ; waiting for the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ : 1 : 8 Who shall also confirm you unto the end , that ye may be blameless in the day of our Lord Jesus Christ .
2 : 16 For who hath known the mind of the Lord , that he may instruct him ?
If any man among you seemeth to be wise in this world , let him become a fool , that he may be wise .
5 : 3 For I verily , as absent in body , but present in spirit , have judged already , as though I were present , concerning him that hath so done this deed , 5 : 4 In the name of our Lord Jesus Christ , when ye are gathered together , and my spirit , with the power of our Lord Jesus Christ , 5 : 5 To deliver such an one unto Satan for the destruction of the flesh , that the spirit may be saved in the day of the Lord Jesus .
5 : 7 Purge out therefore the old leaven , that ye may be a new lump , as ye are unleavened .
7 : 5 Defraud ye not one the other , except it be with consent for a time , that ye may give yourselves to fasting and prayer ; and come together again , that Satan tempt you not for your incontinency .
care not for it : but if thou mayest be made free , use it rather .
He that is unmarried careth for the things that belong to the Lord , how he may please the Lord : 7 : 33 But he that is married careth for the things that are of the world , how he may please his wife .
The unmarried woman careth for the things of the Lord , that she may be holy both in body and in spirit : but she that is married careth for the things of the world , how she may please her husband .
7 : 35 And this I speak for your own profit ; not that I may cast a snare upon you , but for that which is comely , and that ye may attend upon the Lord without distraction .
Verily that , when I preach the gospel , I may make the gospel of Christ without charge , that I abuse not my power in the gospel .
So run , that ye may obtain .
10 : 13 There hath no temptation taken you but such as is common to man : but God is faithful , who will not suffer you to be tempted above that ye are able ; but will with the temptation also make a way to escape , that ye may be able to bear it .
10 : 32 Give none offence , neither to the Jews , nor to the Gentiles , nor to the church of God : 10 : 33 Even as I please all men in all things , not seeking mine own profit , but the profit of many , that they may be saved .
11 : 19 For there must be also heresies among you , that they which are approved may be made manifest among you .
14 : 1 Follow after charity , and desire spiritual gifts , but rather that ye may prophesy .
14 : 5 I would that ye all spake with tongues but rather that ye prophesied : for greater is he that prophesieth than he that speaketh with tongues , except he interpret , that the church may receive edifying .
14 : 10 There are , it may be , so many kinds of voices in the world , and none of them is without signification .
14 : 12 Even so ye , forasmuch as ye are zealous of spiritual gifts , seek that ye may excel to the edifying of the church .
14 : 13 Wherefore let him that speaketh in an unknown tongue pray that he may interpret .
14 : 31 For ye may all prophesy one by one , that all may learn , and all may be comforted .
15 : 28 And when all things shall be subdued unto him , then shall the Son also himself be subject unto him that put all things under him , that God may be all in all .
15 : 36 Thou fool , that which thou sowest is not quickened , except it die : 15 : 37 And that which thou sowest , thou sowest not that body that shall be , but bare grain , it may chance of wheat , or of some other grain : 15 : 38 But God giveth it a body as it hath pleased him , and to every seed his own body .
16 : 6 And it may be that I will abide , yea , and winter with you , that ye may bring me on my journey whithersoever I go .
16 : 10 Now if Timotheus come , see that he may be with you without fear : for he worketh the work of the Lord , as I also do .
16 : 11 Let no man therefore despise him : but conduct him forth in peace , that he may come unto me : for I look for him with the brethren .
1 : 3 Blessed be God , even the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ , the Father of mercies , and the God of all comfort ; 1 : 4 Who comforteth us in all our tribulation , that we may be able to comfort them which are in any trouble , by the comfort wherewith we ourselves are comforted of God .
1 : 8 For we would not , brethren , have you ignorant of our trouble which came to us in Asia , that we were pressed out of measure , above strength , insomuch that we despaired even of life : 1 : 9 But we had the sentence of death in ourselves , that we should not trust in ourselves , but in God which raiseth the dead : 1 : 10 Who delivered us from so great a death , and doth deliver : in whom we trust that he will yet deliver us ; 1 : 11 Ye also helping together by prayer for us , that for the gift bestowed upon us by the means of many persons thanks may be given by many on our behalf .
2 : 5 But if any have caused grief , he hath not grieved me , but in part : that I may not overcharge you all .
4 : 7 But we have this treasure in earthen vessels , that the excellency of the power may be of God , and not of us .
5 : 9 Wherefore we labour , that , whether present or absent , we may be accepted of him .
5 : 10 For we must all appear before the judgment seat of Christ ; that every one may receive the things done in his body , according to that he hath done , whether it be good or bad .
5 : 12 For we commend not ourselves again unto you , but give you occasion to glory on our behalf , that ye may have somewhat to answer them which glory in appearance , and not in heart .
8 : 11 Now therefore perform the doing of it ; that as there was a readiness to will , so there may be a performance also out of that which ye have .
8 : 13 For I mean not that other men be eased , and ye burdened : 8 : 14 But by an equality , that now at this time your abundance may be a supply for their want , that their abundance also may be a supply for your want : that there may be equality : 8 : 15 As it is written , He that had gathered much had nothing over ; and he that had gathered little had no lack .
9 : 3 Yet have I sent the brethren , lest our boasting of you should be in vain in this behalf ; that , as I said , ye may be ready : 9 : 4 Lest haply if they of Macedonia come with me , and find you unprepared , we ( that we say not , ye ) should be ashamed in this same confident boasting .
9 : 8 And God is able to make all grace abound toward you ; that ye , always having all sufficiency in all things , may abound to every good work : 9 : 9 ( As it is written , He hath dispersed abroad ; he hath given to the poor : his righteousness remaineth for ever .
10 : 1 Now I Paul myself beseech you by the meekness and gentleness of Christ , who in presence am base among you , but being absent am bold toward you : 10 : 2 But I beseech you , that I may not be bold when I am present with that confidence , wherewith I think to be bold against some , which think of us as if we walked according to the flesh .
10 : 8 For though I should boast somewhat more of our authority , which the Lord hath given us for edification , and not for your destruction , I should not be ashamed : 10 : 9 That I may not seem as if I would terrify you by letters .
11 : 2 For I am jealous over you with godly jealousy : for I have espoused you to one husband , that I may present you as a chaste virgin to Christ .
11 : 12 But what I do , that I will do , that I may cut off occasion from them which desire occasion ; that wherein they glory , they may be found even as we .
11 : 16 I say again , Let no man think me a fool ; if otherwise , yet as a fool receive me , that I may boast myself a little .
Most gladly therefore will I rather glory in my infirmities , that the power of Christ may rest upon me .
6 : 13 For neither they themselves who are circumcised keep the law ; but desire to have you circumcised , that they may glory in your flesh .
1 : 15 Wherefore I also , after I heard of your faith in the Lord Jesus , and love unto all the saints , 1 : 16 Cease not to give thanks for you , making mention of you in my prayers ; 1 : 17 That the God of our Lord Jesus Christ , the Father of glory , may give unto you the spirit of wisdom and revelation in the knowledge of him : 1 : 18 The eyes of your understanding being enlightened ; that ye may know what is the hope of his calling , and what the riches of the glory of his inheritance in the saints , 1 : 19 And what is the exceeding greatness of his power to us - ward who believe , according to the working of his mighty power , 1 : 20 Which he wrought in Christ , when he raised him from the dead , and set him at his own right hand in the heavenly places , 1 : 21 Far above all principality , and power , and might , and dominion , and every name that is named , not only in this world , but also in that which is to come : 1 : 22 And hath put all things under his feet , and gave him to be the head over all things to the church , 1 : 23 Which is his body , the fulness of him that filleth all in all .
3 : 1 For this cause I Paul , the prisoner of Jesus Christ for you Gentiles , 3 : 2 If ye have heard of the dispensation of the grace of God which is given me to you - ward : 3 : 3 How that by revelation he made known unto me the mystery ; ( as I wrote afore in few words , 3 : 4 Whereby , when ye read , ye may understand my knowledge in the mystery of Christ ) 3 : 5 Which in other ages was not made known unto the sons of men , as it is now revealed unto his holy apostles and prophets by the Spirit ; 3 : 6 That the Gentiles should be fellowheirs , and of the same body , and partakers of his promise in Christ by the gospel : 3 : 7 Whereof I was made a minister , according to the gift of the grace of God given unto me by the effectual working of his power .
3 : 14 For this cause I bow my knees unto the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ , 3 : 15 Of whom the whole family in heaven and earth is named , 3 : 16 That he would grant you , according to the riches of his glory , to be strengthened with might by his Spirit in the inner man ; 3 : 17 That Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith ; that ye , being rooted and grounded in love , 3 : 18 May be able to comprehend with all saints what is the breadth , and length , and depth , and height ; 3 : 19 And to know the love of Christ , which passeth knowledge , that ye might be filled with all the fulness of God .
4 : 11 And he gave some , apostles ; and some , prophets ; and some , evangelists ; and some , pastors and teachers ; 4 : 12 For the perfecting of the saints , for the work of the ministry , for the edifying of the body of Christ : 4 : 13 Till we all come in the unity of the faith , and of the knowledge of the Son of God , unto a perfect man , unto the measure of the stature of the fulness of Christ : 4 : 14 That we henceforth be no more children , tossed to and fro , and carried about with every wind of doctrine , by the sleight of men , and cunning craftiness , whereby they lie in wait to deceive ; 4 : 15 But speaking the truth in love , may grow up into him in all things , which is the head , even Christ : 4 : 16 From whom the whole body fitly joined together and compacted by that which every joint supplieth , according to the effectual working in the measure of every part , maketh increase of the body unto the edifying of itself in love .
4 : 28 Let him that stole steal no more : but rather let him labour , working with his hands the thing which is good , that he may have to give to him that needeth .
4 : 29 Let no corrupt communication proceed out of your mouth , but that which is good to the use of edifying , that it may minister grace unto the hearers .
6 : 2 Honour thy father and mother ; which is the first commandment with promise ; 6 : 3 That it may be well with thee , and thou mayest live long on the earth .
6 : 11 Put on the whole armour of God , that ye may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil .
6 : 13 Wherefore take unto you the whole armour of God , that ye may be able to withstand in the evil day , and having done all , to stand .
6 : 17 And take the helmet of salvation , and the sword of the Spirit , which is the word of God : 6 : 18 Praying always with all prayer and supplication in the Spirit , and watching thereunto with all perseverance and supplication for all saints ; 6 : 19 And for me , that utterance may be given unto me , that I may open my mouth boldly , to make known the mystery of the gospel , 6 : 20 For which I am an ambassador in bonds : that therein I may speak boldly , as I ought to speak .
6 : 21 But that ye also may know my affairs , and how I do , Tychicus , a beloved brother and faithful minister in the Lord , shall make known to you all things : 6 : 22 Whom I have sent unto you for the same purpose , that ye might know our affairs , and that he might comfort your hearts .
1 : 9 And this I pray , that your love may abound yet more and more in knowledge and in all judgment ; 1 : 10 That ye may approve things that are excellent ; that ye may be sincere and without offence till the day of Christ .
1 : 25 And having this confidence , I know that I shall abide and continue with you all for your furtherance and joy of faith ; 1 : 26 That your rejoicing may be more abundant in Jesus Christ for me by my coming to you again .
1 : 27 Only let your conversation be as it becometh the gospel of Christ : that whether I come and see you , or else be absent , I may hear of your affairs , that ye stand fast in one spirit , with one mind striving together for the faith of the gospel ; 1 : 28 And in nothing terrified by your adversaries : which is to them an evident token of perdition , but to you of salvation , and that of God .
2 : 14 Do all things without murmurings and disputings : 2 : 15 That ye may be blameless and harmless , the sons of God , without rebuke , in the midst of a crooked and perverse nation , among whom ye shine as lights in the world ; 2 : 16 Holding forth the word of life ; that I may rejoice in the day of Christ , that I have not run in vain , neither laboured in vain .
2 : 19 But I trust in the Lord Jesus to send Timotheus shortly unto you , that I also may be of good comfort , when I know your state .
2 : 28 I sent him therefore the more carefully , that , when ye see him again , ye may rejoice , and that I may be the less sorrowful .
3 : 8 Yea doubtless , and I count all things but loss for the excellency of the knowledge of Christ Jesus my Lord : for whom I have suffered the loss of all things , and do count them but dung , that I may win Christ , 3 : 9 And be found in him , not having mine own righteousness , which is of the law , but that which is through the faith of Christ , the righteousness which is of God by faith : 3 : 10 That I may know him , and the power of his resurrection , and the fellowship of his sufferings , being made conformable unto his death ; 3 : 11 If by any means I might attain unto the resurrection of the dead .
3 : 12 Not as though I had already attained , either were already perfect : but I follow after , if that I may apprehend that for which also I am apprehended of Christ Jesus .
3 : 20 For our conversation is in heaven ; from whence also we look for the Saviour , the Lord Jesus Christ : 3 : 21 Who shall change our vile body , that it may be fashioned like unto his glorious body , according to the working whereby he is able even to subdue all things unto himself .
4 : 17 Not because I desire a gift : but I desire fruit that may abound to your account .
1 : 21 And you , that were sometime alienated and enemies in your mind by wicked works , yet now hath he reconciled 1 : 22 In the body of his flesh through death , to present you holy and unblameable and unreproveable in his sight : 1 : 23 If ye continue in the faith grounded and settled , and be not moved away from the hope of the gospel , which ye have heard , and which was preached to every creature which is under heaven ; whereof I Paul am made a minister ; 1 : 24 Who now rejoice in my sufferings for you , and fill up that which is behind of the afflictions of Christ in my flesh for his body ' s sake , which is the church : 1 : 25 Whereof I am made a minister , according to the dispensation of God which is given to me for you , to fulfil the word of God ; 1 : 26 Even the mystery which hath been hid from ages and from generations , but now is made manifest to his saints : 1 : 27 To whom God would make known what is the riches of the glory of this mystery among the Gentiles ; which is Christ in you , the hope of glory : 1 : 28 Whom we preach , warning every man , and teaching every man in all wisdom ; that we may present every man perfect in Christ Jesus : 1 : 29 Whereunto I also labour , striving according to his working , which worketh in me mightily .
4 : 2 Continue in prayer , and watch in the same with thanksgiving ; 4 : 3 Withal praying also for us , that God would open unto us a door of utterance , to speak the mystery of Christ , for which I am also in bonds : 4 : 4 That I may make it manifest , as I ought to speak .
4 : 6 Let your speech be alway with grace , seasoned with salt , that ye may know how ye ought to answer every man .
4 : 12 Epaphras , who is one of you , a servant of Christ , saluteth you , always labouring fervently for you in prayers , that ye may stand perfect and complete in all the will of God .
3 : 12 And the Lord make you to increase and abound in love one toward another , and toward all men , even as we do toward you : 3 : 13 To the end he may stablish your hearts unblameable in holiness before God , even our Father , at the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ with all his saints .
4 : 10 And indeed ye do it toward all the brethren which are in all Macedonia : but we beseech you , brethren , that ye increase more and more ; 4 : 11 And that ye study to be quiet , and to do your own business , and to work with your own hands , as we commanded you ; 4 : 12 That ye may walk honestly toward them that are without , and that ye may have lack of nothing .
1 : 3 We are bound to thank God always for you , brethren , as it is meet , because that your faith groweth exceedingly , and the charity of every one of you all toward each other aboundeth ; 1 : 4 So that we ourselves glory in you in the churches of God for your patience and faith in all your persecutions and tribulations that ye endure : 1 : 5 Which is a manifest token of the righteous judgment of God , that ye may be counted worthy of the kingdom of God , for which ye also suffer : 1 : 6 Seeing it is a righteous thing with God to recompense tribulation to them that trouble you ; 1 : 7 And to you who are troubled rest with us , when the Lord Jesus shall be revealed from heaven with his mighty angels , 1 : 8 In flaming fire taking vengeance on them that know not God , and that obey not the gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ : 1 : 9 Who shall be punished with everlasting destruction from the presence of the Lord , and from the glory of his power ; 1 : 10 When he shall come to be glorified in his saints , and to be admired in all them that believe ( because our testimony among you was believed ) in that day .
1 : 11 Wherefore also we pray always for you , that our God would count you worthy of this calling , and fulfil all the good pleasure of his goodness , and the work of faith with power : 1 : 12 That the name of our Lord Jesus Christ may be glorified in you , and ye in him , according to the grace of our God and the Lord Jesus Christ .
3 : 1 Finally , brethren , pray for us , that the word of the Lord may have free course , and be glorified , even as it is with you : 3 : 2 And that we may be delivered from unreasonable and wicked men : for all men have not faith .
3 : 14 And if any man obey not our word by this epistle , note that man , and have no company with him , that he may be ashamed .
1 : 18 This charge I commit unto thee , son Timothy , according to the prophecies which went before on thee , that thou by them mightest war a good warfare ; 1 : 19 Holding faith , and a good conscience ; which some having put away concerning faith have made shipwreck : 1 : 20 Of whom is Hymenaeus and Alexander ; whom I have delivered unto Satan , that they may learn not to blaspheme .
2 : 1 I exhort therefore , that , first of all , supplications , prayers , intercessions , and giving of thanks , be made for all men ; 2 : 2 For kings , and for all that are in authority ; that we may lead a quiet and peaceable life in all godliness and honesty .
3 : 14 These things write I unto thee , hoping to come unto thee shortly : 3 : 15 But if I tarry long , that thou mayest know how thou oughtest to behave thyself in the house of God , which is the church of the living God , the pillar and ground of the truth .
4 : 15 Meditate upon these things ; give thyself wholly to them ; that thy profiting may appear to all .
5 : 7 And these things give in charge , that they may be blameless .
5 : 16 If any man or woman that believeth have widows , let them relieve them , and let not the church be charged ; that it may relieve them that are widows indeed .
5 : 20 Them that sin rebuke before all , that others also may fear .
6 : 17 Charge them that are rich in this world , that they be not highminded , nor trust in uncertain riches , but in the living God , who giveth us richly all things to enjoy ; 6 : 18 That they do good , that they be rich in good works , ready to distribute , willing to communicate ; 6 : 19 Laying up in store for themselves a good foundation against the time to come , that they may lay hold on eternal life .
1 : 3 I thank God , whom I serve from my forefathers with pure conscience , that without ceasing I have remembrance of thee in my prayers night and day ; 1 : 4 Greatly desiring to see thee , being mindful of thy tears , that I may be filled with joy ; 1 : 5 When I call to remembrance the unfeigned faith that is in thee , which dwelt first in thy grandmother Lois , and thy mother Eunice ; and I am persuaded that in thee also .
1 : 18 The Lord grant unto him that he may find mercy of the Lord in that day : and in how many things he ministered unto me at Ephesus , thou knowest very well .
2 : 4 No man that warreth entangleth himself with the affairs of this life ; that he may please him who hath chosen him to be a soldier .
2 : 10 Therefore I endure all things for the elect ' s sakes , that they may also obtain the salvation which is in Christ Jesus with eternal glory .
2 : 24 And the servant of the Lord must not strive ; but be gentle unto all men , apt to teach , patient , 2 : 25 In meekness instructing those that oppose themselves ; if God peradventure will give them repentance to the acknowledging of the truth ; 2 : 26 And that they may recover themselves out of the snare of the devil , who are taken captive by him at his will .
3 : 16 All scripture is given by inspiration of God , and is profitable for doctrine , for reproof , for correction , for instruction in righteousness : 3 : 17 That the man of God may be perfect , throughly furnished unto all good works .
4 : 16 At my first answer no man stood with me , but all men forsook me : I pray God that it may not be laid to their charge .
1 : 7 For a bishop must be blameless , as the steward of God ; not selfwilled , not soon angry , not given to wine , no striker , not given to filthy lucre ; 1 : 8 But a lover of hospitality , a lover of good men , sober , just , holy , temperate ; 1 : 9 Holding fast the faithful word as he hath been taught , that he may be able by sound doctrine both to exhort and to convince the gainsayers .
Wherefore rebuke them sharply , that they may be sound in the faith ; 1 : 14 Not giving heed to Jewish fables , and commandments of men , that turn from the truth .
2 : 3 The aged women likewise , that they be in behaviour as becometh holiness , not false accusers , not given to much wine , teachers of good things ; 2 : 4 That they may teach the young women to be sober , to love their husbands , to love their children , 2 : 5 To be discreet , chaste , keepers at home , good , obedient to their own husbands , that the word of God be not blasphemed .
2 : 7 In all things shewing thyself a pattern of good works : in doctrine shewing uncorruptness , gravity , sincerity , 2 : 8 Sound speech , that cannot be condemned ; that he that is of the contrary part may be ashamed , having no evil thing to say of you .
2 : 9 Exhort servants to be obedient unto their own masters , and to please them well in all things ; not answering again ; 2 : 10 Not purloining , but shewing all good fidelity ; that they may adorn the doctrine of God our Saviour in all things .
1 : 4 I thank my God , making mention of thee always in my prayers , 1 : 5 Hearing of thy love and faith , which thou hast toward the Lord Jesus , and toward all saints ; 1 : 6 That the communication of thy faith may become effectual by the acknowledging of every good thing which is in you in Christ Jesus .
4 : 16 Let us therefore come boldly unto the throne of grace , that we may obtain mercy , and find grace to help in time of need .
5 : 1 For every high priest taken from among men is ordained for men in things pertaining to God , that he may offer both gifts and sacrifices for sins : 5 : 2 Who can have compassion on the ignorant , and on them that are out of the way ; for that he himself also is compassed with infirmity .
7 : 9 And as I may so say , Levi also , who receiveth tithes , payed tithes in Abraham .
He taketh away the first , that he may establish the second .
12 : 27 And this word , Yet once more , signifieth the removing of those things that are shaken , as of things that are made , that those things which cannot be shaken may remain .
12 : 28 Wherefore we receiving a kingdom which cannot be moved , let us have grace , whereby we may serve God acceptably with reverence and godly fear : 12 : 29 For our God is a consuming fire .
13 : 6 So that we may boldly say , The Lord is my helper , and I will not fear what man shall do unto me .
13 : 17 Obey them that have the rule over you , and submit yourselves : for they watch for your souls , as they that must give account , that they may do it with joy , and not with grief : for that is unprofitable for you .
13 : 19 But I beseech you the rather to do this , that I may be restored to you the sooner .
1 : 4 But let patience have her perfect work , that ye may be perfect and entire , wanting nothing .
2 : 18 Yea , a man may say , Thou hast faith , and I have works : shew me thy faith without thy works , and I will shew thee my faith by my works .
3 : 3 Behold , we put bits in the horses ' mouths , that they may obey us ; and we turn about their whole body .
4 : 3 Ye ask , and receive not , because ye ask amiss , that ye may consume it upon your lusts .
5 : 16 Confess your faults one to another , and pray one for another , that ye may be healed .
2 : 1 Wherefore laying aside all malice , and all guile , and hypocrisies , and envies , all evil speakings , 2 : 2 As newborn babes , desire the sincere milk of the word , that ye may grow thereby : 2 : 3 If so be ye have tasted that the Lord is gracious .
2 : 11 Dearly beloved , I beseech you as strangers and pilgrims , abstain from fleshly lusts , which war against the soul ; 2 : 12 Having your conversation honest among the Gentiles : that , whereas they speak against you as evildoers , they may by your good works , which they shall behold , glorify God in the day of visitation .
2 : 15 For so is the will of God , that with well doing ye may put to silence the ignorance of foolish men : 2 : 16 As free , and not using your liberty for a cloke of maliciousness , but as the servants of God .
3 : 1 Likewise , ye wives , be in subjection to your own husbands ; that , if any obey not the word , they also may without the word be won by the conversation of the wives ; 3 : 2 While they behold your chaste conversation coupled with fear .
3 : 14 But and if ye suffer for righteousness ' sake , happy are ye : and be not afraid of their terror , neither be troubled ; 3 : 15 But sanctify the Lord God in your hearts : and be ready always to give an answer to every man that asketh you a reason of the hope that is in you with meekness and fear : 3 : 16 Having a good conscience ; that , whereas they speak evil of you , as of evildoers , they may be ashamed that falsely accuse your good conversation in Christ .
4 : 3 For the time past of our life may suffice us to have wrought the will of the Gentiles , when we walked in lasciviousness , lusts , excess of wine , revellings , banquetings , and abominable idolatries : 4 : 4 Wherein they think it strange that ye run not with them to the same excess of riot , speaking evil of you : 4 : 5 Who shall give account to him that is ready to judge the quick and the dead .
4 : 11 If any man speak , let him speak as the oracles of God ; if any man minister , let him do it as of the ability which God giveth : that God in all things may be glorified through Jesus Christ , to whom be praise and dominion for ever and ever .
4 : 12 Beloved , think it not strange concerning the fiery trial which is to try you , as though some strange thing happened unto you : 4 : 13 But rejoice , inasmuch as ye are partakers of Christ ' s sufferings ; that , when his glory shall be revealed , ye may be glad also with exceeding joy .
5 : 6 Humble yourselves therefore under the mighty hand of God , that he may exalt you in due time : 5 : 7 Casting all your care upon him ; for he careth for you .
5 : 8 Be sober , be vigilant ; because your adversary the devil , as a roaring lion , walketh about , seeking whom he may devour : 5 : 9 Whom resist stedfast in the faith , knowing that the same afflictions are accomplished in your brethren that are in the world .
1 : 15 Moreover I will endeavour that ye may be able after my decease to have these things always in remembrance .
3 : 1 This second epistle , beloved , I now write unto you ; in both which I stir up your pure minds by way of remembrance : 3 : 2 That ye may be mindful of the words which were spoken before by the holy prophets , and of the commandment of us the apostles of the Lord and Saviour : 3 : 3 Knowing this first , that there shall come in the last days scoffers , walking after their own lusts , 3 : 4 And saying , Where is the promise of his coming ?
3 : 14 Wherefore , beloved , seeing that ye look for such things , be diligent that ye may be found of him in peace , without spot , and blameless .
1 : 1 That which was from the beginning , which we have heard , which we have seen with our eyes , which we have looked upon , and our hands have handled , of the Word of life ; 1 : 2 ( For the life was manifested , and we have seen it , and bear witness , and shew unto you that eternal life , which was with the Father , and was manifested unto us ;) 1 : 3 That which we have seen and heard declare we unto you , that ye also may have fellowship with us : and truly our fellowship is with the Father , and with his Son Jesus Christ .
1 : 4 And these things write we unto you , that your joy may be full .
2 : 28 And now , little children , abide in him ; that , when he shall appear , we may have confidence , and not be ashamed before him at his coming .
4 : 17 Herein is our love made perfect , that we may have boldness in the day of judgment : because as he is , so are we in this world .
5 : 13 These things have I written unto you that believe on the name of the Son of God ; that ye may know that ye have eternal life , and that ye may believe on the name of the Son of God .
5 : 20 And we know that the Son of God is come , and hath given us an understanding , that we may know him that is true , and we are in him that is true , even in his Son Jesus Christ .
1 : 12 Having many things to write unto you , I would not write with paper and ink : but I trust to come unto you , and speak face to face , that our joy may be full .
1 : 2 Beloved , I wish above all things that thou mayest prosper and be in health , even as thy soul prospereth .
2 : 10 Fear none of those things which thou shalt suffer : behold , the devil shall cast some of you into prison , that ye may be tried ; and ye shall have tribulation ten days : be thou faithful unto death , and I will give thee a crown of life .
3 : 17 Because thou sayest , I am rich , and increased with goods , and have need of nothing ; and knowest not that thou art wretched , and miserable , and poor , and blind , and naked : 3 : 18 I counsel thee to buy of me gold tried in the fire , that thou mayest be rich ; and white raiment , that thou mayest be clothed , and that the shame of thy nakedness do not appear ; and anoint thine eyes with eyesalve , that thou mayest see .
14 : 13 And I heard a voice from heaven saying unto me , Write , Blessed are the dead which die in the Lord from henceforth : Yea , saith the Spirit , that they may rest from their labours ; and their works do follow them .
19 : 17 And I saw an angel standing in the sun ; and he cried with a loud voice , saying to all the fowls that fly in the midst of heaven , Come and gather yourselves together unto the supper of the great God ; 19 : 18 That ye may eat the flesh of kings , and the flesh of captains , and the flesh of mighty men , and the flesh of horses , and of them that sit on them , and the flesh of all men , both free and bond , both small and great .
22 : 14 Blessed are they that do his commandments , that they may have right to the tree of life , and may enter in through the gates into the city .
" Piper , sit thee down and write In a book , that all may read ."
And I made a rural pen , And I stain ' d the water clear , And I wrote my happy songs Every child may joy to hear .
" And we are put on earth a little space , That we may learn to bear the beams of love And these black bodies and this sunburnt face Is but a cloud , and like a shady grove .
Oh He gives to us his joy , That our grief He may destroy : Till our grief is fled an gone He doth sit by us and moan .
A flower was offered to me , Such a flower as May never bore ; But I said " I ' ve a pretty rose tree ," And I passed the sweet flower o ' er .
gentle may I lay me down and gentle rest my head .
She said , " Men of earth , I will help you , come what may !"
The Country Mouse ran after , you may be sure , as fast as _he_ could .
" Then I ' ll go to the woods , so that the animals may see me ," said Little Jack .
There she perched , and she said to the old Fox , down below , " You may as well go home , for you can ' t get me ."
says she , " ye don ' t have me ; Ye may as well go home ."
It used to help Louisa to be good to play this , and I think it may have helped make her the splendid woman she was afterward .
I do not ask for any crown But that which all may win , Nor seek to conquer any world , Except the one within .
I give this explanation that the reader may know I do not presume to offer the little tale which follows as an " adaptation " of Andersen ' s famous story .
At that moment the baby ' s sister came to the princess and said , " Shall I go and find thee a nurse from the Hebrew women , so that she may nurse the child for thee ?"
Then may I beg you to speak a little more loudly , and make the matter quite clear ?
Make music , so that I may not hear these dreadful whispers !"
And the very first thing she said , when her father told her about it , was , " Oh , may I have a garden ?
_May_ I have a garden ?"
" You know , dear , the ground has to be made ready first ; it takes a little time ,-- it may be several days before you can plant ."
" May I help ?"
May I not kick my own dog , if I choose ?
" May you not do as you will ?
You may reach it to - day , if you will ; there is time , if you waste none .
I defy the armies of Israel this day ; give me a man , that we may fight together !"
This day will the Lord deliver thee into my hand , and I will smite thee , and take thy head from thee , and I will give the carcasses of the host of the Philistines this day unto the fowls of the air , and to the wild beasts of the earth , that all the earth may know that there is a God in Israel !
I will tell it to you now , and then you may learn it , to say for yourselves .
You may be sure that the postman was puzzled what to do with this letter when he sorted it out of the heap in the letter - box .
" May _I_ help you , please ?"
Now Buster Bear may be big and clumsy looking , but there isn ' t anything that can move much quicker than one of those big paws of his when he wants it to .
He may be a bully , because great big people are very apt to be bullies , and though I haven ' t seen him , I guess Buster Bear is big enough from all I have heard , but I don ' t see how he is a thief ," said Grandfather Frog .
" I have an idea that something interesting may happen if Buster doesn ' t change his mind ."
' Well , perhaps your feelings may be different ,' said Alice ; ' all I know is , it would feel very queer to ME .'
you may nurse it a bit , if you like !'
' I ' ve seen hatters before ,' she said to herself ; ' the March Hare will be much the most interesting , and perhaps as this is May it won ' t be raving mad -- at least not so mad as it was in March .'
I dare say there may be ONE .'
I think I may as well go in at once .'
' May it please your Majesty ,' said Two , in a very humble tone , going down on one knee as he spoke , ' we were trying --'
' I don ' t like the look of it at all ,' said the King : ' however , it may kiss my hand if it likes .'
' A cat may look at a king ,' said Alice .
' Yes , we went to school in the sea , though you mayn ' t believe it --'
' You may not have lived much under the sea --' (' I haven ' t ,' said Alice )--' and perhaps you were never even introduced to a lobster --' ( Alice began to say ' I once tasted --' but checked herself hastily , and said ' No , never ') '-- so you can have no idea what a delightful thing a Lobster Quadrille is !'
' I don ' t know where Dinn may be ,' said the Mock Turtle , ' but if you ' ve seen them so often , of course you know what they ' re like .'
' If that ' s all you know about it , you may stand down ,' continued the King .
' Then you may SIT down ,' the King replied .
' You may go ,' said the King , and the Hatter hurriedly left the court , without even waiting to put his shoes on .
" May I with all respect inquire ," asked the old monk , " what on earth you are talking about ?"
May I ask if you are going to leave me here ?"
" May I ask what you are going to do ?"
This kind of paradox may be clearly perceived by anybody who happens to be hanging in mid - space , clinging to one arm of the Cross of St . Paul ' s .
" May I ask why you smashed this worthy citizen ' s window ?"
Then he said , " May I say a word , your worship ?"
It may be excused , however , as a mere preliminary to further proceedings , a sort of preface .
If a man must not fight for this , may he fight for anything ?
I trust all that you said about asking Mr . Turnbull to fight , may be regarded as rubbish .
This rather wild gentleman promises that he will not attack me with any ordinary assault -- and if he does , you may be sure the police shall hear of it .
I bind myself over to keep the peace , and you may rest quite satisfied that there will be no duel with me in it ."
" One may be killed before they come ."
Our future action is a thing about which I myself entertain sufficiently strong views ; but I have no right to assume or to anticipate yours , though I may have formed a decided conception of your character and a decided notion of what they will probably be .
Then he said , " Mr . MacIan , may I offer you a cigar .
However democratic they may be , they are only concerned with the minority .
Fortunately , I know the part well , and if you will follow me exactly , and , when necessary , on your stomach , we may be able to get ten miles out of London , literally without meeting anyone at all , which will be the best possible beginning , at any rate .
We may be able to get fifty or sixty miles away without even walking into an inn door .
" Or else we may not want to fight at all ," answered Evan , and the end of his speech was like a despairing cry .
Turnbull took out his own sword suddenly as if to engage ; then planting it point downwards for a moment , he said , " Before we begin , may I ask you a question ?"
It may not be the devil , it may be some part of God I am not meant to know .
It may have been something deeper ... something strange .
You seem to me colder than a lump of stone ; but I am willing to believe that you may at some time have loved a cat , or a dog , or a child .
Give up vows and dogmas , and fixed things , and you may grow like That .
You may learn , also , that fog of false philosophy .
You may grow fond of that mire of crawling , cowardly morals , and you may come to think a blow bad , because it hurts , and not because it humiliates .
You may come to think murder wrong , because it is violent , and not because it is unjust .
" It may come to that ," answered Turnbull , " though if it does , I reckon that will be the last act .
" But , may I ask ," he said at last , " what the devil you are doing in my summer - house ?"
And I may as well tell you at the beginning and to avoid waste of time or language , that we cannot admit any interference ."
" Perhaps it is the South Sea Islands , or it may be Magdalen College ."
" You may say so in a very special and emphatic sense ," said Turnbull .
Turnbull turned for some reason a little red and remarked quickly , " That may be jolly clever , for all I know .
And you mean to say that if one may be disputed , so may the other .
Free - thought may be suggestive , it may be inspiriting , it may have as much as you please of the merits that come from vivacity and variety .
They may be progressing uphill and down ; they may be growing steadily better or steadily worse ; but they have steadily increased in certain definable matters ; they have steadily advanced in a certain definable direction ; they are the only two things , it seems , that ever _can_ progress .
But if you , and a few feverish men , in top hats , running about in a street in London , choose to differ as to the ideal itself , not only from the Church , but from the Parthenon whose name means virginity , from the Roman Empire which went outwards from the virgin flame , from the whole legend and tradition of Europe , from the lion who will not touch virgins , from the unicorn who respects them , and who make up together the bearers of your own national shield , from the most living and lawless of your own poets , from Massinger , who wrote the _Virgin Martyr_ , from Shakespeare , who wrote _Measure for Measure_ -- if you in Fleet Street differ from all this human experience , does it never strike you that it may be Fleet Street that is wrong ?"
You will laugh if I suggest that we may have made in Fleet Street an atmosphere in which a man can be so passionate as Sir Lancelot and as pure as Sir Galahad .
MacIan , though much heavier , avoided such an overthrow only by having the quick and incalculable feet of the mountaineer ; but both of them may be said to have leapt off a low cliff when they leapt into the road .
The lady ' s instantaneous arrest of speech might need more explaining ; but she may well have been stunned with the squalid attack and the abrupt rescue .
" You may be right ," he said at last ; " if you are , I must tell her ."
" I am afraid , madam , that we may have got you into some trouble ," he said , and even as he said it it sounded wrong , like everything he said to this particular person in the long gloves .
But I may be wrong ; there may be a way out .
What you are doing is so mad that it may be quite true .
She has left her good name and her good sleep and all her habits and dignity flung away on the other side of England in the hope that she may hear of us and that we have broken some hole into heaven ."
It seemed like a triumphant prophecy of some perfect world where everything being innocent will be intelligible ; a world where even our bodies , so to speak , may be as of burning glass .
It is highly probable that I may die here .
" We ' re very well matched -- it may go on a good time -- the tide is coming up fast -- and I ' m a foot and a half taller .
Turnbull glanced at the crucifix with a sort of scowling good - humour and then said : " He may look and see His cross defeated ."
Which reminds me to warn you that anything you say may be used against you at your trial ."
No one has ever hit me ; and if they had I should not feel as a man may .
" You may be right or wrong to risk dying ," said the girl , simply ; " the poor women in our village risk it whenever they have a baby .
Evan ' s mind went through a crisis of instantaneous casuistry , in which it may be that he decided wrongly ; but about how he decided his biographer can profess no doubt .
The police will never catch us ; but then neither may the public ever hear of us ; and that was one of the things we wanted ."
Then , after a pause , he said , drawing in the sand with his sword - point : " She may never hear of it at all ."
We must see what is at the end of the road of sand ; it may be a bridge built across the gulf by God ."
But a man may understand ragging and yet be very far from understanding religious ragging .
you may talk about the ugliness of science , but there is no one here who thinks he is Protoplasm ."
" For goodness sake ," he said , " don ' t offend this fellow ; he may be as mad as ten hatters , if you like , but he has us between his finger and thumb .
But don ' t you see that if the thing is thrashed out it will mean letters to this reference and telegrams to that ; and at the first word of who we are , we shall be taken out of a madhouse , where we may smoke , to a jail , where we mayn ' t .
No , if we manage this very quietly , he may merely let us out at the front door as stray revellers .
" I am most awfully sorry , Doctor ," said Turnbull , with ready amiability ; " I never meant to keep you waiting ; but the silly accident that has landed us in your garden may have some rather serious consequences to our friends elsewhere , and my friend here was just drawing my attention to some of them ."
But the unknown preserved an impenetrable silence for a long space and then only answered : " I must not say who I am until the end of the world ; but I may say what I am .
But even the cheerful inner life of a logician may be upset by a lunatic asylum , to say nothing of whiffs of memory from a lady in Jersey , and the little red - bearded man on this windy evening was in a dangerous frame of mind .
Plain and positive as he was , the influence of earth and sky may have been greater on him than he imagined ; and the weather that walked the world at that moment was as red and angry as Turnbull .
But it does it with the permanent possibility that the men may some day be more afraid of their enemies than of their officers .
It may be easier to get chocolate for nothing out of a shopkeeper than out of an automatic machine .
But he had forgotten how close efficiency has to pack everything together and how easily , therefore , a pipe here or there may leak .
" Men like MacIan and I may suffer unjustly all our lives , but a man like you must have influence ."
The fact that Turnbull had strolled away and was investigating rhododendrons may have been due to Evan ' s successful prayers to the other world , or possibly to his own pretty successful experience of this one .
But we , the lunatics , will wait to be burned alive if only we may see them go ."
A preliminary version may often be posted for suggestion , comment and editing by those who wish to do so .
Donations by check or money order may be sent to :
It also tells you how you may distribute copies of this eBook if you want to .
Despite these efforts , the Project ' s eBooks and any medium they may be on may contain " Defects ".
Among other things , Defects may take the form of incomplete , inaccurate or corrupt data , transcription errors , a copyright or other intellectual property infringement , a defective or damaged disk or other eBook medium , a computer virus , or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by your equipment .
LIMITED WARRANTY ; DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES But for the " Right of Replacement or Refund " described below , [ 1 ] Michael Hart and the Foundation ( and any other party you may receive this eBook from as a PROJECT GUTENBERG - tm eBook ) disclaims all liability to you for damages , costs and expenses , including legal fees , and [ 2 ] YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE OR UNDER STRICT LIABILITY , OR FOR BREACH OF WARRANTY OR CONTRACT , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO INDIRECT , CONSEQUENTIAL , PUNITIVE OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES , EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES .
If you received it on a physical medium , you must return it with your note , and such person may choose to alternatively give you a replacement copy .
If you received it electronically , such person may choose to alternatively give you a second opportunity to receive it electronically .
NO OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND , EXPRESS OR IMPLIED , ARE MADE TO YOU AS TO THE EBOOK OR ANY MEDIUM IT MAY BE ON , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE .
Some states do not allow disclaimers of implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of consequential damages , so the above disclaimers and exclusions may not apply to you , and you may have other legal rights .
DISTRIBUTION UNDER " PROJECT GUTENBERG - tm " You may distribute copies of this eBook electronically , or by disk , book or any other medium if you either delete this " Small Print !"
You may however , if you wish , distribute this eBook in machine readable binary , compressed , mark - up , or proprietary form , including any form resulting from conversion by word processing or hypertext software , but only so long as * EITHER *:
[*] The eBook , when displayed , is clearly readable , and does * not * contain characters other than those intended by the author of the work , although tilde (~), asterisk (*) and underline ( _ ) characters may be used to convey punctuation intended by the author , and additional characters may be used to indicate hypertext links ; OR
[*] The eBook may be readily converted by the reader at no expense into plain ASCII , EBCDIC or equivalent form by the program that displays the eBook ( as is the case , for instance , with most word processors ); OR
[ Portions of this eBook ' s header and trailer may be reprinted only when distributed free of all fees .
Project Gutenberg is a TradeMark and may not be used in any sales of Project Gutenberg eBooks or other materials be they hardware or software or any other related product without express permission .]
A particular flower may not be dead in early winter , but the flowers are dying ; a particular pebble may never be wetted with the tide , but the tide is coming in .
But we ' re talking too much ; you must come at once , and there may be time yet ."
Now when this is taken with the high - pitched and querulous voice which Miss MacNab described so vividly ( patience , my dear lady , patience ), when we take the hairless head together with the tone common in senile anger , I should think we may deduce some advance in years .
" I may say at once that it is possible that the man Glass was bald or nervous through dissipation rather than age .
But , as it happens , we may go farther .
Mr Todhunter may or may not possess this wine - service , but there is no appearance of his possessing any wine .
The whole of this affair of the ropes is a clever fake , to make us think him the victim of the struggle instead of the wretched Glass , whose corpse may be hidden in the garden or stuffed up the chimney ."
A place may be permitted to intuition , perhaps ( or poetry if you prefer the term ), but only because the corresponding details cannot as yet be ascertained .
There may have been some old jailbird called a King in the time of our grandmothers ; but he belongs to history if not to fable .
He carries it so that he may never be captured , like Cato ."
I will not conceal from you that the document ends with certain legal phrases about the unpleasant things that may happen if the money is not paid ; but meanwhile , ladies and gentlemen , let me assure you that I am comfortably off here for accommodation , wine and cigars , and bid you for the present a sportsman - like welcome to the luxuries of the Paradise of Thieves ."
" There may be ," said Father Brown agnostically .
But I could not help hearing Ezza say these words --` Well , let her have a little fun ; you know the blow may smash her any minute .'
" You may think you enlighten me , but you are leading me deeper in the dark .
What may be the third objection to the King of the Thieves ?"
" Signor Muscari ," said the cleric , " in this queer crisis personalities may be pardoned .
I may tell you without offence of a way in which you will do more good than by helping the gendarmes , who are bound to break through in any case .
There was an abrupt silence , and Armagnac said : " He may have excellent reasons for not meeting the man himself , but --"
The meaner part of him would already be saying : ` But they may have the sense to see that means the right .'
" It may be psychologically possible ," answered Flambeau , " and it certainly would explain Dreyfus being certain he was wronged and his judges being sure he was guilty .
Old Dubosc may be a bit mad , but he ' s a sort of patriot after all ."
But we may still be in time to catch him if we go there in a motor - cab ."
" He may have been bending forward ," said Cutler , in a hoarse and rather faint voice .
" Or again , he may not ," said Mr Butler , and sat down suddenly for the second time .
He may be in any hole or up any tree ."
You do not realize that a comparatively few years ago he may have been in a tenement or ( quite likely ) in a jail .
If so , the hand that held the lantern may not be unconnected with the hand that held the gun .
But I ' m not quite so ignorant , you may be surprised to hear .
" I ' m afraid you neglect the fashionable press rather ," he said , " but this cutting may interest you ."
" Arthur , you may say , might well complain of this ; but Arthur is my father over again .
"` Any little assistance ,' he continued with the same queer , priggish accent , ` that may obviate the necessity of my communicating with the family .'
" When Philip lifted his head at last from mending his net he looked rather red , as if sulky or ashamed ; but it may have been only the exertion of stooping and the red evening light ; I may have only had another of the morbid fancies that seemed to be dancing about me .
Well , you may say what you like and make it mean what you like .
As you may easily suppose , plenty of superstitions and scandals have followed in the track of the Spaniard ' s curse ; and no doubt , as you would put it , any accident happening to this Cornish family would be connected with it by rural credulity .
" Ah ," replied the sceptical traveller , " but you don ' t know how much of the old legend may have been made up from the old figures .
You may call me an atheist .
" You may remember ," said the priest quietly , " that the wooden fence that might have carried it was cut away ."
She might have seen something to interest her : the sign of the ship , or Mr Walter Pendragon coming home , and perhaps even the sign of the half - man , for though he is certainly safe by now , he may very well have waded ashore .
" Well ," said Flambeau , after an impatient silence , as they resumed their more conventional tramp through the streets on the edge of the town , where no outrage need be feared , " I don ' t know what all this means , but I take it I may trust my own eyes that you never met the man you have so accurately described ."
" I had hoped he had only a little ," answered Brown in a rather troubled voice , " and I may have been wrong in what I did .
" Old Boulnois may be squared -- or he may be square .
Over the black pine - wood came flying and flashing in the moon a naked sword -- such a slender and sparkling rapier as may have fought many an unjust duel in that ancient park .
" There again ," said the Yankee grimly , " I may be in a position to give the old country a fact or two .
May God have mercy on his soul .
We have found common things at last and marriage and a creed , And I may safely write it now , and you may safely read .
I say that there are some inhabitants who may remember the evening if only by that oppressive sky .
There are others who may remember it because it marked the first appearance in the place of the second poet of Saffron Park .
" It may well be ," he said , in his sudden lyrical manner , " it may well be on such a night of clouds and cruel colours that there is brought forth upon the earth such a portent as a respectable poet .
Both being sick and being rebellious may be the wholesome thing on certain desperate occasions ; but I ' m hanged if I can see why they are poetical .
It may be only a half - truth , quarter - truth , tenth - truth ; but then he says more than he means -- from sheer force of meaning it ."
Then after a pause he said , " But may I ask if you have been standing out here in the dark only to resume our little argument ?"
" Then may I ask you to swear by whatever gods or saints your religion involves that you will not reveal what I am now going to tell you to any son of Adam , and especially not to the police ?
I admit that there may be a slight disproportion , let us say , between the inner arrangements of this excellent hotel and its simple and unpretentious exterior .
May I smoke ?"
" It does seem to have a moral under all its gaiety ," assented Syme ; " but may I ask you two questions ?
You surround yourself with steel instruments which make the place , if I may say so , more impressive than homelike .
May I ask why , after taking all this trouble to barricade yourselves in the bowels of the earth , you then parade your whole secret by talking about anarchism to every silly woman in Saffron Park ?"
It is curious you should mention the matter , because the very night you have dropped in ( if I may so express it ) is the night on which our London branch , which assembles in this room , has to elect its own deputy to fill a vacancy in the Council .
They merely wish the property to become their property that they may more perfectly respect it .
A moment more , and you may lose the glory of working with us , perhaps the glory of dying with the last heroes of the world ."
For even the most dehumanised modern fantasies depend on some older and simpler figure ; the adventures may be mad , but the adventurer must be sane .
But if a gentleman puts on a top hat and a frock - coat , and then goes about on his hands and knees -- well , he may attract attention .
In the bright coloured Persian tiles and pictures showing tyrants hunting , you may see just those almond eyes , those blue - black beards , those cruel , crimson lips .
It may have been merely a crescendo of nervous fancy that had gone before , but those black discs were dreadful to Syme ; they reminded him of half - remembered ugly tales , of some story about pennies being put on the eyes of the dead .
And now may I ask you to control your beautiful sentiments , and sit down with the other gentlemen at this table .
The monkey is only the policeman that may be .
It may be conceded to the mathematicians that four is twice two .
I have made a rough alphabetical cypher corresponding to the five fingers -- like this , see ," and he rippled with his fingers on the wooden table --" B A D , bad , a word we may frequently require ."
" As I say ," resumed the Professor , like a man toiling through heavy sand , " the incident that has occurred to us and has led us to ask for information about the Marquis , is one which you may think it better to have narrated ; but as it came in the way of Comrade Syme rather than me --"
" Perhaps I should rather say ," said Syme on his fingers , " that it resembles that sudden smell of the sea which may be found in the heart of lush woods ."
It may be his digestion , or his conscience , or his nerves , or his philosophy of the universe , but he ' s damned , he ' s in hell !
I may be mad , but that ' s how I feel ; and there ' s jolly well the end of it ."
" Has it by any chance occurred to you ," asked the Professor , with a ponderous simplicity , " that the Marquis may not say all the forty - three things you have put down for him ?
In that case , I understand , your own epigrams may appear somewhat more forced ."
" It only remains ," continued Syme quite unperturbed , " to adopt some other method of breaking the ice ( if I may so express it ) between myself and the man I wish to kill .
Then perhaps he may kill me to console his feelings .
It may be my literary fancy , but somehow I feel that it ought to mean something ."
A secret society of anarchists is hunting us like hares ; not such unfortunate madmen as may here or there throw a bomb through starvation or German philosophy , but a rich and powerful and fanatical church , a church of eastern pessimism , which holds it holy to destroy mankind like vermin .
" Don ' t make too much noise ," said Inspector Ratcliffe , " Sunday may hear you ."
" Yes ," retorted Ratcliffe , " he may be with them ."
" There are a good number of them certainly , but they may easily be ordinary tourists ."
" Something may have happened in our absence ; but he cannot have carried the world with a rush like that .
But to kill the Supreme Council he regards as a trivial matter , like a post card ; it may be left to his private secretary ," and he spat on the grass .
" May I ask ," he said , " where on earth we are all going to ? "
He was a white - haired , apple - faced old boy , with sleepy eyes and a grey moustache ; stout , sedentary , and very innocent , of a type that may often be found in France , but is still commoner in Catholic Germany .
" May I ask you , Colonel ," he said in a low voice , " why we have come here ?"
" Yes ," answered Ducroix , " you may be quite certain that I gave orders the moment I came in .
" But we may not get it ," said Bull .
" He may have been forced ," said the Colonel gently .
Please God we may be there in ten minutes ."
" He may have been forced ," said Ratcliffe quietly .
No , I may be mad , but humanity isn ' t ."
We may all be killed , but we must kill a tidy number of them ."
" The poor chaps may be making a mistake .
" It may be ," said the Professor absently .
" Well ," said Syme , " if he ' s that particular kind of old gentleman , if you ' re quite sure that he ' s a large and fat old gentleman in grey clothes , you may take my word for it that the elephant has not run away with him .
Still , I may be allowed to ask why I should be particularly like Thursday in a green frock spotted all over with the sun and moon .
The philosopher may sometimes love the infinite ; the poet always loves the finite .
So that each thing that obeys law may have the glory and isolation of the anarchist .
So that each man fighting for order may be as brave and good a man as the dynamiter .
So that the real lie of Satan may be flung back in the face of this blasphemer , so that by tears and torture we may earn the right to say to this man , ' You lie !'
These rushes are in best condition in the height of summer , but may be gathered so as to serve the purpose well quite on to autumn .
A pound of common grease may be procured for fourpence , and about six pounds of grease will dip a pound of rushes and one pound of rushes may be bought for one shilling ; so that a pound of rushes , medicated and ready for use , will cost three shillings ."]
It is not only by their superior riches , but it is yet more by their superior knowledge , that persons in the higher rank of life may assist those in a lower condition .
" Ay , upon Lightfoot , you know , mother , very easily ; mayn ' t I ?"
The gardener will mark it off for you ; and when you ' ve done , the rest of the day you may do what you please ."
Lawrence was moved at the sound , and said to himself , " If _I_ begin with one halfpenny I may end , like him , with having twopence ; and it is easier to play at pitch farthing than to work ."
And all the way home , as he trudged along whistling , he was thinking over a scheme for making mats , which , however bold it may appear , he did not despair of executing , with patience and industry .
" Now we won ' t keep you any longer , only ," said his mistress , " I have one thing to ask you , that I may be by when you show your treasure to your mother ."
Pomfret , who really was a good woman , was softened at this idea , and said , " God forbid he should starve or steal , and God forbid I should say anything PREJUDICIARY of the boy ; for there may be no harm in him ."
Cunning people may go on cleverly in their devices for some time ; but although they may escape once , twice , perhaps ninety - nine times , what does that signify ?-- for the hundredth time they come to shame , and lose all their character .
" Put down the key , then , or you ' ll knock something else down ; and you may open the shutters now ; for I ' m quite awake ."
" If you had seen him , ma ' am , last night in the midst of the fire -- I ' m sure we may thank him that we were not burned alive in our beds -- and I shall never forget his coming to call me .
" That is but a short time ; yet you have conducted yourself so as to make me think I may depend upon you .
No , sir , you may be sure that they are plotting with their barbarous gang at the alehouse ; and they ' ll certainly break into the house to - night .
Waked as her custom was , before the day , To do the observance due to sprightly May .
In a retired hamlet on the borders of Wales , between Oswestry and Shrewsbury , it is still the custom to celebrate the 1st of May .
At her door the first branch of hawthorn was always placed on May morning , and her Susan was usually Queen of the May .
" She must make up the garlands ; and she shall be Queen of the May !"
Mamma says she wishes I may be like Susan , when I grow up to be a great girl , and so do I . I should not like to look conceited as Barbara does , if I was ever so rich ."
" You are chosen Queen of the May -- come , make haste .
She distinguished the merry voices of her companions " carolling in honour of the May ," and soon she saw them coming towards her father ' s cottage , with branches and garlands in their hands .
" Here ' s the Queen of the May ."
" It ' s a charming May morning ," added she , with a smile ; " good - bye .
This is the money that has been given to us in the village this May morning .
May every ambassador -- every ambassador in as good a cause -- answer with as much dignity and moderation as Rose replied to Barbara upon the present occasion .
You may go back , and tell her so ."
" This , to be sure , will go but a little way ," thought Susan ; " but still it may be of some use to my father ."
As for her mother , she dotes upon her , as well she may ; for I should myself if I had half such a daughter ; and then she has two little brothers ; and she ' s as good to them , and , my boy Philip says , taught ' em to read more than the school - mistress , all with tenderness and good nature ; but , I beg your pardon , ma ' am , I cannot stop myself when I once begin to talk of Susan ."
" One may see you ' ve been in good company this morning -- hey , Susan ?
My papa may well call her Simple Susan ; for simple she is , and simple she will be , all the world over .
" It was , sir ," said he , " a lease for the life of Peter Price , Susanna his wife , and to the survivor or survivors of them , or for the full time and term of twenty years , to be computed from the first day of May then next ensuing .
When you go home , you will be so good , sir , as to send me his lease , that I may satisfy myself before we stir in this business ."
My mother may get better in that time .
Undraw the curtain , that I may see you , and tell me ;-- I thought I heard some strange voice just now talking to my child .
" May the blessing of heaven be with him !"
" You may pass it , you know , as well as I do , if you look sharp .
" No later back , ma ' am , than last May morning ," said he , " as my daughter Rose was telling us , Susan did a turn , in her quiet way , by her mother , that would not displease you if you were to hear it .
She was to have been Queen of the May , which in our little village , amongst the younger tribe , is a thing that is thought of a good deal ; but Susan ' s mother was ill , and Susan , after sitting up with her all night , would not leave her in the morning , even when they brought the crown to her .
A few words may encourage the benevolent passions , and may dispose people to live in peace and happiness ; a few words may set them at variance , and may lead to misery and lawsuits .
She put the bright guinea carefully into the glove with the twelve shillings , which she had received from her companions on May day .
" I was thinking about it , boy , myself ," said the butcher ; " it ' s a sin to kill a PET LAMB , I ' m thinking -- any way , it ' s what I ' m not used to , and don ' t fancy doing , and I ' ll go and say as much to Attorney Case ; but he ' s a hard man ; there ' s but one way to deal with him , and that ' s the way I must take , though so be I shall be the loser thereby ; but we ' ll say nothing to the boys , for fear it might be the thing would not take ; and then it would be worse again to poor Susan , who is a good girl , and always was , as well as she may , being of a good breed , and well reared from the first ."
good news for us all !-- You have a whole week longer to stay with us ; and perhaps ," continued she , putting her little purse into his hands ,-- " perhaps with what ' s here , and the bread bills , and what may somehow be got together before a week ' s at an end , we may make up the nine guineas for the substitute , as they call him .
Who knows , dearest mother , but we may keep him with us for ever !"
" To be sure ," said the maid ; " it ' s the least one may expect from a lady who DEMEANS herself to visit Susan Price , and goes about a - shopping for her .
Sir Arthur , pray may I ask , when you carve a forequarter of lamb , do you , when you raise the shoulder , throw in salt , or not ?"
" If we were to accept a lamb from a rich neighbour on my estate ," said he , " I am afraid we should mortify many of our poor tenants , who can have little to offer , though , perhaps , they may bear us thorough good - will notwithstanding ."
" Why , ma ' am ," said he , " may I speak out ?"
All the children who had given up their little purse on May day were assembled on the play - green .
" Yes ," said Philip , " she ' ll not forget May day in a hurry ."
" Nor I neither , I hope ," said Susan , looking round upon her companions with a most affectionate smile : " I hope , whilst I live , I shall never forget your goodness to me last May day .
Perhaps some time or other I may be able to earn --"
" I ' ll tell you what , Susan Price ," said she , in a high tone , " the honey I WILL have , so you may as well give it to me by fair means .
" But it is not April , it is May , father ," said Susan .
Sir , I was the more loath to see it shut into his garden , which , moreover , is large enough of all conscience without it , because you must know , Sir Arthur , the children in our village are fond of making a little play - green of it ; and they have a custom of meeting on May day at a hawthorn that stands in the middle of it , and altogether I was very loath to see ' em turned out of it by those who have no right ."
" Then ," said Sir Arthur , " Mr . Price , you will observe that I now promise this little green to the children for a play - ground ; and I hope they may gather hawthorn many a May day at this their favourite bush ."
" You are attached to your own family , perhaps you may become attached to me , when you come to know me , and we shall have frequent opportunities of judging of one another .
And , Susan , I hear that instead of becoming Queen of the May this year , you were sitting in your sick mother ' s room .
" To be sure , to be sure , my boy ," said his father , laughing ; " I wish you may make the best messenger in Ireland of your pigeon ; but all I beg , my dear boy , is that you won ' t neglect our shop for your pigeon ; for I ' ve a notion we have a better chance of making a fortune by the shop than by the white pigeon ."
Their place of meeting was at the ale - house of Mr . Cox , the man who , as our readers may remember , was offended by Mr . Somerville ' s hinting that he was fond of drinking and of quarrelling , and who threatened vengeance for having been refused the new inn .
" May I call again , madam , this afternoon ?"
RESPECT is not an improper word , even applied to a child of Laura ' s age ; for let the age or situation of the person be what it may , they command respect who deserve it .
[ Extracted from the " Courier " of May , 1799 .]
Why , if I may be so bold , if you are not Mrs . Landlady , in the name of wonder what are you ?
And I hope , for YOUR sake , we may have as fine a day for the Montem to - morrow .
I give you notice , I ' m going back to Eton as fast as I can gallop ; and who knows what plain speaking may do with the Eton lads ?
I may be captain yet , Wheeler .
my dear , people may live to want , and wish for money , without being avaricious .
Now , indeed , I know that , without being avaricious , we may want , and wish for money .
Why , now , pray , Mrs . Landlady , how long may it have been the fashion for milliners to go about in men ' s clothes ?
She may never live to see another such a sight .
If I may be so bold to put in my word , madam , you ' d have as good beds , and be as well lodged , with Farmer Hearty , as in e ' er a house at Salt Hill .
That ' s as hereafter may be .
Connected , I mean , which is next door , as I may say , to being related .
And pray , sir , what may a bogberry be ?
Well , if he WILL go , let him go then , and much good may it do him .
Oh , the scale may turn back again .
So it well may be ; for it cost a mint of money .
But , my dear Miss Bursal , if I may be so bold -- if you ' d only disembosom your mind of what ' s on it --
So , my lord , to put an end to whatever of the kind you may have felt against poor Talbot , I ' ll assure you he ' s as innocent o ' that unfortunate song as the babe unborn .
This may be a good joke to you ; but it is none to me or Talbot .
You are not to know yet , mamma ; it is -- I may tell her that -- it is a little drawing that Louisa is doing for me .
And may I ask mamma , NOW ?
Lady P . Yes ; you may depend upon it -- it was the Airly Castle that was lost .
Lady P . It is to be hoped that the loss may at least check the foolish pride and extravagance of young Bursal , who , as my son tells me --
" How came you , pray , neighbour Grant , if a man may ask , by these wonderful fine raspberries ?"
" Like father like son -- you may think yourself well off to have done with him ."
Oh , father , and shall I never go again to work in his garden , and may not he come to mine ?"
So , wishing your Brobdingnag raspberries may turn out as well as ours , and longing to be all friends again , I am , with love to dear Arthur and self , " Your affectionate neighbour ' s son , " MAURICE GRANT .
Although this may be attributed to these islands being surrounded with a salt , and consequently a moist atmosphere , yet the ashes ( seaweed ashes ) made use of as manure , may also have their portion of influence .
Now , the reason I tell you this is , first , that you may know how to manage your raspberries , and next , because I remember you looked very grave , as if you were not pleased with my father , Mr . Grant , when he told you that the way by which he came by his Brobdingnag raspberries was a secret .
" Dear Maurice ," said Arthur --" you know I may call him dear Maurice -- now you are by , papa ; here are all the garden - tools ; take them , and welcome ."
We may thank this good little fellow ," continued he , turning to Maurice , " for our coming at last to a right understanding .
" You may keep the string for your pains ," said Mr . Gresham .
" And you , Hal ," continued Mr . Gresham , " you may keep your string too , if it will be of any use to you ."
" Come ," said he , " it can ' t be helped ; but give me the string because THAT may still be of use for something else ."
I ' ll give you a bow and arrow , and , perhaps , if you practise , you may make yourself an archer before the first of September ; and , in the meantime , you will not wish the fortnight to be over , for you will have something to do ."
" May be so ," said Mr . Gresham , still with the same look of calm simplicity ; " put on your hats , boys , and come with me .
" Oh , it is a pity to waste that good bun ; we may be glad of it yet ," said Ben ; " give it me rather than throw it away ."
" Shall we , may we , uncle , go that way ?
may tempt you to change your mind ."
he looked at you first , Ben -- and well he may !"
The string , as we may recollect , our wasteful hero had used in spinning his top .
You may shoot with your own bow , if you choose it , or you may not , just as you think proper ; but you must not lend it , sir ."
You may tell me your story as we go along .
For dinner , as sure as the clock strikes four -- but I mustn ' t stay prating , for it may be spoiling if I ' m away ; so I must wish your worship a good morning .
You may let that man know , William , that I have dispatched my OWN business , and am at leisure for his now ( taking a pinch of snuff ).
( At these words the landlady turns round inquisitively , and delays , that she may listen , while she is putting on and pinning her shawl .)
None of your flummery stuff will go down with his worship no more than with me , I give you warning ; so you may go further and fare worse , and spare your breath to cool your porridge .
Who and what may you be , friend , and what is your business with me ?
Go on , my good friend ; you see what it is to live in Old England , where , thank Heaven , the poorest of His Majesty ' s subjects may have justice , and speak his mind before the first in the land .
Why , what I say is this , that I don ' t dispute that that box , that you hold in your hands , is a box ; nay , for aught I know , it may be a tobacco - box -- but it ' s clear to me that if they left the box they did not take the money ; and how do you dare , sir , to come before Justice Headstrong with a lie in your mouth ; recollect yourself -- I ' ll give you time to recollect yourself .
Now I do desire , Mrs . Landlady , nobody may speak a single word whilst I am cross - examining the thief .
" You may laugh ; but I say it is the same sort of thing .
And why not have glass covers , that one may see one ' s dinner before one , before it grows cold with asking questions , Mrs . Carbuncle , and lifting up covers ?
She ' s a particular favourite of mine , you must know ; and I mean to do her a piece of service the first opportunity , by saying something or other , that shall go round to her relations in Northumberland , and make them do something for her ; as well they may , for they are all rolling in gold , and won ' t give her a penny ."
Stimulated by these plaudits , Frederick proceeded to show how Colonel Epaulette blew his nose , flourished his cambric handkerchief , bowed to Lady Diana Periwinkle , and admired her work , saying , " Done by no hands , as you may guess , but those of Fairly Fair ."
" In the name of heaven , who and what may you be ?
* To be sure ," added she , observing that both Frederick and Marianne looked displeased at this speech , " to be sure , if one may believe this story , there was some real danger ."
So I shall take an opportunity of saying , when I tell the story in all companies ; and the boy may thank his kind stars , I ' m sure , to the end of his days , for such an escape -- But pray , Christopher ," said she , persisting in her conversation with Christopher , who was now laying the cloth for supper , " pray , which house was it in Paradise Row ?
" Well , then ," said Mrs . Theresa , " you know it rests with yourselves , if you may do as you please ."
" To be sure I may , madam ," said Frederick , colouring from that species of emotion which is justly called false shame , and which often conquers real shame ; " to be sure , ma ' am , I may do as I please ."
" Then I may make sure of you ," said Mrs . Theresa ; " for now it would be downright rudeness to tell a lady you won ' t do as she pleases .
She was obliged to say , " Christopher , you may go ," before he would depart .
" Here is a place ," said he to Frederick , " where thou mayst speak the truth at all times , and before everybody ."
" May he come in ?
he may -- he is a brave , an honest , good , grateful boy .
" Frederick will never be persuaded again by anybody to do what he does not think right : and now , brother , you may wash your black countenance ."
It may seem surprising , that a GREAT DUNCE should be able to work upon a boy like an Archer , who was called a great genius ; but when genius is joined to a violent temper , instead of being united to good sense , it is at the mercy even of dunces .
" You may consult the old woman ," said Archer , bursting out a - laughing , " about what ' s right and wrong , if you please ; but no old woman shall decide for me ."
" Oh ," thought he to himself ; " Archer ' s so careless about money , he will never think of asking me for the half - crown again ; and now he ' ll want no candles for the THEATRE ; or , at anyrate , it will be some time first ; and maybe , Aunt Barbara may be got to give me that much at Christmas ; then , if the worst comes to the worst , one can pay Archer .
" So you may still ; what hinders you ?"
The sound of my hammering must waken them ; so I may as well do the thing handsomely , and flatter some of them by pretending to ask their advice ."
It may have surprised the intelligent reader that the gipsy was so punctual to her promise to Fisher , but we must recollect that her apparent integrity was only cunning ; she was punctual that she might be employed again , that she might be intrusted with the contribution which , she foresaw , must be raised amongst the famishing garrison .
Any man who chooses it may have a party as well as yourself , I suppose .
" You may speak for yourself , Mr . Townsend ," replied the insulted hero , " but not for me , or for Archers in general , if you please .
" And you , Townsend ," said Archer , " may look like a wit , if you will ; but you will never be a hero ."
You are out of your wits , and therefore may set up for a hero ."
Why , now we may defy the doctor and the Greybeards .
" That you may do ," said De Grey , stretching out his hand .
So we may triumph together ."
" Sir ," said Dr . Middleton , calmly , " I perceive that whatever else you may have learned in the course of your education , you have not been taught the meaning of the word punishment .
I have had the place cleaned , and you may return to it when you please .
I wish you may keep such a friend as you have now beside you ; one such friend is worth two such parties .
On the first day of May , about six o ' clock in the evening , a great bell rang , to summon this little society into a hall , where the prize was to be decided .
Let that triumph be moderate , that it may be lasting .
Consider , that though you are good , you may be better ; and , though wise , you may be weak .
" I didn ' t laugh at Louisa ; and I surely may laugh , for it does nobody any harm ."
" It may ," replied Mrs . Villars ; " but it is not wishes alone which can improve us in anything .
" That may be ," said Louisa ; " but I remember scratching that L with my own needle , and Cecilia scolded me for it , too .
' Then , madam ,' said she , ' if I must give it her , pray do take the Flora , and return it to her first , that she may not think it is for that I do it .'"
Others again endeavour to turn a few pence by buying a small matter of fruit , of pressed honey , cakes , and comfits , and then , like little peddlers , offer and sell them to other children , always for no more profit than that they may have their share of them free of expense .
" The buyers keep a sharp look out to see that they have enough for their little piece of copper ; and the Lilliputian tradesmen act with no less caution as the exigencies of the case may require , to prevent his being cheated out of a morsel ."
I ' ll come to the vineyard if it was ten miles off ; and all the time we stay in Naples ( may it not be so long as I fear it will !
With these make a fine figure amongst the little Neapolitan merchants ; and all I wish is that you may prosper as well , and by the same honest means , in managing for yourself , as you have done managing for me ."
" That is what you may do , if you please ," said Francisco .
" A lie may ruin you , but I could scarcely think the truth could ."
" I never dreamed of injuring you or anyone else ," said Carlo --" I wish , moreover , you may not injure yourself .
You may guess I should have been sorry enough to have lost it .
" Who knows but these things that I am learning now may be of some use to me before I die ?"
* We must give those of our young English readers who may not be acquainted with the ancient city of Herculaneum , some idea of it .
If you will give him some knowledge of your art , I will , as far as money can recompense you for your loss of time , pay whatever you may think reasonable for his instruction ."
His confidence in Francisco was much increased by this circumstance , slight as it may appear .
Nay , you must not refuse me - - I have set my heart upon the cow being milked by you this very evening ; and I ' ll produce my best bunches of grapes , and my father , perhaps , will give us a melon ; for I ' ve had no time for melons this season ; and I ' ll step to Naples and invite -- may I , mother ?-- my good friends , dear Carlo and your favourite little Rosetta , and my old drawing master , and my friend Arthur , and we ' ll sup with you at your dairy ."
" Yes , all the way most willingly ," cried Francisco , " that I may have the pleasure of giving to your father , with my own hands , this fine bunch of grapes , that I have reserved for him out of my own share ."
He fixed his eyes upon Francisco , then glanced at Carlo and Rosetta , and after a moment ' s consideration he began a story which bore some resemblance to one that our young English readers may , perhaps , know by the name of " Cornaro , or the Grateful Turk ."
" That I wish you joy of your prosperity , and hope you may enjoy it long and well ."
" Much good may they do him .
" SIGNOR Francisco I may , without impropriety , call him ," said the Improvisatore , " for he is likely to become rich enough to command the title from those who might not otherwise respect his merit ."
you have ' n ' t heard it yet ; you may as well know your text before you begin preaching ."
Perhaps we may find out the owner of this handkerchief another way ," examining the corners .
And may God bless you !"
laying his trembling hand on Hardy ' s head ; " may God bless you -- I ' m sure God WILL bless all such boys as you are ."
I ' ll make it of some use , if I may have it ."
" And I wish that as many chaises may go by to - morrow as there did to - day , and that we may bring you as many halfpence , grandmother ," said the little girl .
You may buy some gingerbread for yourselves , or some of those ripe plums that you saw at the fruit - stall the other day , which is just going into Dunstable .
" To wear when people are powdering their hair ," continued the gentleman , " that they may not spoil their other shoes ."
said the basket - woman , " if it would not be impertinent , may I speak a word ?
" We saw also abundance of large whales , there being more in those southern seas , as I may say , by a hundred to one ; than we have to the northward of us ."
" In 40 degrees south , we saw Spermacetti Whales , but did not take any till the first of May , the sea being then covered with them ."
" Pedestrians in the vicinity of London and elsewhere may recollect having seen large curved bones set upright in the earth , either to form arches over gateways , or entrances to alcoves , and they may perhaps have been told that these were the ribs of whales ."
True , they rather order me about some , and make me jump from spar to spar , like a grasshopper in a May meadow .
Well , then , however the old sea - captains may order me about -- however they may thump and punch me about , I have the satisfaction of knowing that it is all right ; that everybody else is one way or other served in much the same way -- either in a physical or metaphysical point of view , that is ; and so the universal thump is passed round , and all hands should rub each other ' s shoulder - blades , and be content .
As most young candidates for the pains and penalties of whaling stop at this same New Bedford , thence to embark on their voyage , it may as well be related that I , for one , had no idea of so doing .
With anxious grapnels I had sounded my pocket , and only brought up a few pieces of silver ,-- So , wherever you go , Ishmael , said I to myself , as I stood in the middle of a dreary street shouldering my bag , and comparing the gloom towards the north with the darkness towards the south -- wherever in your wisdom you may conclude to lodge for the night , my dear Ishmael , be sure to inquire the price , and don ' t be too particular .
Let us scrape the ice from our frosted feet , and see what sort of a place this " Spouter " may be .
Be that how it may , there stands the vast arched bone of the whale ' s jaw , so wide , a coach might almost drive beneath it .
Fill to THIS mark , and your charge is but a penny ; to THIS a penny more ; and so on to the full glass -- the Cape Horn measure , which you may gulp down for a shilling .
I ' ll have a good look at him then , and perhaps we may become jolly good bedfellows after all -- there ' s no telling .
But to - night he went out a peddling , you see , and I don ' t see what on airth keeps him so late , unless , may be , he can ' t sell his head ."
" May be not ," taking out a stick and whittling a toothpick , " but I rayther guess you ' ll be done BROWN if that ere harpooneer hears you a slanderin ' his head ."
" Good night , landlord ," said I , " you may go ."
But perhaps the mere crossing of Siberia in a sledge drawn by dogs as Ledyard did , or the taking a long solitary walk on an empty stomach , in the negro heart of Africa , which was the sum of poor Mungo ' s performances -- this kind of travel , I say , may not be the very best mode of attaining a high social polish .
Yes , Ishmael , the same fate may be thine .
I have read ye by what murky light may be mine the lesson that Jonah teaches to all sinners ; and therefore to ye , and still more to me , for I am a greater sinner than ye .
It may seem ridiculous , but it reminded me of General Washington ' s head , as seen in the popular busts of him .
Though at the time I but ill comprehended not a few of his words , yet subsequent disclosures , when I had become more familiar with his broken phraseology , now enable me to present the whole story such as it may prove in the mere skeleton I give .
You may have seen many a quaint craft in your day , for aught I know ;-- square - toed luggers ; mountainous Japanese junks ; butter - box galliots , and what not ; but take my word for it , you never saw such a rare old craft as this same rare old Pequod .
" And thou mayest as well sign the papers right off ," he added --" come along with ye ."
Bildad laid down his book , and turning solemnly towards him said , " Captain Peleg , thou hast a generous heart ; but thou must consider the duty thou owest to the other owners of this ship -- widows and orphans , many of them -- and that if we too abundantly reward the labors of this young man , we may be taking the bread from those widows and those orphans .
" Captain Peleg ," said Bildad steadily , " thy conscience may be drawing ten inches of water , or ten fathoms , I can ' t tell ; but as thou art still an impenitent man , Captain Peleg , I greatly fear lest thy conscience be but a leaky one ; and will in the end sink thee foundering down to the fiery pit , Captain Peleg ."
He ' s a grand , ungodly , god - like man , Captain Ahab ; doesn ' t speak much ; but , when he does speak , then you may well listen .
And , perhaps , other fools like her may tell thee the same .
But I thought , may be , you had both gone off and locked your baggage in for safe keeping .
Now , as I before hinted , I have no objection to any person ' s religion , be it what it may , so long as that person does not kill or insult any other person , because that other person don ' t believe it also .
But hows ' ever , mayhap , ye ' ve heard tell about the leg , and how he lost it ; aye , ye have heard of that , I dare say .
" I hope ye ' ll have fine weather now , so that Captain Ahab may soon be moving among ye -- a pleasant sun is all he needs , and ye ' ll have plenty of them in the tropic voyage ye go .
In the first place , it may be deemed almost superfluous to establish the fact , that among people at large , the business of whaling is not accounted on a level with what are called the liberal professions .
One way and another , it has begotten events so remarkable in themselves , and so continuously momentous in their sequential issues , that whaling may well be regarded as that Egyptian mother , who bore offspring themselves pregnant from her womb .
They may celebrate as they will the heroes of Exploring Expeditions , your Cooks , your Krusensterns ; but I say that scores of anonymous Captains have sailed out of Nantucket , that were as great , and greater than your Cook and your Krusenstern .
There is a saltcellar of state , so called , and there may be a castor of state .
Men may seem detestable as joint stock - companies and nations ; knaves , fools , and murderers there may be ; men may have mean and meagre faces ; but man , in the ideal , is so noble and so sparkling , such a grand and glowing creature , that over any ignominious blemish in him all his fellows should run to throw their costliest robes .
As a carpenter ' s nails are divided into wrought nails and cut nails ; so mankind may be similarly divided .
For , as when the red - cheeked , dancing girls , April and May , trip home to the wintry , misanthropic woods ; even the barest , ruggedest , most thunder - cloven old oak will at least send forth some few green sprouts , to welcome such glad - hearted visitants ; so Ahab did , in the end , a little respond to the playful allurings of that girlish air .
" May be ; may be .
Whereas , among spouting fish the tail , though it may be similarly shaped , invariably assumes a horizontal position .
When the sea is moderately calm , and slightly marked with spherical ripples , and this gnomon - like fin stands up and casts shadows upon the wrinkled surface , it may well be supposed that the watery circle surrounding it somewhat resembles a dial , with its style and wavy hour - lines graved on it .
In connection with this appellative of " Whalebone whales ," it is of great importance to mention , that however such a nomenclature may be convenient in facilitating allusions to some kind of whales , yet it is in vain to attempt a clear classification of the Leviathan , founded upon either his baleen , or hump , or fin , or teeth ; notwithstanding that those marked parts or features very obviously seem better adapted to afford the basis for a regular system of Cetology than any other detached bodily distinctions , which the whale , in his kinds , presents .
The baleen , hump , back - fin , and teeth ; these are things whose peculiarities are indiscriminately dispersed among all sorts of whales , without any regard to what may be the nature of their structure in other and more essential particulars .
But it may possibly be conceived that , in the internal parts of the whale , in his anatomy -- there , at least , we shall be able to hit the right classification .
*-- These embrace the whales of middling magnitude , among which present may be numbered :-- I ., the GRAMPUS ; II ., the BLACK FISH ; III ., the NARWHALE ; IV ., the THRASHER ; V ., the KILLER .
My own opinion is , that however this one - sided horn may really be used by the Narwhale -- however that may be -- it would certainly be very convenient to him for a folder in reading pamphlets .
To those who have not chanced specially to study the subject , it may possibly seem strange , that fishes not commonly exceeding four or five feet should be marshalled among WHALES -- a word , which , in the popular sense , always conveys an idea of hugeness .
It may never have occurred to you that a porpoise spouts .
I shall enumerate them by their fore - castle appellations ; for possibly such a list may be valuable to future investigators , who may complete what I have here but begun .
For small erections may be finished by their first architects ; grand ones , true ones , ever leave the copestone to posterity .
Though the long period of a Southern whaling voyage ( by far the longest of all voyages now or ever made by man ), the peculiar perils of it , and the community of interest prevailing among a company , all of whom , high or low , depend for their profits , not upon fixed wages , but upon their common luck , together with their common vigilance , intrepidity , and hard work ; though all these things do in some cases tend to beget a less rigorous discipline than in merchantmen generally ; yet , never mind how much like an old Mesopotamian family these whalemen may , in some primitive instances , live together ; for all that , the punctilious externals , at least , of the quarter - deck are seldom materially relaxed , and in no instance done away .
Now , Ahab and his three mates formed what may be called the first table in the Pequod ' s cabin .
In most American whalemen the mast - heads are manned almost simultaneously with the vessel ' s leaving her port ; even though she may have fifteen thousand miles , and more , to sail ere reaching her proper cruising ground .
For though their progenitors , the builders of Babel , must doubtless , by their tower , have intended to rear the loftiest mast - head in all Asia , or Africa either ; yet ( ere the final truck was put to it ) as that great stone mast of theirs may be said to have gone by the board , in the dread gale of God ' s wrath ; therefore , we cannot give these Babel builders priority over the Egyptians .
But neither great Washington , nor Napoleon , nor Nelson , will answer a single hail from below , however madly invoked to befriend by their counsels the distracted decks upon which they gaze ; however it may be surmised , that their spirits penetrate through the thick haze of the future , and descry what shoals and what rocks must be shunned .
It may seem unwarrantable to couple in any respect the mast - head standers of the land with those of the sea ; but that in truth it is not so , is plainly evinced by an item for which Obed Macy , the sole historian of Nantucket , stands accountable .
To be sure , in cold weather you may carry your house aloft with you , in the shape of a watch - coat ; but properly speaking the thickest watch - coat is no more of a house than the unclad body ; for as the soul is glued inside of its fleshy tabernacle , and cannot freely move about in it , nor even move out of it , without running great risk of perishing ( like an ignorant pilgrim crossing the snowy Alps in winter ); so a watch - coat is not so much of a house as it is a mere envelope , or additional skin encasing you .
He called it the SLEET ' S CROW ' S - NEST , in honour of himself ; he being the original inventor and patentee , and free from all ridiculous false delicacy , and holding that if we call our own children after our own names ( we fathers being the original inventors and patentees ), so likewise should we denominate after ourselves any other apparatus we may beget .
I have mustered ye all round this capstan ; and ye mates , flank me with your lances ; and ye harpooneers , stand there with your irons ; and ye , stout mariners , ring me in , that I may in some sort revive a noble custom of my fisherman fathers before me .
His heaven - insulting purpose , God may wedge aside .
I know not all that may be coming , but be it what it will , I ' ll go to it laughing .
may your hearts never fail !
Hoe corn when you may , say I .
There ' s naught so sweet on earth -- heaven may not match it !-- as those swift glances of warm , wild bosoms in the dance , when the over - arboring arms hide such ripe , bursting grapes .
And however the general experiences in the fishery may amend such reports as these ; yet in their full terribleness , even to the bloodthirsty item of Povelson , the superstitious belief in them is , in some vicissitudes of their vocation , revived in the minds of the hunters .
On this head , there are some remarkable documents that may be consulted .
When you think it fled , it may have but become transfigured into some still subtler form .
If such a furious trope may stand , his special lunacy stormed his general sanity , and carried it , and turned all its concentred cannon upon its own mad mark ; so that far from having lost his strength , Ahab , to that one end , did now possess a thousand fold more potency than ever he had sanely brought to bear upon any one reasonable object .
But be all this as it may , certain it is , that with the mad secret of his unabated rage bolted up and keyed in him , Ahab had purposely sailed upon the present voyage with the one only and all - engrossing object of hunting the White Whale .
* With reference to the Polar bear , it may possibly be urged by him who would fain go still deeper into this matter , that it is not the whiteness , separately regarded , which heightens the intolerable hideousness of that brute ; for , analysed , that heightened hideousness , it might be said , only rises from the circumstance , that the irresponsible ferociousness of the creature stands invested in the fleece of celestial innocence and love ; and hence , by bringing together two such opposite emotions in our minds , the Polar bear frightens us with so unnatural a contrast .
And though , doubtless , some at least of the imaginative impressions about to be presented may have been shared by most men , yet few perhaps were entirely conscious of them at the time , and therefore may not be able to recall them now .
What I mean by these two statements may perhaps be respectively elucidated by the following examples .
Though thousands of miles from Oregon , still when he smells that savage musk , the rending , goring bison herds are as present as to the deserted wild foal of the prairies , which this instant they may be trampling into dust .
The sum is , that at particular seasons within that breadth and along that path , migrating whales may with great confidence be looked for .
So far as what there may be of a narrative in this book ; and , indeed , as indirectly touching one or two very interesting and curious particulars in the habits of sperm whales , the foregoing chapter , in its earlier part , is as important a one as will be found in this volume ; but the leading matter of it requires to be still further and more familiarly enlarged upon , in order to be adequately understood , and moreover to take away any incredulity which a profound ignorance of the entire subject may induce in some minds , as to the natural verity of the main points of this affair .
In the instance where three years intervened between the flinging of the two harpoons ; and I think it may have been something more than that ; the man who darted them happening , in the interval , to go in a trading ship on a voyage to Africa , went ashore there , joined a discovery party , and penetrated far into the interior , where he travelled for a period of nearly two years , often endangered by serpents , savages , tigers , poisonous miasmas , with all the other common perils incident to wandering in the heart of unknown regions .
Secondly : It is well known in the Sperm Whale Fishery , however ignorant the world ashore may be of it , that there have been several memorable historical instances where a particular whale in the ocean has been at distant times and places popularly cognisable .
Why such a whale became thus marked was not altogether and originally owing to his bodily peculiarities as distinguished from other whales ; for however peculiar in that respect any chance whale may be , they soon put an end to his peculiarities by killing him , and boiling him down into a peculiarly valuable oil .
But not only did each of these famous whales enjoy great individual celebrity -- Nay , you may call it an ocean - wide renown ; not only was he famous in life and now is immortal in forecastle stories after death , but he was admitted into all the rights , privileges , and distinctions of a name ; had as much a name indeed as Cambyses or Caesar .
" By the thirteenth of May our ship was ready to sail , and the next day we were out in the open sea , on our way to Ochotsh .
Though , consumed with the hot fire of his purpose , Ahab in all his thoughts and actions ever had in view the ultimate capture of Moby Dick ; though he seemed ready to sacrifice all mortal interests to that one passion ; nevertheless it may have been that he was by nature and long habituation far too wedded to a fiery whaleman ' s ways , altogether to abandon the collateral prosecution of the voyage .
They may scorn cash now ; but let some months go by , and no perspective promise of it to them , and then this same quiescent cash all at once mutinying in them , this same cash would soon cashier Ahab .
Be all this as it may , his voice was now often heard hailing the three mast - heads and admonishing them to keep a bright look - out , and not omit reporting even a porpoise .
Only the infidel sharks in the audacious seas may give ear to such words , when , with tornado brow , and eyes of red murder , and foam - glued lips , Ahab leaped after his prey .
It may seem strange that of all men sailors should be tinkering at their last wills and testaments , but there are no people in the world more fond of that diversion .
But be all this as it may , certain it is that while the subordinate phantoms soon found their place among the crew , though still as it were somehow distinct from them , yet that hair - turbaned Fedallah remained a muffled mystery to the last .
You may think with what emotions , then , the seamen beheld this old Oriental perched aloft at such unusual hours ; his turban and the moon , companions in one sky .
And in return for that courtesy , the outward - bound ship would receive the latest whaling intelligence from the cruising - ground to which she may be destined , a thing of the utmost importance to her .
For one of them may have received a transfer of letters from some third , and now far remote vessel ; and some of those letters may be for the people of the ship she now meets .
This latter circumstance , with its own particular accompaniments , forming what may be called the secret part of the tragedy about to be narrated , never reached the ears of Captain Ahab or his mates .
" On the eastern shore of our Lake Erie , Don ; but -- I crave your courtesy -- may be , you shall soon hear further of all that .
And for Radney , though in his infancy he may have laid him down on the lone Nantucket beach , to nurse at his maternal sea ; though in after life he had long followed our austere Atlantic and your contemplative Pacific ; yet was he quite as vengeful and full of social quarrel as the backwoods seaman , fresh from the latitudes of buck - horn handled bowie - knives .
Be this conceit of mine as it may , gentlemen , at all events Steelkilt was a tall and noble animal with a head like a Roman , and a flowing golden beard like the tasseled housings of your last viceroy ' s snorting charger ; and a brain , and a heart , and a soul in him , gentlemen , which had made Steelkilt Charlemagne , had he been born son to Charlemagne ' s father .
I mention all these particulars so that you may understand exactly how this affair stood between the two men .
Your chicha ' s very fine ; and ere proceeding further I will tell ye what our Canallers are ; for such information may throw side - light upon my story .'
If I do not , may lightning strike me !'
this may grow too serious .'
"' Excuse me for running after you , Don Sebastian ; but may I also beg that you will be particular in procuring the largest sized Evangelists you can .'
Now , venerable priest , further into the light , and hold the Holy Book before me that I may touch it .
It may be worth while , therefore , previously to advert to those curious imaginary portraits of him which even down to the present day confidently challenge the faith of the landsman .
It may be that the primal source of all those pictorial delusions will be found among the oldest Hindoo , Egyptian , and Grecian sculptures .
But it may be fancied , that from the naked skeleton of the stranded whale , accurate hints may be derived touching his true form .
" However recklessly the whale may sometimes serve us ," said humorous Stubb one day , " he can never be truly said to handle us without mittens ."
For all these reasons , then , any way you may look at it , you must needs conclude that the great Leviathan is that one creature in the world which must remain unpainted to the last .
True , one portrait may hit the mark much nearer than another , but none can hit it with any very considerable degree of exactness .
On Tower - hill , as you go down to the London docks , you may have seen a crippled beggar ( or KEDGER , as the sailors say ) holding a painted board before him , representing the tragic scene in which he lost his leg .
For though some old naturalists have maintained that all creatures of the land are of their kind in the sea ; and though taking a broad general view of the thing , this may very well be ; yet coming to specialties , where , for example , does the ocean furnish any fish that in disposition answers to the sagacious kindness of the dog ?
But though , to landsmen in general , the native inhabitants of the seas have ever been regarded with emotions unspeakably unsocial and repelling ; though we know the sea to be an everlasting terra incognita , so that Columbus sailed over numberless unknown worlds to discover his one superficial western one ; though , by vast odds , the most terrific of all mortal disasters have immemorially and indiscriminately befallen tens and hundreds of thousands of those who have gone upon the waters ; though but a moment ' s consideration will teach , that however baby man may brag of his science and skill , and however much , in a flattering future , that science and skill may augment ; yet for ever and for ever , to the crack of doom , the sea will insult and murder him , and pulverize the stateliest , stiffest frigate he can make ; nevertheless , by the continual repetition of these very impressions , man has lost that sense of the full awfulness of the sea which aboriginally belongs to it .
For though other species of whales find their food above water , and may be seen by man in the act of feeding , the spermaceti whale obtains his whole food in unknown zones below the surface ; and only by inference is it that any one can tell of what , precisely , that food consists .
There seems some ground to imagine that the great Kraken of Bishop Pontoppodan may ultimately resolve itself into Squid .
The line originally used in the fishery was of the best hemp , slightly vapoured with tar , not impregnated with it , as in the case of ordinary ropes ; for while tar , as ordinarily used , makes the hemp more pliable to the rope - maker , and also renders the rope itself more convenient to the sailor for common ship use ; yet , not only would the ordinary quantity too much stiffen the whale - line for the close coiling to which it must be subjected ; but as most seamen are beginning to learn , tar in general by no means adds to the rope ' s durability or strength , however much it may give it compactness and gloss .
Nor can any son of mortal woman , for the first time , seat himself amid those hempen intricacies , and while straining his utmost at the oar , bethink him that at any unknown instant the harpoon may be darted , and all these horrible contortions be put in play like ringed lightnings ; he cannot be thus circumstanced without a shudder that makes the very marrow in his bones to quiver in him like a shaken jelly .
what cannot habit accomplish ?-- Gayer sallies , more merry mirth , better jokes , and brighter repartees , you never heard over your mahogany , than you will hear over the half - inch white cedar of the whale - boat , when thus hung in hangman ' s nooses ; and , like the six burghers of Calais before King Edward , the six men composing the crew pull into the jaws of death , with a halter around every neck , as you may say .
Besides , such is the breadth of the upper part of the front of his head , and such the tapering cut - water formation of the lower part , that by obliquely elevating his head , he thereby may be said to transform himself from a bluff - bowed sluggish galliot into a sharppointed New York pilot - boat .
* Partly to show the indispensableness of this act , it may here be stated , that , in the old Dutch fishery , a mop was used to dash the running line with water ; in many other ships , a wooden piggin , or bailer , is set apart for that purpose .
He now has to drop and secure his oar , turn round on his centre half way , seize his harpoon from the crotch , and with what little strength may remain , he essays to pitch it somehow into the whale .
But these two harpoons , each by its own cord , are both connected with the line ; the object being this : to dart them both , if possible , one instantly after the other into the same whale ; so that if , in the coming drag , one should draw out , the other may still retain a hold .
Consider , now , how it must be in the case of four boats all engaging one unusually strong , active , and knowing whale ; when owing to these qualities in him , as well as to the thousand concurring accidents of such an audacious enterprise , eight or ten loose second irons may be simultaneously dangling about him .
* A little item may as well be related here .
The mark they thus leave on the whale , may best be likened to the hollow made by a carpenter in countersinking for a screw .
There , now ye may go ."
That mortal man should feed upon the creature that feeds his lamp , and , like Stubb , eat him by his own light , as you may say ; this seems so outlandish a thing that one must needs go a little into the history and philosophy of it .
For the strain constantly kept up by the windlass continually keeps the whale rolling over and over in the water , and as the blubber in one strip uniformly peels off along the line called the " scarf ," simultaneously cut by the spades of Starbuck and Stubb , the mates ; and just as fast as it is thus peeled off , and indeed by that very act itself , it is all the time being hoisted higher and higher aloft till its upper end grazes the main - top ; the men at the windlass then cease heaving , and for a moment or two the prodigious blood - dripping mass sways to and fro as if let down from the sky , and every one present must take good heed to dodge it when it swings , else it may box his ears and pitch him headlong overboard .
Now , however preposterous it may at first seem to talk of any creature ' s skin as being of that sort of consistence and thickness , yet in point of fact these are no arguments against such a presumption ; because you cannot raise any other dense enveloping layer from the whale ' s body but that same blubber ; and the outermost enveloping layer of any animal , if reasonably dense , what can that be but the skin ?
True , from the unmarred dead body of the whale , you may scrape off with your hand an infinitely thin , transparent substance , somewhat resembling the thinnest shreds of isinglass , only it is almost as flexible and soft as satin ; that is , previous to being dried , when it not only contracts and thickens , but becomes rather hard and brittle .
At any rate , it is pleasant to read about whales through their own spectacles , as you may say .
Assuming the blubber to be the skin of the whale ; then , when this skin , as in the case of a very large Sperm Whale , will yield the bulk of one hundred barrels of oil ; and , when it is considered that , in quantity , or rather weight , that oil , in its expressed state , is only three fourths , and not the entire substance of the coat ; some idea may hence be had of the enormousness of that animated mass , a mere part of whose mere integument yields such a lake of liquid as that .
Thus , while in life the great whale ' s body may have been a real terror to his foes , in his death his ghost becomes a powerless panic to a world .
It turned out that the Jeroboam had a malignant epidemic on board , and that Mayhew , her captain , was fearful of infecting the Pequod ' s company .
Such things may seem incredible ; but , however wondrous , they are true .
" I fear not thy epidemic , man ," said Ahab from the bulwarks , to Captain Mayhew , who stood in the boat ' s stern ; " come on board ."
cried Captain Mayhew ; " thou must either --" But that instant a headlong wave shot the boat far ahead , and its seethings drowned all speech .
When this interlude was over , Captain Mayhew began a dark story concerning Moby Dick ; not , however , without frequent interruptions from Gabriel , whenever his name was mentioned , and the crazy sea that seemed leagued with him .
Mayhew having concluded his narration , Ahab put such questions to him , that the stranger captain could not forbear inquiring whether he intended to hunt the White Whale , if opportunity should offer .
Ahab stolidly turned aside ; then said to Mayhew , " Captain , I have just bethought me of my letter - bag ; there is a letter for one of thy officers , if I mistake not .
Every whale - ship takes out a goodly number of letters for various ships , whose delivery to the persons to whom they may be addressed , depends upon the mere chance of encountering them in the four oceans .
and from his wife ," sighed Mayhew ; " but let me have it ."
" Captain Mayhew , stand by now to receive it "; and taking the fatal missive from Starbuck ' s hands , he caught it in the slit of the pole , and reached it over towards the boat .
True , you may say that , by exceeding caution , you may possibly escape these and the multitudinous other evil chances of life .
Nevertheless , it may well be believed that since they have such a ravenous finger in the pie , it is deemed but wise to look sharp to them .
and may I ask whether this is the sort of bitters by which he blows back the life into a half - drowned man ?"
For the present other matters press , and the best we can do now for the head , is to pray heaven the tackles may hold .
As before , the Pequod steeply leaned over towards the sperm whale ' s head , now , by the counterpoise of both heads , she regained her even keel ; though sorely strained , you may well believe .
As the external difference between them is mainly observable in their heads ; and as a head of each is this moment hanging from the Pequod ' s side ; and as we may freely go from one to the other , by merely stepping across the deck :-- where , I should like to know , will you obtain a better chance to study practical cetology than here ?
In a word , the position of the whale ' s eyes corresponds to that of a man ' s ears ; and you may fancy , for yourself , how it would fare with you , did you sideways survey objects through your ears .
Man may , in effect , be said to look out on the world from a sentry - box with two joined sashes for his window .
It may be but an idle whim , but it has always seemed to me , that the extraordinary vacillations of movement displayed by some whales when beset by three or four boats ; the timidity and liability to queer frights , so common to such whales ; I think that all this indirectly proceeds from the helpless perplexity of volition , in which their divided and diametrically opposite powers of vision must involve them .
Let us now with whatever levers and steam - engines we have at hand , cant over the sperm whale ' s head , that it may lie bottom up ; then , ascending by a ladder to the summit , have a peep down the mouth ; and were it not that the body is now completely separated from it , with a lantern we might descend into the great Kentucky Mammoth Cave of his stomach .
As in general shape the noble Sperm Whale ' s head may be compared to a Roman war - chariot ( especially in front , where it is so broadly rounded ); so , at a broad view , the Right Whale ' s head bears a rather inelegant resemblance to a gigantic galliot - toed shoe .
And as those ancient dames moved about gaily , though in the jaws of the whale , as you may say ; even so , in a shower , with the like thoughtlessness , do we nowadays fly under the same jaws for protection ; the umbrella being a tent spread over the same bone .
I would have you investigate it now with the sole view of forming to yourself some unexaggerated , intelligent estimate of whatever battering - ram power may be lodged there .
But supplementary to this , it has hypothetically occurred to me , that as ordinary fish possess what is called a swimming bladder in them , capable , at will , of distension or contraction ; and as the Sperm Whale , as far as I know , has no such provision in him ; considering , too , the otherwise inexplicable manner in which he now depresses his head altogether beneath the surface , and anon swims with it high elevated out of the water ; considering the unobstructed elasticity of its envelope ; considering the unique interior of his head ; it has hypothetically occurred to me , I say , that those mystical lung - celled honeycombs there may possibly have some hitherto unknown and unsuspected connexion with the outer air , so as to be susceptible to atmospheric distension and contraction .
Regarding the Sperm Whale ' s head as a solid oblong , you may , on an inclined plane , sideways divide it into two quoins ,* whereof the lower is the bony structure , forming the cranium and jaws , and the upper an unctuous mass wholly free from bones ; its broad forward end forming the expanded vertical apparent forehead of the whale .
The upper part , known as the Case , may be regarded as the great Heidelburgh Tun of the Sperm Whale .
I know that this queer adventure of the Gay - Header ' s will be sure to seem incredible to some landsmen , though they themselves may have either seen or heard of some one ' s falling into a cistern ashore ; an accident which not seldom happens , and with much less reason too than the Indian ' s , considering the exceeding slipperiness of the curb of the Sperm Whale ' s well .
But , peradventure , it may be sagaciously urged , how is this ?
But the tendency to rapid sinking in this substance was in the present instance materially counteracted by the other parts of the head remaining undetached from it , so that it sank very slowly and deliberately indeed , affording Queequeg a fair chance for performing his agile obstetrics on the run , as you may say .
If hereafter any highly cultured , poetical nation shall lure back to their birth - right , the merry May - day gods of old ; and livingly enthrone them again in the now egotistical sky ; in the now unhaunted hill ; then be sure , exalted to Jove ' s high seat , the great Sperm Whale shall lord it .
If then , Sir William Jones , who read in thirty languages , could not read the simplest peasant ' s face in its profounder and more subtle meanings , how may unlettered Ishmael hope to read the awful Chaldee of the Sperm Whale ' s brow ?
But leaving this hint to operate as it may with the phrenologists , I would merely assume the spinal theory for a moment , in reference to the Sperm Whale ' s hump .
However curious it may seem for an oil - ship to be borrowing oil on the whale - ground , and however much it may invertedly contradict the old proverb about carrying coals to Newcastle , yet sometimes such a thing really happens ; and in the present case Captain Derick De Deer did indubitably conduct a lamp - feeder as Flask did declare .
Not so with the whale ; one of whose peculiarities it is to have an entire non - valvular structure of the blood - vessels , so that when pierced even by so small a point as a harpoon , a deadly drain is at once begun upon his whole arterial system ; and when this is heightened by the extraordinary pressure of water at a great distance below the surface , his life may be said to pour from him in incessant streams .
For young whales , in the highest health , and swelling with noble aspirations , prematurely cut off in the warm flush and May of life , with all their panting lard about them ; even these brawny , buoyant heroes do sometimes sink .
Any man may kill a snake , but only a Perseus , a St . George , a Coffin , have the heart in them to march boldly up to a whale .
Nevertheless , he may be deemed a sort of involuntary whaleman ; at any rate the whale caught him , if he did not the whale .
Nor is it to be doubted that as such a procedure can do no harm , it may possibly be of no contemptible advantage ; considering that oil and water are hostile ; that oil is a sliding thing , and that the object in view is to make the boat slide bravely .
But before going further , it is important to mention here , that though the harpoon may be pitchpoled in the same way with the lance , yet it is seldom done ; and when done , is still less frequently successful , on account of the greater weight and inferior length of the harpoon as compared with the lance , which in effect become serious drawbacks .
If I say , that in any creature breathing is only a function indispensable to vitality , inasmuch as it withdraws from the air a certain element , which being subsequently brought into contact with the blood imparts to the blood its vivifying principle , I do not think I shall err ; though I may possibly use some superfluous scientific words .
Anomalous as it may seem , this is precisely the case with the whale , who systematically lives , by intervals , his full hour and more ( when at the bottom ) without drawing a single breath , or so much as in any way inhaling a particle of air ; for , remember , he has no gills .
And whatever they may reveal of the divine love in the Son , the soft , curled , hermaphroditical Italian pictures , in which his idea has been most successfully embodied ; these pictures , so destitute as they are of all brawniness , hint nothing of any power , but the mere negative , feminine one of submission and endurance , which on all hands it is conceded , form the peculiar practical virtues of his teachings .
Dissect him how I may , then , I but go skin deep ; I know him not , and never will .
Hence it is , that , while other ships may have gone to China from New York , and back again , touching at a score of ports , the whale - ship , in all that interval , may not have sighted one grain of soil ; her crew having seen no man but floating seamen like themselves .
To this aggregation of the Sperm Whale into such immense caravans , may be imputed the circumstance that even in the best cruising grounds , you may now sometimes sail for weeks and months together , without being greeted by a single spout ; and then be suddenly saluted by what sometimes seems thousands on thousands .
As , blind and deaf , the whale plunged forward , as if by sheer power of speed to rid himself of the iron leech that had fastened to him ; as we thus tore a white gash in the sea , on all sides menaced as we flew , by the crazed creatures to and fro rushing about us ; our beset boat was like a ship mobbed by ice - isles in a tempest , and striving to steer through their complicated channels and straits , knowing not at what moment it may be locked in and crushed .
But sperm whales are not every day encountered ; while you may , then , you must kill all you can .
I mention this circumstance , because , as if the cows and calves had been purposely locked up in this innermost fold ; and as if the wide extent of the herd had hitherto prevented them from learning the precise cause of its stopping ; or , possibly , being so young , unsophisticated , and every way innocent and inexperienced ; however it may have been , these smaller whales -- now and then visiting our becalmed boat from the margin of the lake -- evinced a wondrous fearlessness and confidence , or else a still becharmed panic which it was impossible not to marvel at .
* The sperm whale , as with all other species of the Leviathan , but unlike most other fish , breeds indifferently at all seasons ; after a gestation which may probably be set down at nine months , producing but one at a time ; though in some few known instances giving birth to an Esau and Jacob :-- a contingency provided for in suckling by two teats , curiously situated , one on each side of the anus ; but the breasts themselves extend upwards from that .
The allusion to the waif and waif - poles in the last chapter but one , necessitates some account of the laws and regulations of the whale fishery , of which the waif may be deemed the grand symbol and badge .
It frequently happens that when several ships are cruising in company , a whale may be struck by one vessel , then escape , and be finally killed and captured by another vessel ; and herein are indirectly comprised many minor contingencies , all partaking of this one grand feature .
For example ,-- after a weary and perilous chase and capture of a whale , the body may get loose from the ship by reason of a violent storm ; and drifting far away to leeward , be retaken by a second whaler , who , in a calm , snugly tows it alongside , without risk of life or line .
In his treatise on " Queen - Gold ," or Queen - pinmoney , an old King ' s Bench author , one William Prynne , thus discourseth : " Ye tail is ye Queen ' s , that ye Queen ' s wardrobe may be supplied with ye whalebone ."
An allegorical meaning may lurk here .
I know not that any other author has hinted of the matter ; but by inference it seems to me that the sturgeon must be divided in the same way as the whale , the King receiving the highly dense and elastic head peculiar to that fish , which , symbolically regarded , may possibly be humorously grounded upon some presumed congeniality .
It may well be conceived , what an unsavory odor such a mass must exhale ; worse than an Assyrian city in the plague , when the living are incompetent to bury the departed .
Nevertheless , in the proper place we shall see that no knowing fisherman will ever turn up his nose at such a whale as this , however much he may shun blasted whales in general .
And as for the other whale , why , I ' ll agree to get more oil by chopping up and trying out these three masts of ours , than he ' ll get from that bundle of bones ; though , now that I think of it , it may contain something worth a good deal more than oil ; yes , ambergris .
But come aboard , and mayhap he ' ll believe you , if he won ' t me ; and so I ' ll get out of this dirty scrape ."
" Why ," said Stubb , eyeing the velvet vest and the watch and seals , " you may as well begin by telling him that he looks a sort of babyish to me , though I don ' t pretend to be a judge ."
" Why , let me see ; yes , you may as well tell him now that -- that -- in fact , tell him I ' ve diddled him , and ( aside to himself ) perhaps somebody else ."
I partly surmise also , that this wicked charge against whalers may be likewise imputed to the existence on the coast of Greenland , in former times , of a Dutch village called Schmerenburgh or Smeerenberg , which latter name is the one used by the learned Fogo Von Slack , in his great work on Smells , a text - book on that subject .
It has an unspeakable , wild , Hindoo odor about it , such as may lurk in the vicinity of funereal pyres .
Already has it been related how the great leviathan is afar off descried from the mast - head ; how he is chased over the watery moors , and slaughtered in the valleys of the deep ; how he is then towed alongside and beheaded ; and how ( on the principle which entitled the headsman of old to the garments in which the beheaded was killed ) his great padded surtout becomes the property of his executioner ; how , in due time , he is condemned to the pots , and , like Shadrach , Meshach , and Abednego , his spermaceti , oil , and bone pass unscathed through the fire ;-- but now it remains to conclude the last chapter of this part of the description by rehearsing -- singing , if I may -- the romantic proceeding of decanting off his oil into the casks and striking them down into the hold , where once again leviathan returns to his native profundities , sliding along beneath the surface as before ; but , alas !
But I may as well say -- en passant , as the French remark -- that I myself -- that is to say , Jack Bunger , late of the reverend clergy -- am a strict total abstinence man ; I never drink --"
" Yes , I may as well ," said the surgeon , coolly .
And that fine gam I had -- long , very long after old Ahab touched her planks with his ivory heel -- it minds me of the noble , solid , Saxon hospitality of that ship ; and may my parson forget me , and the devil remember me , if I ever lose sight of it .
what palace may it deck ?
then , be heedful ; for so , in all this din of the great world ' s loom , thy subtlest thinkings may be overheard afar .
Such a statement may prove useful here .
One often hears of writers that rise and swell with their subject , though it may seem but an ordinary one .
Inasmuch , then , as this Leviathan comes floundering down upon us from the head - waters of the Eternities , it may be fitly inquired , whether , in the long course of his generations , he has not degenerated from the original bulk of his sires .
But may it not be , that while the whales of the present hour are an advance in magnitude upon those of all previous geological periods ; may it not be , that since Adam ' s time they have degenerated ?
And there seems no reason to doubt that if these elephants , which have now been hunted for thousands of years , by Semiramis , by Porus , by Hannibal , and by all the successive monarchs of the East -- if they still survive there in great numbers , much more may the great whale outlast all hunting , since he has a pasture to expatiate in , which is precisely twice as large as all Asia , both Americas , Europe and Africa , New Holland , and all the Isles of the sea combined .
And what that is , we may soon gain some idea of , by imagining all the grave - yards , cemeteries , and family vaults of creation yielding up the live bodies of all the men , women , and children who were alive seventy - five years ago ; and adding this countless host to the present human population of the globe .
But be all this as it may ; let the unseen , ambiguous synod in the air , or the vindictive princes and potentates of fire , have to do or not with earthly Ahab , yet , in this present matter of his leg , he took plain practical procedures ;-- he called the carpenter .
why that ' s -- but no ;-- a very tidy , and , I may say , an extremely gentlemanlike sort of business thou art in here , carpenter ;-- or would ' st thou rather work in clay ?
May I humbly ask if it be really so , sir ?
How dost thou know that some entire , living , thinking thing may not be invisibly and uninterpenetratingly standing precisely where thou now standest ; aye , and standing there in thy spite ?
And if I still feel the smart of my crushed leg , though it be now so long dissolved ; then , why mayst not thou , carpenter , feel the fiery pains of hell for ever , and without a body ?
" Either do that , sir , or waste in one day more oil than we may make good in a year .
It may have been a flash of honesty in him ; or mere prudential policy which , under the circumstance , imperiously forbade the slightest symptom of open disaffection , however transient , in the important chief officer of his ship .
Now , there is this noteworthy difference between savage and civilized ; that while a sick , civilized man may be six months convalescing , generally speaking , a sick savage is almost half - well again in a day .
The long - drawn virgin vales ; the mild blue hill - sides ; as over these there steals the hush , the hum ; you almost swear that play - wearied children lie sleeping in these solitudes , in some glad May - time , when the flowers of the woods are plucked .
oh , ever vernal endless landscapes in the soul ; in ye ,-- though long parched by the dead drought of the earthy life ,-- in ye , men yet may roll , like young horses in new morning clover ; and for some few fleeting moments , feel the cool dew of the life immortal on them .
But as this conductor must descend to considerable depth , that its end may avoid all contact with the hull ; and as moreover , if kept constantly towing there , it would be liable to many mishaps , besides interfering not a little with some of the rigging , and more or less impeding the vessel ' s way in the water ; because of all this , the lower parts of a ship ' s lightning - rods are not always overboard ; but are generally made in long slender links , so as to be the more readily hauled up into the chains outside , or thrown down into the sea , as occasion may require .
Yet I ' ll contribute to raise rods on the Himmalehs and Andes , that all the world may be secured ; but out on privileges !
ill begun , ill continued ; let me square the yards , while we may , old man , and make a fair wind of it homewards , to go on a better voyage than this ."
And that ye may know to what tune this heart beats ; look ye here ; thus I blow out the last fear !"
No , Stubb ; you may pound that knot there as much as you please , but you will never pound into me what you were just now saying .
A touch , and Starbuck may survive to hug his wife and child again .-- Oh Mary !
boy !-- But if I wake thee not to death , old man , who can tell to what unsounded deeps Starbuck ' s body this day week may sink , with all the crew !
But in either case , the needle never again , of itself , recovers the original virtue thus marred or lost ; and if the binnacle compasses be affected , the same fate reaches all the others that may be in the ship ; even were the lowermost one inserted into the kelson .
This seems to me , sir , as a man - rope ; something that weak souls may hold by .
At sun - rise this man went from his hammock to his mast - head at the fore ; and whether it was that he was not yet half waked from his sleep ( for sailors sometimes go aloft in a transition state ), whether it was thus with the man , there is now no telling ; but , be that as it may , he had not been long at his perch , when a cry was heard -- a cry and a rushing -- and looking up , they saw a falling phantom in the air ; and looking down , a little tossed heap of white bubbles in the blue of the sea .
" I will wager something now ," whispered Stubb to Flask , " that some one in that missing boat wore off that Captain ' s best coat ; mayhap , his watch -- he ' s so cursed anxious to get it back .
God bless ye , man , and may I forgive myself , but I must go .
For be this Parsee what he may , all rib and keel was solid Ahab .
God "-- advancing towards the hammock with uplifted hands --" may the resurrection and the life --"
Aye , toil we how we may , we all sleep at last on the field .
thou glidest on , to all who for the first time eye thee , no matter how many in that same way thou may ' st have bejuggled and destroyed before .
By this motion the whale must best and most comprehensively view whatever objects may be encircling him .
We must not run over him before morning ; he ' s making a passage now , and may heave - to a while .
I feel strained , half stranded , as ropes that tow dismasted frigates in a gale ; and I may look so .
These warm Trade Winds , at least , that in the clear heavens blow straight on , in strong and steadfast , vigorous mildness ; and veer not from their mark , however the baser currents of the sea may turn and tack , and mightiest Mississippies of the land swift and swerve about , uncertain where to go at last .
murmured Starbuck gazing over the side , and following with his eyes the receding boat --" canst thou yet ring boldly to that sight ?-- lowering thy keel among ravening sharks , and followed by them , open - mouthed to the chase ; and this the critical third day ?-- For when three days flow together in one continuous intense pursuit ; be sure the first is the morning , the second the noon , and the third the evening and the end of that thing -- be that end what it may .
Hearing the tremendous rush of the sea - crashing boat , the whale wheeled round to present his blank forehead at bay ; but in that evolution , catching sight of the nearing black hull of the ship ; seemingly seeing in it the source of all his persecutions ; bethinking it -- it may be -- a larger and nobler foe ; of a sudden , he bore down upon its advancing prow , smiting his jaws amid fiery showers of foam .
stretch out before me that I may yet grope my way .
Slope downwards to thy depths , O sea , that ere it be for ever too late , Ahab may slide this last , last time upon his mark !
And chiefly thou , O Spirit , that dost prefer Before all temples th ' upright heart and pure , Instruct me , for thou know ' st ; thou from the first Wast present , and , with mighty wings outspread , Dove - like sat ' st brooding on the vast Abyss , And mad ' st it pregnant : what in me is dark Illumine , what is low raise and support ; That , to the height of this great argument , I may assert Eternal Providence , And justify the ways of God to men .
To bow and sue for grace With suppliant knee , and deify his power Who , from the terror of this arm , so late Doubted his empire -- that were low indeed ; That were an ignominy and shame beneath This downfall ; since , by fate , the strength of Gods , And this empyreal sybstance , cannot fail ; Since , through experience of this great event , In arms not worse , in foresight much advanced , We may with more successful hope resolve To wage by force or guile eternal war , Irreconcilable to our grand Foe , Who now triumphs , and in th ' excess of joy Sole reigning holds the tyranny of Heaven ."
But what if he our Conqueror ( whom I now Of force believe almighty , since no less Than such could have o ' erpowered such force as ours ) Have left us this our spirit and strength entire , Strongly to suffer and support our pains , That we may so suffice his vengeful ire , Or do him mightier service as his thralls By right of war , whate ' er his business be , Here in the heart of Hell to work in fire , Or do his errands in the gloomy Deep ?
If then his providence Out of our evil seek to bring forth good , Our labour must be to pervert that end , And out of good still to find means of evil ; Which ofttimes may succeed so as perhaps Shall grieve him , if I fail not , and disturb His inmost counsels from their destined aim .
Thither let us tend From off the tossing of these fiery waves ; There rest , if any rest can harbour there ; And , re - assembling our afflicted powers , Consult how we may henceforth most offend Our enemy , our own loss how repair , How overcome this dire calamity , What reinforcement we may gain from hope , If not , what resolution from despair ."
Here at least We shall be free ; th ' Almighty hath not built Here for his envy , will not drive us hence : Here we may reigh secure ; and , in my choice , To reign is worth ambition , though in Hell : Better to reign in Hell than serve in Heaven .
But wherefore let we then our faithful friends , Th ' associates and co - partners of our loss , Lie thus astonished on th ' oblivious pool , And call them not to share with us their part In this unhappy mansion , or once more With rallied arms to try what may be yet Regained in Heaven , or what more lost in Hell ?"
Henceforth his might we know , and know our own , So as not either to provoke , or dread New war provoked : our better part remains To work in close design , by fraud or guile , What force effected not ; that he no less At length from us may find , who overcomes By force hath overcome but half his foe .
Space may produce new Worlds ; whereof so rife There went a fame in Heaven that he ere long Intended to create , and therein plant A generation whom his choice regard Should favour equal to the Sons of Heaven .
Let none admire That riches grow in Hell ; that soil may best Deserve the precious bane .
Who can advise may speak ."
Should we again provoke Our stronger , some worse way his wrath may find To our destruction , if there be in Hell Fear to be worse destroyed !
This is now Our doom ; which if we can sustain and bear , Our Supreme Foe in time may much remit His anger , and perhaps , thus far removed , Not mind us not offending , satisfied With what is punished ; whence these raging fires Will slacken , if his breath stir not their flames .
Our purer essence then will overcome Their noxious vapour ; or , inured , not feel ; Or , changed at length , and to the place conformed In temper and in nature , will receive Familiar the fierce heat ; and , void of pain , This horror will grow mild , this darkness light ; Besides what hope the never - ending flight Of future days may bring , what chance , what change Worth waiting -- since our present lot appears For happy though but ill , for ill not worst , If we procure not to ourselves more woe ."
Him to unthrone we then May hope , when everlasting Fate shall yield To fickle Chance , and Chaos judge the strife .
Our torments also may , in length of time , Become our elements , these piercing fires As soft as now severe , our temper changed Into their temper ; which must needs remove The sensible of pain .
All things invite To peaceful counsels , and the settled state Of order , how in safety best we may Compose our present evils , with regard Of what we are and where , dismissing quite All thoughts of war .
and what peace can we return , But , to our power , hostility and hate , Untamed reluctance , and revenge , though slow , Yet ever plotting how the Conqueror least May reap his conquest , and may least rejoice In doing what we most in suffering feel ?
Though Heaven be shut , And Heaven ' s high Arbitrator sit secure In his own strength , this place may lie exposed , The utmost border of his kingdom , left To their defence who hold it : here , perhaps , Some advantageous act may be achieved By sudden onset -- either with Hell - fire To waste his whole creation , or possess All as our own , and drive , as we were driven , The puny habitants ; or , if not drive , Seduce them to our party , that their God May prove their foe , and with repenting hand Abolish his own works .
The bold design Pleased highly those infernal States , and joy Sparkled in all their eyes : with full assent They vote : whereat his speech he thus renews :-- " Well have ye judged , well ended long debate , Synod of Gods , and , like to what ye are , Great things resolved , which from the lowest deep Will once more lift us up , in spite of fate , Nearer our ancient seat -- perhaps in view Of those bright confines , whence , with neighbouring arms , And opportune excursion , we may chance Re - enter Heaven ; or else in some mild zone Dwell , not unvisited of Heaven ' s fair light , Secure , and at the brightening orient beam Purge off this gloom : the soft delicious air , To heal the scar of these corrosive fires , Shall breathe her balm .
Go , therefore , mighty Powers , Terror of Heaven , though fallen ; intend at home , While here shall be our home , what best may ease The present misery , and render Hell More tolerable ; if there be cure or charm To respite , or deceive , or slack the pain Of this ill mansion : intermit no watch Against a wakeful foe , while I abroad Through all the coasts of dark destruction seek Deliverance for us all .
Thence more at ease their minds , and somewhat raised By false presumptuous hope , the ranged Powers Disband ; and , wandering , each his several way Pursues , as inclination or sad choice Leads him perplexed , where he may likeliest find Truce to his restless thoughts , and entertain The irksome hours , till his great Chief return .
Hail , holy Light , offspring of Heaven firstborn , Or of the Eternal coeternal beam May I express thee unblam ' d ?
So much the rather thou , celestial Light , Shine inward , and the mind through all her powers Irradiate ; there plant eyes , all mist from thence Purge and disperse , that I may see and tell Of things invisible to mortal sight .
My word , my wisdom , and effectual might , All hast thou spoken as my thoughts are , all As my eternal purpose hath decreed ; Man shall not quite be lost , but sav ' d who will ; Yet not of will in him , but grace in me Freely vouchsaf ' d ; once more I will renew His lapsed powers , though forfeit ; and enthrall ' d By sin to foul exorbitant desires ; Upheld by me , yet once more he shall stand On even ground against his mortal foe ; By me upheld , that he may know how frail His fallen condition is , and to me owe All his deliverance , and to none but me .
Some I have chosen of peculiar grace , Elect above the rest ; so is my will : The rest shall hear me call , and oft be warn ' d Their sinful state , and to appease betimes The incensed Deity , while offer ' d grace Invites ; for I will clear their senses dark , What may suffice , and soften stony hearts To pray , repent , and bring obedience due .
This my long sufferance , and my day of grace , They who neglect and scorn , shall never taste ; But hard be harden ' d , blind be blinded more , That they may stumble on , and deeper fall ; And none but such from mercy I exclude .
So heavenly love shall outdo hellish hate , Giving to death , and dying to redeem , So dearly to redeem what hellish hate So easily destroyed , and still destroys In those who , when they may , accept not grace .
Brightest Seraph , tell In which of all these shining orbs hath Man His fixed seat , or fixed seat hath none , But all these shining orbs his choice to dwell ; That I may find him , and with secret gaze Or open admiration him behold , On whom the great Creator hath bestowed Worlds , and on whom hath all these graces poured ; That both in him and all things , as is meet , The universal Maker we may praise ; Who justly hath driven out his rebel foes To deepest Hell , and , to repair that loss , Created this new happy race of Men To serve him better : Wise are all his ways .
gentle pair , ye little think how nigh Your change approaches , when all these delights Will vanish , and deliver ye to woe ; More woe , the more your taste is now of joy ; Happy , but for so happy ill secured Long to continue , and this high seat your Heaven Ill fenced for Heaven to keep out such a foe As now is entered ; yet no purposed foe To you , whom I could pity thus forlorn , Though I unpitied : League with you I seek , And mutual amity , so strait , so close , That I with you must dwell , or you with me Henceforth ; my dwelling haply may not please , Like this fair Paradise , your sense ; yet such Accept your Maker ' s work ; he gave it me , Which I as freely give : Hell shall unfold , To entertain you two , her widest gates , And send forth all her kings ; there will be room , Not like these narrow limits , to receive Your numerous offspring ; if no better place , Thank him who puts me loth to this revenge On you who wrong me not for him who wronged .
So spake our general mother , and with eyes Of conjugal attraction unreproved , And meek surrender , half - embracing leaned On our first father ; half her swelling breast Naked met his , under the flowing gold Of her loose tresses hid : he in delight Both of her beauty , and submissive charms , Smiled with superiour love , as Jupiter On Juno smiles , when he impregns the clouds That shed Mayflowers ; and pressed her matron lip With kisses pure : Aside the Devil turned For envy ; yet with jealous leer malign Eyed them askance , and to himself thus plained .
hence I will excite their minds With more desire to know , and to reject Envious commands , invented with design To keep them low , whom knowledge might exalt Equal with Gods : aspiring to be such , They taste and die : What likelier can ensue But first with narrow search I must walk round This garden , and no corner leave unspied ; A chance but chance may lead where I may meet Some wandering Spirit of Heaven by fountain side , Or in thick shade retired , from him to draw What further would be learned .
Live while ye may , Yet happy pair ; enjoy , till I return , Short pleasures , for long woes are to succeed !
' Partake thou also ; happy though thou art , ' Happier thou mayest be , worthier canst not be : ' Taste this , and be henceforth among the Gods ' Thyself a Goddess , not to earth confined , ' But sometimes in the air , as we , sometimes ' Ascend to Heaven , by merit thine , and see ' What life the Gods live there , and such live thou !'
Evil into the mind of God or Man May come and go , so unreproved , and leave No spot or blame behind : Which gives me hope That what in sleep thou didst abhor to dream , Waking thou never will consent to do .
Go therefore , half this day as friend with friend Converse with Adam , in what bower or shade Thou findest him from the heat of noon retired , To respite his day - labour with repast , Or with repose ; and such discourse bring on , As may advise him of his happy state , Happiness in his power left free to will , Left to his own free will , his will though free , Yet mutable ; whence warn him to beware He swerve not , too secure : Tell him withal His danger , and from whom ; what enemy , Late fallen himself from Heaven , is plotting now The fall of others from like state of bliss ; By violence ?
But go with speed , And , what thy stores contain , bring forth , and pour Abundance , fit to honour and receive Our heavenly stranger : Well we may afford Our givers their own gifts , and large bestow From large bestowed , where Nature multiplies Her fertile growth , and by disburthening grows More fruitful , which instructs us not to spare .
Adam , I therefore came ; nor art thou such Created , or such place hast here to dwell , As may not oft invite , though Spirits of Heaven , To visit thee ; lead on then where thy bower O ' ershades ; for these mid - hours , till evening rise , I have at will .
Therefore what he gives ( Whose praise be ever sung ) to Man in part Spiritual , may of purest Spirits be found No ingrateful food : And food alike those pure Intelligential substances require , As doth your rational ; and both contain Within them every lower faculty Of sense , whereby they hear , see , smell , touch , taste , Tasting concoct , digest , assimilate , And corporeal to incorporeal turn .
Though in Heaven the trees Of life ambrosial fruitage bear , and vines Yield nectar ; though from off the boughs each morn We brush mellifluous dews , and find the ground Covered with pearly grain : Yet God hath here Varied his bounty so with new delights , As may compare with Heaven ; and to taste Think not I shall be nice .
Time may come , when Men With Angels may participate , and find No inconvenient diet , nor too light fare ; And from these corporal nutriments perhaps Your bodies may at last turn all to spirit , Improved by tract of time , and , winged , ascend Ethereal , as we ; or may , at choice , Here or in heavenly Paradises dwell ; If ye be found obedient , and retain Unalterably firm his love entire , Whose progeny you are .
O favourable Spirit , propitious guest , Well hast thou taught the way that might direct Our knowledge , and the scale of nature set From center to circumference ; whereon , In contemplation of created things , By steps we may ascend to God .
yet for thy good This is dispensed ; and what surmounts the reach Of human sense , I shall delineate so , By likening spiritual to corporal forms , As may express them best ; though what if Earth Be but a shadow of Heaven , and things therein Each to other like , more than on earth is thought ?
New laws thou seest imposed ; New laws from him who reigns , new minds may raise In us who serve , new counsels to debate What doubtful may ensue : More in this place To utter is not safe .
Thrones , Dominations , Princedoms , Virtues , Powers ; If these magnifick titles yet remain Not merely titular , since by decree Another now hath to himself engrossed All power , and us eclipsed under the name Of King anointed , for whom all this haste Of midnight - march , and hurried meeting here , This only to consult how we may best , With what may be devised of honours new , Receive him coming to receive from us Knee - tribute yet unpaid , prostration vile !
Cease then this impious rage , And tempt not these ; but hasten to appease The incensed Father , and the incensed Son , While pardon may be found in time besought .
thy hope was to have reached The highth of thy aspiring unopposed , The throne of God unguarded , and his side Abandoned , at the terrour of thy power Or potent tongue : Fool ! not to think how vain Against the Omnipotent to rise in arms ; Who out of smallest things could , without end , Have raised incessant armies to defeat Thy folly ; or with solitary hand Reaching beyond all limit , at one blow , Unaided , could have finished thee , and whelmed Thy legions under darkness : But thou seest All are not of thy train ; there be , who faith Prefer , and piety to God , though then To thee not visible , when I alone Seemed in thy world erroneous to dissent From all : My sect thou seest ; now learn too late How few sometimes may know , when thousands err .
But well thou comest Before thy fellows , ambitious to win From me some plume , that thy success may show Destruction to the rest : This pause between , ( Unanswered lest thou boast ) to let thee know , At first I thought that Liberty and Heaven To heavenly souls had been all one ; but now I see that most through sloth had rather serve , Ministring Spirits , trained up in feast and song !
They ended parle , and both addressed for fight Unspeakable ; for who , though with the tongue Of Angels , can relate , or to what things Liken on earth conspicuous , that may lift Human imagination to such highth Of Godlike power ?
Together both with next to almighty arm Up - lifted imminent , one stroke they aimed That might determine , and not need repeat , As not of power at once ; nor odds appeared In might or swift prevention : But the sword Of Michael from the armoury of God Was given him tempered so , that neither keen Nor solid might resist that edge : it met The sword of Satan , with steep force to smite Descending , and in half cut sheer ; nor staid , But with swift wheel reverse , deep entering , shared All his right side : Then Satan first knew pain , And writhed him to and fro convolved ; so sore The griding sword with discontinuous wound Passed through him : But the ethereal substance closed , Not long divisible ; and from the gash A stream of necturous humour issuing flowed Sanguine , such as celestial Spirits may bleed , And all his armour stained , ere while so bright .
What Heaven ' s Lord had powerfullest to send Against us from about his throne , and judged Sufficient to subdue us to his will , But proves not so : Then fallible , it seems , Of future we may deem him , though till now Omniscient thought .
Of evil then so small as easy think The remedy ; perhaps more valid arms , Weapons more violent , when next we meet , May serve to better us , and worse our foes , Or equal what between us made the odds , In nature none : If other hidden cause Left them superiour , while we can preserve Unhurt our minds , and understanding sound , Due search and consultation will disclose .
Sense of pleasure we may well Spare out of life perhaps , and not repine , But live content , which is the calmest life : But pain is perfect misery , the worst Of evils , and , excessive , overturns All patience .
He , who therefore can invent With what more forcible we may offend Our yet unwounded enemies , or arm Ourselves with like defence , to me deserves No less than for deliverance what we owe .
Vanguard , to right and left the front unfold ; That all may see who hate us , how we seek Peace and composure , and with open breast Stand ready to receive them , if they like Our overture ; and turn not back perverse : But that I doubt ; however witness , Heaven !
while we discharge Freely our part : ye , who appointed stand Do as you have in charge , and briefly touch What we propound , and loud that all may hear !
Two days are therefore past , the third is thine ; For thee I have ordained it ; and thus far Have suffered , that the glory may be thine Of ending this great war , since none but Thou Can end it .
Into thee such virtue and grace Immense I have transfused , that all may know In Heaven and Hell thy power above compare ; And , this perverse commotion governed thus , To manifest thee worthiest to be Heir Of all things ; to be Heir , and to be King By sacred unction , thy deserved right .
Therefore to me their doom he hath assigned ; That they may have their wish , to try with me In battle which the stronger proves ; they all , Or I alone against them ; since by strength They measure all , of other excellence Not emulous , nor care who them excels ; Nor other strife with them do I vouchsafe .
Thus , measuring things in Heaven by things on Earth , At thy request , and that thou mayest beware By what is past , to thee I have revealed What might have else to human race been hid ; The discord which befel , and war in Heaven Among the angelick Powers , and the deep fall Of those too high aspiring , who rebelled With Satan ; he who envies now thy state , Who now is plotting how he may seduce Thee also from obedience , that , with him Bereaved of happiness , thou mayest partake His punishment , eternal misery ; Which would be all his solace and revenge , As a despite done against the Most High , Thee once to gain companion of his woe .
But since thou hast vouchsafed Gently , for our instruction , to impart Things above earthly thought , which yet concerned Our knowing , as to highest wisdom seemed , Deign to descend now lower , and relate What may no less perhaps avail us known , How first began this Heaven which we behold Distant so high , with moving fires adorned Innumerable ; and this which yields or fills All space , the ambient air wide interfused Embracing round this floried Earth ; what cause Moved the Creator , in his holy rest Through all eternity , so late to build In Chaos ; and the work begun , how soon Absolved ; if unforbid thou mayest unfold What we , not to explore the secrets ask Of his eternal empire , but the more To magnify his works , the more we know .
Yet what thou canst attain , which best may serve To glorify the Maker , and infer Thee also happier , shall not be withheld Thy hearing ; such commission from above I have received , to answer thy desire Of knowledge within bounds ; beyond , abstain To ask ; nor let thine own inventions hope Things not revealed , which the invisible King , Only Omniscient , hath suppressed in night ; To none communicable in Earth or Heaven : Enough is left besides to search and know .
But knowledge is as food , and needs no less Her temperance over appetite , to know In measure what the mind may well contain ; Oppresses else with surfeit , and soon turns Wisdom to folly , as nourishment to wind .
Wherever thus created , for no place Is yet distinct by name , thence , as thou knowest , He brought thee into this delicious grove , This garden , planted with the trees of God , Delectable both to behold and taste ; And freely all their pleasant fruit for food Gave thee ; all sorts are here that all the Earth yields , Variety without end ; but of the tree , Which , tasted , works knowledge of good and evil , Thou mayest not ; in the day thou eatest , thou diest ; Death is the penalty imposed ; beware , And govern well thy appetite ; lest Sin Surprise thee , and her black attendant Death .
To ask or search , I blame thee not ; for Heaven Is as the book of God before thee set , Wherein to read his wonderous works , and learn His seasons , hours , or days , or months , or years : This to attain , whether Heaven move or Earth , Imports not , if thou reckon right ; the rest From Man or Angel the great Architect Did wisely to conceal , and not divulge His secrets to be scanned by them who ought Rather admire ; or , if they list to try Conjecture , he his fabrick of the Heavens Hath left to their disputes , perhaps to move His laughter at their quaint opinions wide Hereafter ; when they come to model Heaven And calculate the stars , how they will wield The mighty frame ; how build , unbuild , contrive To save appearances ; how gird the sphere With centrick and eccentrick scribbled o ' er , Cycle and epicycle , orb in orb : Already by thy reasoning this I guess , Who art to lead thy offspring , and supposest That bodies bright and greater should not serve The less not bright , nor Heaven such journeys run , Earth sitting still , when she alone receives The benefit : Consider first , that great Or bright infers not excellence : the Earth Though , in comparison of Heaven , so small , Nor glistering , may of solid good contain More plenty than the sun that barren shines ; Whose virtue on itself works no effect , But in the fruitful Earth ; there first received , His beams , unactive else , their vigour find .
And for the Heaven ' s wide circuit , let it speak The Maker ' s high magnificence , who built So spacious , and his line stretched out so far ; That Man may know he dwells not in his own ; An edifice too large for him to fill , Lodged in a small partition ; and the rest Ordained for uses to his Lord best known .
reciprocal , if land be there , Fields and inhabitants : Her spots thou seest As clouds , and clouds may rain , and rain produce Fruits in her softened soil for some to eat Allotted there ; and other suns perhaps , With their attendant moons , thou wilt descry , Communicating male and female light ; Which two great sexes animate the world , Stored in each orb perhaps with some that live .
Therefore from this high pitch let us descend A lower flight , and speak of things at hand Useful ; whence , haply , mention may arise Of something not unseasonable to ask , By sufferance , and thy wonted favour , deigned .
Thou Sun , said I , fair light , And thou enlightened Earth , so fresh and gay , Ye Hills , and Dales , ye Rivers , Woods , and Plains , And ye that live and move , fair Creatures , tell , Tell , if ye saw , how I came thus , how here ?-- Not of myself ;-- by some great Maker then , In goodness and in power pre - eminent : Tell me , how may I know him , how adore , From whom I have that thus I move and live , And feel that I am happier than I know .-- While thus I called , and strayed I knew not whither , From where I first drew air , and first beheld This happy light ; when , answer none returned , On a green shady bank , profuse of flowers , Pensive I sat me down : There gentle sleep First found me , and with soft oppression seised My droused sense , untroubled , though I thought I then was passing to my former state Insensible , and forthwith to dissolve : When suddenly stood at my head a dream , Whose inward apparition gently moved My fancy to believe I yet had being , And lived : One came , methought , of shape divine , And said , ' Thy mansion wants thee , Adam ; rise , ' First Man , of men innumerable ordained ' First Father !
O , by what name , for thou above all these , Above mankind , or aught than mankind higher , Surpassest far my naming ; how may I Adore thee , Author of this universe , And all this good to man ?
fair , no doubt , and worthy well Thy cherishing , thy honouring , and thy love ; Not thy subjection : Weigh with her thyself ; Then value : Oft - times nothing profits more Than self - esteem , grounded on just and right Well managed ; of that skill the more thou knowest , The more she will acknowledge thee her head , And to realities yield all her shows : Made so adorn for thy delight the more , So awful , that with honour thou mayest love Thy mate , who sees when thou art seen least wise .
What higher in her society thou findest Attractive , human , rational , love still ; In loving thou dost well , in passion not , Wherein true love consists not : Love refines The thoughts , and heart enlarges ; hath his seat In reason , and is judicious ; is the scale By which to heavenly love thou mayest ascend , Not sunk in carnal pleasure ; for which cause , Among the beasts no mate for thee was found .
Me , of these Nor skill ' d nor studious , higher argument Remains ; sufficient of itself to raise That name , unless an age too late , or cold Climate , or years , damp my intended wing Depress ' d ; and much they may , if all be mine , Not hers , who brings it nightly to my ear .
But neither here seek I , no nor in Heaven To dwell , unless by mastering Heaven ' s Supreme ; Nor hope to be myself less miserable By what I seek , but others to make such As I , though thereby worse to me redound : For only in destroying I find ease To my relentless thoughts ; and , him destroyed , Or won to what may work his utter loss , For whom all this was made , all this will soon Follow , as to him linked in weal or woe ; In woe then ; that destruction wide may range : To me shall be the glory sole among The infernal Powers , in one day to have marred What he , Almighty styled , six nights and days Continued making ; and who knows how long Before had been contriving ?
Subjected to his service angel - wings , And flaming ministers to watch and tend Their earthly charge : Of these the vigilance I dread ; and , to elude , thus wrapt in mist Of midnight vapour glide obscure , and pry In every bush and brake , where hap may find The serpent sleeping ; in whose mazy folds To hide me , and the dark intent I bring .
Now , when as sacred light began to dawn In Eden on the humid flowers , that breathed Their morning incense , when all things , that breathe , From the Earth ' s great altar send up silent praise To the Creator , and his nostrils fill With grateful smell , forth came the human pair , And joined their vocal worship to the quire Of creatures wanting voice ; that done , partake The season prime for sweetest scents and airs : Then commune , how that day they best may ply Their growing work : for much their work out - grew The hands ' dispatch of two gardening so wide , And Eve first to her husband thus began .
Adam , well may we labour still to dress This garden , still to tend plant , herb , and flower , Our pleasant task enjoined ; but , till more hands Aid us , the work under our labour grows , Luxurious by restraint ; what we by day Lop overgrown , or prune , or prop , or bind , One night or two with wanton growth derides Tending to wild .
But , that thou shouldst my firmness therefore doubt To God or thee , because we have a foe May tempt it , I expected not to hear .
Firm we subsist , yet possible to swerve ; Since Reason not impossibly may meet Some specious object by the foe suborned , And fall into deception unaware , Not keeping strictest watch , as she was warned .
But , if thou think , trial unsought may find Us both securer than thus warned thou seemest , Go ; for thy stay , not free , absents thee more ; Go in thy native innocence , rely On what thou hast of virtue ; summon all !
With thy permission then , and thus forewarned Chiefly by what thy own last reasoning words Touched only ; that our trial , when least sought , May find us both perhaps far less prepared , The willinger I go , nor much expect A foe so proud will first the weaker seek ; So bent , the more shall shame him his repulse .
What may this mean ?
But of this tree we may not taste nor touch ; God so commanded , and left that command Sole daughter of his voice ; the rest , we live Law to ourselves ; our reason is our law .
Of the fruit Of each tree in the garden we may eat ; But of the fruit of this fair tree amidst The garden , God hath said , Ye shall not eat Thereof , nor shall ye touch it , lest ye die .
And what are Gods , that Man may not become As they , participating God - like food ?
And I perhaps am secret : Heaven is high , High , and remote to see from thence distinct Each thing on Earth ; and other care perhaps May have diverted from continual watch Our great Forbidder , safe with all his spies About him .
so to add what wants In female sex , the more to draw his love , And render me more equal ; and perhaps , A thing not undesirable , sometime Superiour ; for , inferiour , who is free This may be well : But what if God have seen , And death ensue ?
Thou therefore also taste , that equal lot May join us , equal joy , as equal love ; Lest , thou not tasting , different degree Disjoin us , and I then too late renounce Deity for thee , when Fate will not permit .
Ye Cedars , with innumerable boughs Hide me , where I may never see them more !-- But let us now , as in bad plight , devise What best may for the present serve to hide The parts of each from other , that seem most To shame obnoxious , and unseemliest seen ; Some tree , whose broad smooth leaves together sewed , And girded on our loins , may cover round Those middle parts ; that this new comer , Shame , There sit not , and reproach us as unclean .
Easy it may be seen that I intend Mercy colleague with justice , sending thee Man ' s friend , his Mediator , his designed Both ransom and Redeemer voluntary , And destined Man himself to judge Man fallen .
Father Eternal , thine is to decree ; Mine , both in Heaven and Earth , to do thy will Supreme ; that thou in me , thy Son beloved , Mayest ever rest well pleased .
I go to judge On earth these thy transgressours ; but thou knowest , Whoever judged , the worst on me must light , When time shall be ; for so I undertook Before thee ; and , not repenting , this obtain Of right , that I may mitigate their doom On me derived ; yet I shall temper so Justice with mercy , as may illustrate most Them fully satisfied , and thee appease .
So , if great things to small may be compared , Xerxes , the liberty of Greece to yoke , From Susa , his Memnonian palace high , Came to the sea : and , over Hellespont Bridging his way , Europe with Asia joined , And scourged with many a stroke the indignant waves .
To me , who with eternal famine pine , Alike is Hell , or Paradise , or Heaven ; There best , where most with ravine I may meet ; Which here , though plenteous , all too little seems To stuff this maw , this vast unhide - bound corps .
Ill fare our ancestor impure , For this we may thank Adam !
That name best Befits thee with him leagued , thyself as false And hateful ; nothing wants , but that thy shape , Like his , and colour serpentine , may show Thy inward fraud ; to warn all creatures from thee Henceforth ; lest that too heavenly form , pretended To hellish falshood , snare them !
Both have sinned ; but thou Against God only ; I against God and thee ; And to the place of judgement will return , There with my cries importune Heaven ; that all The sentence , from thy head removed , may light On me , sole cause to thee of all this woe ; Me , me only , just object of his ire !
But rise ;-- let us no more contend , nor blame Each other , blamed enough elsewhere ; but strive In offices of love , how we may lighten Each other ' s burden , in our share of woe ; Since this day ' s death denounced , if aught I see , Will prove no sudden , but a slow - paced evil ; A long day ' s dying , to augment our pain ; And to our seed ( O hapless seed !)
Which now the sky , with various face , begins To show us in this mountain ; while the winds Blow moist and keen , shattering the graceful locks Of these fair spreading trees ; which bids us seek Some better shroud , some better warmth to cherish Our limbs benummed , ere this diurnal star Leave cold the night , how we his gathered beams Reflected may with matter sere foment ; Or , by collision of two bodies , grind The air attrite to fire ; as late the clouds Justling , or pushed with winds , rude in their shock , Tine the slant lightning ; whose thwart flame , driven down Kindles the gummy bark of fir or pine ; And sends a comfortable heat from far , Which might supply the sun : Such fire to use , And what may else be remedy or cure To evils which our own misdeeds have wrought , He will instruct us praying , and of grace Beseeching him ; so as we need not fear To pass commodiously this life , sustained By him with many comforts , till we end In dust , our final rest and native home .
Accept me ; and , in me , from these receive The smell of peace toward mankind : let him live Before thee reconciled , at least his days Numbered , though sad ; till death , his doom , ( which I To mitigate thus plead , not to reverse ,) To better life shall yield him : where with me All my redeemed may dwell in joy and bliss ; Made one with me , as I with thee am one .
All thy request for Man , accepted Son , Obtain ; all thy request was my decree : But , longer in that Paradise to dwell , The law I gave to Nature him forbids : Those pure immortal elements , that know , No gross , no unharmonious mixture foul , Eject him , tainted now ; and purge him off , As a distemper , gross , to air as gross , And mortal food ; as may dispose him best For dissolution wrought by sin , that first Distempered all things , and of incorrupt Corrupted .
Eve , easily my faith admit , that all The good which we enjoy from Heaven descends ; But , that from us aught should ascend to Heaven So prevalent as to concern the mind Of God high - blest , or to incline his will , Hard to belief may seem ; yet this will prayer Or one short sigh of human breath , upborne Even to the seat of God .
Adam , Heaven ' s high behest no preface needs : Sufficient that thy prayers are heard ; and Death , Then due by sentence when thou didst transgress , Defeated of his seisure many days Given thee of grace ; wherein thou mayest repent , And one bad act with many deeds well done Mayest cover : Well may then thy Lord , appeased , Redeem thee quite from Death ' s rapacious claim ; But longer in this Paradise to dwell Permits not : to remove thee I am come , And send thee from the garden forth to till The ground whence thou wast taken , fitter soil .
Celestial , whether among the Thrones , or named Of them the highest ; for such of shape may seem Prince above princes !
Which that thou mayest believe , and be confirmed Ere thou from hence depart ; know , I am sent To show thee what shall come in future days To thee , and to thy offspring : good with bad Expect to hear ; supernal grace contending With sinfulness of men ; thereby to learn True patience , and to temper joy with fear And pious sorrow ; equally inured By moderation either state to bear , Prosperous or adverse : so shalt thou lead Safest thy life , and best prepared endure Thy mortal passage when it comes .-- Ascend This hill ; let Eve ( for I have drenched her eyes ) Here sleep below ; while thou to foresight wakest ; As once thou sleptst , while she to life was formed .
Ascend , I follow thee , safe Guide , the path Thou leadest me ; and to the hand of Heaven submit , However chastening ; to the evil turn My obvious breast ; arming to overcome By suffering , and earn rest from labour won , If so I may attain .
Some , as thou sawest , by violent stroke shall die ; By fire , flood , famine , by intemperance more In meats and drinks , which on the earth shall bring Diseases dire , of which a monstrous crew Before thee shall appear ; that thou mayest know What misery the inabstinence of Eve Shall bring on Men .
But is there yet no other way , besides These painful passages , how we may come To death , and mix with our connatural dust ?
There is , said Michael , if thou well observe The rule of Not too much ; by temperance taught , In what thou eatest and drinkest ; seeking from thence Due nourishment , not gluttonous delight , Till many years over thy head return : So mayest thou live ; till , like ripe fruit , thou drop Into thy mother ' s lap ; or be with ease Gathered , nor harshly plucked ; for death mature : This is Old Age ; but then , thou must outlive Thy youth , thy strength , thy beauty ; which will change To withered , weak , and gray ; thy senses then , Obtuse , all taste of pleasure must forego , To what thou hast ; and , for the air of youth , Hopeful and cheerful , in thy blood will reign A melancholy damp of cold and dry To weigh thy spirits down , and last consume The balm of life .
Henceforth I fly not death , nor would prolong Life much ; bent rather , how I may be quit , Fairest and easiest , of this cumbrous charge ; Which I must keep till my appointed day Of rendering up , and patiently attend My dissolution .
Let no man seek Henceforth to be foretold , what shall befall Him or his children ; evil he may be sure , Which neither his foreknowing can prevent ; And he the future evil shall no less In apprehension than in substance feel , Grievous to bear : but that care now is past , Man is not whom to warn : those few escaped Famine and anguish will at last consume , Wandering that watery desart : I had hope , When violence was ceased , and war on earth , All would have then gone well ; peace would have crowned With length of happy days the race of Man ; But I was far deceived ; for now I see Peace to corrupt no less than war to waste .
The conquered also , and enslaved by war , Shall , with their freedom lost , all virtue lose And fear of God ; from whom their piety feigned In sharp contest of battle found no aid Against invaders ; therefore , cooled in zeal , Thenceforth shall practice how to live secure , Worldly or dissolute , on what their lords Shall leave them to enjoy ; for the earth shall bear More than enough , that temperance may be tried : So all shall turn degenerate , all depraved ; Justice and temperance , truth and faith , forgot ; One man except , the only son of light In a dark age , against example good , Against allurement , custom , and a world Offended : fearless of reproach and scorn , The grand - child , with twelve sons encreased , departs From Canaan , to a land hereafter called Egypt , divided by the river Nile ; See where it flows , disgorging at seven mouths Into the sea : To sojourn in that land He comes , invited by a younger son In time of dearth ; a son , whose worthy deeds Raise him to be the second in that realm Of Pharaoh : There he dies , and leaves his race Growing into a nation , and now grown Suspected to a sequent king , who seeks To stop their overgrowth , as inmate guests Or violence , he of their wicked ways Shall them admonish ; and before them set The paths of righteousness , how much more safe And full of peace ; denouncing wrath to come On their impenitence ; and shall return Of them derided , but of God observed The one just man alive ; by his command Shall build a wonderous ark , as thou beheldst , To save himself , and houshold , from amidst A world devote to universal wrack .
Forthwith from out the ark a raven flies , And after him , the surer messenger , A dove sent forth once and again to spy Green tree or ground , whereon his foot may light : The second time returning , in his bill An olive - leaf he brings , pacifick sign : Anon dry ground appears , and from his ark The ancient sire descends , with all his train ; Then with uplifted hands , and eyes devout , Grateful to Heaven , over his head beholds A dewy cloud , and in the cloud a bow Conspicuous with three lifted colours gay , Betokening peace from God , and covenant new .
He with a crew , whom like ambition joins With him or under him to tyrannize , Marching from Eden towards the west , shall find The plain , wherein a black bituminous gurge Boils out from under ground , the mouth of Hell : Of brick , and of that stuff , they cast to build A city and tower , whose top may reach to Heaven ; And get themselves a name ; lest , far dispersed In foreign lands , their memory be lost ; Regardless whether good or evil fame .
Doubt not but that sin Will reign among them , as of thee begot ; And therefore was law given them , to evince Their natural pravity , by stirring up Sin against law to fight : that when they see Law can discover sin , but not remove , Save by those shadowy expiations weak , The blood of bulls and goats , they may conclude Some blood more precious must be paid for Man ; Just for unjust ; that , in such righteousness To them by faith imputed , they may find Justification towards God , and peace Of conscience ; which the law by ceremonies Cannot appease ; nor Man the mortal part Perform ; and , not performing , cannot live .
This having learned , thou hast attained the sum Of wisdom ; hope no higher , though all the stars Thou knewest by name , and all the ethereal powers , All secrets of the deep , all Nature ' s works , Or works of God in Heaven , air , earth , or sea , And all the riches of this world enjoyedst , And all the rule , one empire ; only add Deeds to thy knowledge answerable ; add faith , Add virtue , patience , temperance ; add love , By name to come called charity , the soul Of all the rest : then wilt thou not be loth To leave this Paradise , but shalt possess A Paradise within thee , happier far .-- Let us descend now therefore from this top Of speculation ; for the hour precise Exacts our parting hence ; and see ! the guards , By me encamped on yonder hill , expect Their motion ; at whose front a flaming sword , In signal of remove , waves fiercely round : We may no longer stay : go , waken Eve ; Her also I with gentle dreams have calmed Portending good , and all her spirits composed To meek submission : thou , at season fit , Let her with thee partake what thou hast heard ; Chiefly what may concern her faith to know , The great deliverance by her seed to come ( For by the Woman ' s seed ) on all mankind : That ye may live , which will be many days , Both in one faith unanimous , though sad , With cause , for evils past ; yet much more cheered With meditation on the happy end .
A Trade Sir , that I hope I may vse , with a safe Conscience , which is indeed Sir , a Mender of bad soules
May we do so ?
Well Brutus , thou art Noble : yet I see , Thy Honorable Mettle may be wrought From that it is dispos ' d : therefore it is meet , That Noble mindes keepe euer with their likes : For who so firme , that cannot be seduc ' d ?
Indeed , it is a strange disposed time : But men may construe things after their fashion , Cleane from the purpose of the things themselues .
Good Cinna , take this Paper , And looke you lay it in the Pretors Chayre , Where Brutus may but finde it : and throw this In at his Window ; set this vp with Waxe Vpon old Brutus Statue : all this done , Repaire to Pompeyes Porch , where you shall finde vs . Is Decius Brutus and Trebonius there ?
It is the bright day , that brings forth the Adder , And that craues warie walking : Crowne him that , And then I graunt we put a Sting in him , That at his will he may doe danger with .
But ' tis a common proofe , That Lowlynesse is young Ambitions Ladder , Whereto the Climber vpward turnes his Face : But when he once attaines the vpmost Round , He then vnto the Ladder turnes his Backe , Lookes in the Clouds , scorning the base degrees By which he did ascend : so Caesar may ; Then least he may , preuent .
The exhalations , whizzing in the ayre , Giue so much light , that I may reade by them .
No , Sir , their Hats are pluckt about their Eares , And halfe their Faces buried in their Cloakes , That by no meanes I may discouer them , By any marke of fauour
And you know , his meanes If he improue them , may well stretch so farre As to annoy vs all : which to preuent , Let Antony and Caesar fall together
But it is doubtfull yet , Whether Caesar will come forth to day , or no : For he is Superstitious growne of late , Quite from the maine Opinion he held once , Of Fantasie , of Dreames , and Ceremonies : It may be , these apparant Prodigies , The vnaccustom ' d Terror of this night , And the perswasion of his Augurers , May hold him from the Capitoll to day
Neuer feare that : If he be so resolu ' d , I can ore - sway him : For he loues to heare , That Vnicornes may be betray ' d with Trees , And Beares with Glasses , Elephants with Holes , Lyons with Toyles , and men with Flatterers .
If you shall send them word you will not come , Their mindes may change .
Now Cynna , now Metellus : what Trebonius , I haue an houres talke in store for you : Remember that you call on me to day : Be neere me , that I may remember you
If thou reade this , O Caesar , thou mayest liue ; If not , the Fates with Traitors do contriue .
None that I know will be , Much that I feare may chance : Good morrow to you : heere the street is narrow : The throng that followes Caesar at the heeles , Of Senators , of Praetors , common Sutors , Will crowd a feeble man ( almost ) to death : Ile get me to a place more voyd , and there Speake to great Caesar as he comes along .
I wish your enterprize to day may thriue
I kisse thy hand , but not in flattery Caesar : Desiring thee , that Publius Cymber may Haue an immediate freedome of repeale
If Brutus will vouchsafe , that Antony May safely come to him , and be resolu ' d How Caesar hath deseru ' d to lye in death , Mark Antony , shall not loue Caesar dead So well as Brutus liuing ; but will follow The Fortunes and Affayres of Noble Brutus , Thorough the hazards of this vntrod State , With all true Faith .
I wish we may : But yet haue I a minde That feares him much : and my misgiuing still Falles shrewdly to the purpose .
That ' s all I seeke , And am moreouer sutor , that I may Produce his body to the Market - place , And in the Pulpit as becomes a Friend , Speake in the Order of his Funerall
Brutus , a word with you : You know not what you do ; Do not consent That Antony speake in his Funerall : Know you how much the people may be mou ' d By that which he will vtter
I know not what may fall , I like it not
Romans , Countrey - men , and Louers , heare mee for my cause , and be silent , that you may heare .
Beleeue me for mine Honor , and haue respect to mine Honor , that you may beleeue .
Censure me in your Wisedom , and awake your Senses , that you may the better Iudge .
You may do your will : But hee ' s a tried , and valiant Souldier
Brutus and Cassius Are leuying Powers ; We must straight make head : Therefore let our Alliance be combin ' d , Our best Friends made , our meanes stretcht , And let vs presently go sit in Councell , How couert matters may be best disclos ' d , And open Perils surest answered
And sell the mighty space of our large Honors For so much trash , as may be grasped thus ?
Do not presume too much vpon my Loue , I may do that I shall be sorry for
I pray you sirs , lye in my Tent and sleepe , It may be I shall raise you by and by On businesse to my Brother Cassius
I will it not haue it so : Lye downe good sirs , It may be I shall otherwise bethinke me .
Now most Noble Brutus , The Gods to day stand friendly , that we may Louers in peace , leade on our dayes to age .
But since the affayres of men rests still incertaine , Let ' s reason with the worst that may befall .
Titinius , if thou louest me , Mount thou my horse , and hide thy spurres in him , Till he haue brought thee vp to yonder Troopes And heere againe , that I may rest assur ' d Whether yond Troopes , are Friend or Enemy
Seeke him Titinius , whilst I go to meet The Noble Brutus , thrusting this report Into his eares ; I may say thrusting it : For piercing Steele , and Darts inuenomed , Shall be as welcome to the eares of Brutus , As tydings of this sight
Why now thou dyest , as brauely as Titinius , And may ' st be honour ' d , being Cato ' s Sonne
Horatio saies , ' tis but our Fantasie , And will not let beleefe take hold of him Touching this dreaded sight , twice seene of vs , Therefore I haue intreated him along With vs , to watch the minutes of this Night , That if againe this Apparition come , He may approue our eyes , and speake to it
If there be any good thing to be done , That may to thee do ease , and grace to me ; speak to me .
If thou art priuy to thy Countries Fate ( Which happily foreknowing may auoyd ) Oh speake .
Season your admiration for a while With an attent eare ; till I may deliuer Vpon the witnesse of these Gentlemen , This maruell to you
Perhaps he loues you now , And now no soyle nor cautell doth besmerch The vertue of his feare : but you must feare His greatnesse weigh ' d , his will is not his owne ; For hee himselfe is subiect to his Birth : Hee may not , as vnuallued persons doe , Carue for himselfe ; for , on his choyce depends The sanctity and health of the whole State .
Then if he sayes he loues you , It fits your wisedome so farre to beleeue it ; As he in his peculiar Sect and force May giue his saying deed : which is no further , Then the maine voyce of Denmarke goes withall .
Then weight what losse your Honour may sustaine , If with too credent eare you list his Songs ; Or lose your Heart ; or your chast Treasure open To his vnmastred importunity .
Beware Of entrance to a quarrell : but being in Bear ' t that th ' opposed may beware of thee .
I , fashion you may call it , go too , go too
For Lord Hamlet , Beleeue so much in him , that he is young , And with a larger tether may he walke , Then may be giuen you .
What may this meane ?
Hast , hast me to know it , That with wings as swift As meditation , or the thoughts of Loue , May sweepe to my Reuenge
My Tables , my Tables ; meet it is I set it downe , That one may smile , and smile and be a Villaine ; At least I ' m sure it may be so in Denmarke ; So Vnckle there you are : now to my word ; It is ; Adue , Adue , Remember me : I haue sworn ' t
Yes , by Saint Patricke , but there is my Lord , And much offence too , touching this Vision heere : It is an honest Ghost , that let me tell you : For your desire to know what is betweene vs , O ' remaster ' t as you may .
Rest , rest perturbed Spirit : so Gentlemen , With all my loue I doe commend me to you ; And what so poore a man as Hamlet is , May doe t ' expresse his loue and friending to you , God willing shall not lacke : let vs goe in together , And still your fingers on your lippes I pray , The time is out of ioynt : Oh cursed spight , That euer I was borne to set it right .
And in part him , but you may say not well ; But if ' t be hee I meane , hees very wilde ; Addicted so and so ; and there put on him What forgeries you please ; marry , none so ranke , As may dishonour him ; take heed of that : But Sir , such wanton , wild , and vsuall slips , As are Companions noted and most knowne To youth and liberty
You may goe so farre
Faith no , as you may season it in the charge ; You must not put another scandall on him , That hee is open to Incontinencie ; That ' s not my meaning : but breath his faults so quaintly , That they may seeme the taints of liberty ; The flash and out - breake of a fiery minde , A sauagenes in vnreclaim ' d bloud of generall assault
I intreat you both , That being of so young dayes brought vp with him : And since so Neighbour ' d to his youth , and humour , That you vouchsafe your rest heere in our Court Some little time : so by your Companies To draw him on to pleasures , and to gather So much as from Occasions you may gleane , That open ' d lies within our remedie
It may be very likely
How may we try it further ?
Let her not walke i ' thSunne : Conception is a blessing , but not as your daughter may conceiue .
The Spirit that I haue seene May be the Diuell , and the Diuel hath power T ' assume a pleasing shape , yea and perhaps Out of my Weaknesse , and my Melancholly , As he is very potent with such Spirits , Abuses me to damne me .
Sweet Gertrude leaue vs too , For we haue closely sent for Hamlet hither , That he , as ' twere by accident , may there Affront Ophelia .
Her Father , and my selfe ( lawful espials ) Will so bestow our selues , that seeing vnseene We may of their encounter frankely iudge , And gather by him , as he is behaued , If ' t be th ' affliction of his loue , or no .
Madam , I wish it may
Gracious so please ye We will bestow our selues : Reade on this booke , That shew of such an exercise may colour Your lonelinesse .
To dye to sleepe , To sleepe , perchance to Dreame ; I , there ' s the rub , For in that sleepe of death , what dreames may come , When we haue shuffel ' d off this mortall coile , Must giue vs pawse .
Let the doores be shut vpon him , that he may play the Foole no way , but in ' s owne house .
Speake the Speech I pray you , as I pronounc ' d it to you trippingly on the Tongue : But if you mouth it , as many of your Players do , I had as liue the Town - Cryer had spoke my Lines : Nor do not saw the Ayre too much your hand thus , but vse all gently ; for in the verie Torrent , Tempest , and ( as I say ) the Whirle - winde of Passion , you must acquire and beget a Temperance that may giue it Smoothnesse .
Nay , do not thinke I flatter : For what aduancement may I hope from thee , That no Reuennew hast , but thy good spirits To feed & cloath thee .
No , let the Candied tongue , like absurd pompe , And crooke the pregnant Hindges of the knee , Where thrift may follow faining ?
Then there ' s hope , a great mans Memorie , may out - liue his life halfe a yeare : But byrlady he must builde Churches then : or else shall he suffer not thinking on , with the Hoby - horsse , whose Epitaph is , For o , For o , the Hoby - horse is forgot .
So many iournies may the Sunne and Moone Make vs againe count o ' re , ere loue be done .
Therefore prepare you , I your Commission will forthwith dispatch , And he to England shall along with you : The termes of our estate , may not endure Hazard so dangerous as doth hourely grow Out of his Lunacies
My Crowne , mine owne Ambition , and my Queene : May one be pardon ' d , and retaine th ' offence ?
In the corrupted currants of this world , Offences gilded hand may shoue by Iustice , And oft ' tis seene , the wicked prize it selfe Buyes out the Law ; but ' tis not so aboue , There is no shuffling , there the Action lyes In his true Nature , and we our selues compell ' d Euen to the teeth and forehead of our faults , To giue in euidence .
Oh limed soule , that strugling to be free , Art more ingag ' d : Helpe Angels , make assay : Bow stubborne knees , and heart with strings of Steele , Be soft as sinewes of the new - borne Babe , All may be well .
He tooke my Father grossely , full of bread , With all his Crimes broad blowne , as fresh as May , And how his Audit stands , who knowes , saue Heauen : But in our circumstance and course of thought ' Tis heauie with him : and am I then reueng ' d , To take him in the purging of his Soule , When he is fit and season ' d for his passage ?
Vp Sword , and know thou a more horrid hent When he is drunke asleepe : or in his Rage , Or in th ' incestuous pleasure of his bed , At gaming , swearing , or about some acte That ha ' s no rellish of Saluation in ' t , Then trip him , that his heeles may kicke at Heauen , And that his Soule may be as damn ' d and blacke As Hell , whereto it goes .
Come , come , and sit you downe , you shall not boudge : You go not till I set you vp a glasse , Where you may see the inmost part of you ?
Tell vs where ' tis , that we may take it thence , And beare it to the Chappell
Nothing but to shew you how a King may go a Progresse through the guts of a Begger
And England , if my loue thou holdst at ought , As my great power thereof may giue thee sense , Since yet thy Cicatrice lookes raw and red After the Danish Sword , and thy free awe Payes homage to vs ; thou maist not coldly set Our Soueraigne Processe , which imports at full By Letters coniuring to that effect The present death of Hamlet .
' Twere good she were spoken with , For she may strew dangerous coniectures In ill breeding minds .
Lord , wee know what we are , but know not what we may be .
Oh Rose of May , Deere Maid , kinde Sister , sweet Ophelia : Oh Heauens , is ' t possible , a yong Maids wits , Should be as mortall as an old mans life ?
Wee may call it Herbe - Grace a Sundaies : Oh you must weare your Rew with a difference .
Come , I will giue you way for these your Letters , And do ' t the speedier , that you may direct me To him from whom you brought them .
O for two speciall Reasons , Which may to you ( perhaps ) seeme much vnsinnowed , And yet to me they are strong .
And so haue I a Noble Father lost , A Sister driuen into desperate tearmes , Who was ( if praises may go backe againe ) Stood Challenger on mount of all the Age For her perfections .
So that with ease , Or with a little shuffling , you may choose A Sword vnbaited , and in a passe of practice , Requit him for your Father
And for that purpose Ile annoint my Sword : I bought an Vnction of a Mountebanke So mortall , I but dipt a knife in it , Where it drawes blood , no Cataplasme so rare , Collected from all Simples that haue Vertue Vnder the Moone , can saue the thing from death , That is but scratcht withall : Ile touch my point , With this contagion , that if I gall him slightly , It may be death
Let ' s further thinke of this , Weigh what conuenience both of time and meanes May fit vs to our shape , if this should faile ; And that our drift looke through our bad performance , ' Twere better not assaid ; therefore this Proiect Should haue a backe or second , that might hold , If this should blast in proofe : Soft , let me see Wee ' l make a solemne wager on your commings , I ha ' t : when in your motion you are hot and dry , As make your bowts more violent to the end , And that he cals for drinke ; Ile haue prepar ' d him A Challice for the nonce ; whereon but sipping , If he by chance escape your venom ' d stuck , Our purpose may hold there ; how sweet Queene .
it does well to those that doe ill : now , thou dost ill to say the Gallowes is built stronger then the Church : Argall , the Gallowes may doe well to thee .
To what base vses we may returne Horatio .
Why may not Imagination trace the Noble dust of Alexander , till he find it stopping a bunghole
Lay her i ' th ' earth , And from her faire and vnpolluted flesh , May Violets spring .
I lou ' d you euer ; but it is no matter : Let Hercules himselfe doe what he may , The Cat will Mew , and Dogge will haue his day .
Liue you , or are you aught That man may question ?
If Chance will haue me King , Why Chance may Crowne me , Without my stirre
Come what come may , Time , and the Houre , runs through the roughest Day
High thee hither , That I may powre my Spirits in thine Eare , And chastise with the valour of my Tongue All that impeides thee from the Golden Round , Which Fate and Metaphysicall ayde doth seeme To haue thee crown ' d withall .
Your Face , my Thane , is as a Booke , where men May reade strange matters , to beguile the time .
Prythee peace : I dare do all that may become a man , Who dares do more , is none
Thou sowre and firme - set Earth Heare not my steps , which they may walke , for feare Thy very stones prate of my where - about , And take the present horror from the time , Which now sutes with it .
' Faith here ' s an English Taylor come hither , for stealing out of a French Hose : Come in Taylor , here you may rost your Goose .
Therefore much Drinke may be said to be an Equiuocator with Lecherie : it makes him , and it marres him ; it sets him on , and it takes him off ; it perswades him , and dis - heartens him ; makes him stand too , and not stand too : in conclusion , equiuocates him in a sleepe , and giuing him the Lye , leaues him
Why doe we hold our tongues , That most may clayme this argument for ours ?
What should be spoken here , Where our Fate hid in an augure hole , May rush , and seize vs ?
Well may you see things wel done there : Adieu Least our old Robes sit easier then our new
If there come truth from them , As vpon thee Macbeth , their Speeches shine , Why by the verities on thee made good , May they not be my Oracles as well , And set me vp in hope .
So is he mine : and in such bloody distance , That euery minute of his being , thrusts Against my neer ' st of Life : and though I could With bare - fac ' d power sweepe him from my sight , And bid my will auouch it ; yet I must not , For certaine friends that are both his , and mine , Whose loues I may not drop , but wayle his fall , Who I my selfe struck downe : and thence it is , That I to your assistance doe make loue , Masking the Businesse from the common Eye , For sundry weightie Reasons
Flye good Fleans , flye , flye , flye , Thou may ' st reuenge .
May ' t please your Highnesse sit
Here had we now our Countries Honor , roof ' d , Were the grac ' d person of our Banquo present : Who , may I rather challenge for vnkindnesse , Then pitty for Mischance
I am in blood Stept in so farre , that should I wade no more , Returning were as tedious as go ore : Strange things I haue in head , that will to hand , Which must be acted , ere they may be scand
The gracious Duncan Was pittied of Macbeth : marry he was dead : And the right valiant Banquo walk ' d too late , Whom you may say ( if ' t please you ) Fleans kill ' d , For Fleans fled : Men must not walke too late .
Thither Macduffe Is gone , to pray the Holy King , vpon his ayd To wake Northumberland , and warlike Seyward , That by the helpe of these ( with him aboue ) To ratifie the Worke ) we may againe Giue to our Tables meate , sleepe to our Nights : Free from our Feasts , and Banquets bloody kniues ; Do faithfull Homage , and receiue free Honors , All which we pine for now .
Some holy Angell Flye to the Court of England , and vnfold His Message ere he come , that a swift blessing May soone returne to this our suffering Country , Vnder a hand accurs ' d
But yet Ile make assurance : double sure , And take a Bond of Fate : thou shalt not liue , That I may tell pale - hearted Feare , it lies ; And sleepe in spight of Thunder .
Ile Charme the Ayre to giue a sound , While you performe your Antique round : That this great King may kindly say , Our duties , did his welcome pay .
I hope in no place so vnsanctified , Where such as thou may ' st finde him
What you haue spoke , it may be so perchance .
I am yong , but something You may discerne of him through me , and wisedome To offer vp a weake , poore innocent Lambe T ' appease an angry God
A good and vertuous Nature may recoyle In an Imperiall charge .
I pray you , Let not my Iealousies , be your Dishonors , But mine owne Safeties : you may be rightly iust , What euer I shall thinke
But feare not yet To take vpon you what is yours : you may Conuey your pleasures in a spacious plenty , And yet seeme cold .
The time you may so hoodwinke : We haue willing Dames enough : there cannot be That Vulture in you , to deuoure so many As will to Greatnesse dedicate themselues , Finding it so inclinde
Macbeth Is ripe for shaking , and the Powres aboue Put on their Instruments : Receiue what cheere you may , The Night is long , that neuer findes the Day .
You may to me , and ' tis most meet you should
Let me endure your wrath , if ' t be not so : Within this three Mile may you see it comming .
Thou loosest labour As easie may ' st thou the intrenchant Ayre With thy keene Sword impresse , as make me bleed : Let fall thy blade on vulnerable Crests , I beare a charmed Life , which must not yeeld To one of woman borne
Wee ' l haue thee , as our rarer Monsters are Painted vpon a pole , and vnder - writ , Heere may you see the Tyrant
Come , said my soul , Such verses for my Body let us write , ( for we are one ,) That should I after return , Or , long , long hence , in other spheres , There to some group of mates the chants resuming , ( Tallying Earth ' s soil , trees , winds , tumultuous waves ,) Ever with pleas ' d smile I may keep on , Ever and ever yet the verses owning -- as , first , I here and now Signing for Soul and Body , set to them my name ,
Here are our thoughts , voyagers ' thoughts , Here not the land , firm land , alone appears , may then by them be said , The sky o ' erarches here , we feel the undulating deck beneath our feet , We feel the long pulsation , ebb and flow of endless motion , The tones of unseen mystery , the vague and vast suggestions of the briny world , the liquid - flowing syllables , The perfume , the faint creaking of the cordage , the melancholy rhythm , The boundless vista and the horizon far and dim are all here , And this is ocean ' s poem .
We dwell a while in every city and town , We pass through Kanada , the North - east , the vast valley of the Mississippi , and the Southern States , We confer on equal terms with each of the States , We make trial of ourselves and invite men and women to hear , We say to ourselves , Remember , fear not , be candid , promulge the body and the soul , Dwell a while and pass on , be copious , temperate , chaste , magnetic , And what you effuse may then return as the seasons return , And may be just as much as the seasons .
I will make a song for these States that no one State may under any circumstances be subjected to another State , And I will make a song that there shall be comity by day and by night between all the States , and between any two of them , And I will make a song for the ears of the President , full of weapons with menacing points , And behind the weapons countless dissatisfied faces ; And a song make I of the One form ' d out of all , The fang ' d and glittering One whose head is over all , Resolute warlike One including and over all , ( However high the head of any else that head is over all .)
let others ignore what they may , I make the poem of evil also , I commemorate that part also , I am myself just as much evil as good , and my nation is -- and I say there is in fact no evil , ( Or if there is I say it is just as important to you , to the land or to me , as any thing else .)
I too , following many and follow ' d by many , inaugurate a religion , I descend into the arena , ( It may be I am destin ' d to utter the loudest cries there , the winner ' s pealing shouts , Who knows ?
they may rise from me yet , and soar above every thing .)
Your ambition or business whatever it may be ?
do you concentrate in me , for I am determin ' d to tell you with courageous clear voice to prove you illustrious , And I will show that there is no imperfection in the present , and can be none in the future , And I will show that whatever happens to anybody it may be turn ' d to beautiful results , And I will show that nothing can happen more beautiful than death , And I will thread a thread through my poems that time and events are compact , And that all the things of the universe are perfect miracles , each as profound as any .
For your life adhere to me , ( I may have to be persuaded many times before I consent to give myself really to you , but what of that ?
Or I guess it is the handkerchief of the Lord , A scented gift and remembrancer designedly dropt , Bearing the owner ' s name someway in the corners , that we may see and remark , and say Whose ?
Tenderly will I use you curling grass , It may be you transpire from the breasts of young men , It may be if I had known them I would have loved them , It may be you are from old people , or from offspring taken soon out of their mothers ' laps , And here you are the mothers ' laps .
14 The wild gander leads his flock through the cool night , Ya - honk he says , and sounds it down to me like an invitation , The pert may suppose it meaningless , but I listening close , Find its purpose and place up there toward the wintry sky .
The soldier camp ' d or upon the march is mine , On the night ere the pending battle many seek me , and I do not fail them , On that solemn night ( it may be their last ) those that know me seek me .
48 I have said that the soul is not more than the body , And I have said that the body is not more than the soul , And nothing , not God , is greater to one than one ' s self is , And whoever walks a furlong without sympathy walks to his own funeral drest in his shroud , And I or you pocketless of a dime may purchase the pick of the earth , And to glance with an eye or show a bean in its pod confounds the learning of all times , And there is no trade or employment but the young man following it may become a hero , And there is no object so soft but it makes a hub for the wheel ' d universe , And I say to any man or woman , Let your soul stand cool and composed before a million universes .
Examine these limbs , red , black , or white , they are cunning in tendon and nerve , They shall be stript that you may see them .
Spontaneous me , Nature , The loving day , the mounting sun , the friend I am happy with , The arm of my friend hanging idly over my shoulder , The hillside whiten ' d with blossoms of the mountain ash , The same late in autumn , the hues of red , yellow , drab , purple , and light and dark green , The rich coverlet of the grass , animals and birds , the private untrimm ' d bank , the primitive apples , the pebble - stones , Beautiful dripping fragments , the negligent list of one after another as I happen to call them to me or think of them , The real poems , ( what we call poems being merely pictures ,) The poems of the privacy of the night , and of men like me , This poem drooping shy and unseen that I always carry , and that all men carry , ( Know once for all , avow ' d on purpose , wherever are men like me , are our lusty lurking masculine poems ,) Love - thoughts , love - juice , love - odor , love - yielding , love - climbers , and the climbing sap , Arms and hands of love , lips of love , phallic thumb of love , breasts of love , bellies press ' d and glued together with love , Earth of chaste love , life that is only life after love , The body of my love , the body of the woman I love , the body of the man , the body of the earth , Soft forenoon airs that blow from the south - west , The hairy wild - bee that murmurs and hankers up and down , that gripes the full - grown lady - flower , curves upon her with amorous firm legs , takes his will of her , and holds himself tremulous and tight till he is satisfied ; The wet of woods through the early hours , Two sleepers at night lying close together as they sleep , one with an arm slanting down across and below the waist of the other , The smell of apples , aromas from crush ' d sage - plant , mint , birch - bark , The boy ' s longings , the glow and pressure as he confides to me what he was dreaming , The dead leaf whirling its spiral whirl and falling still and content to the ground , The no - form ' d stings that sights , people , objects , sting me with , The hubb ' d sting of myself , stinging me as much as it ever can any one , The sensitive , orbic , underlapp ' d brothers , that only privileged feelers may be intimate where they are , The curious roamer the hand roaming all over the body , the bashful withdrawing of flesh where the fingers soothingly pause and edge themselves , The limpid liquid within the young man , The vex ' d corrosion so pensive and so painful , The torment , the irritable tide that will not be at rest , The like of the same I feel , the like of the same in others , The young man that flushes and flushes , and the young woman that flushes and flushes , The young man that wakes deep at night , the hot hand seeking to repress what would master him , The mystic amorous night , the strange half - welcome pangs , visions , sweats , The pulse pounding through palms and trembling encircling fingers , the young man all color ' d , red , ashamed , angry ; The souse upon me of my lover the sea , as I lie willing and naked , The merriment of the twin babes that crawl over the grass in the sun , the mother never turning her vigilant eyes from them , The walnut - trunk , the walnut - husks , and the ripening or ripen ' d long - round walnuts , The continence of vegetables , birds , animals , The consequent meanness of me should I skulk or find myself indecent , while birds and animals never once skulk or find themselves indecent , The great chastity of paternity , to match the great chastity of maternity , The oath of procreation I have sworn , my Adamic and fresh daughters , The greed that eats me day and night with hungry gnaw , till I saturate what shall produce boys to fill my place when I am through , The wholesome relief , repose , content , And this bunch pluck ' d at random from myself , It has done its work -- I toss it carelessly to fall where it may .
O I think it is not for life I am chanting here my chant of lovers , I think it must be for death , For how calm , how solemn it grows to ascend to the atmosphere of lovers , Death or life I am then indifferent , my soul declines to prefer , ( I am not sure but the high soul of lovers welcomes death most ,) Indeed O death , I think now these leaves mean precisely the same as you mean , Grow up taller sweet leaves that I may see !
Come I am determin ' d to unbare this broad breast of mine , I have long enough stifled and choked ; Emblematic and capricious blades I leave you , now you serve me not , I will say what I have to say by itself , I will sound myself and comrades only , I will never again utter a call only their call , I will raise with it immortal reverberations through the States , I will give an example to lovers to take permanent shape and will through the States , Through me shall the words be said to make death exhilarating , Give me your tone therefore O death , that I may accord with it , Give me yourself , for I see that you belong to me now above all , and are folded inseparably together , you love and death are , Nor will I allow you to balk me any more with what I was calling life , For now it is convey ' d to me that you are the purports essential , That you hide in these shifting forms of life , for reasons , and that they are mainly for you , That you beyond them come forth to remain , the real reality , That behind the mask of materials you patiently wait , no matter how long , That you will one day perhaps take control of all , That you will perhaps dissipate this entire show of appearance , That may - be you are what it is all for , but it does not last so very long , But you will last very long .
Or if you will , thrusting me beneath your clothing , Where I may feel the throbs of your heart or rest upon your hip , Carry me when you go forth over land or sea ; For thus merely touching you is enough , is best , And thus touching you would I silently sleep and be carried eternally .
For it is not for what I have put into it that I have written this book , Nor is it by reading it you will acquire it , Nor do those know me best who admire me and vauntingly praise me , Nor will the candidates for my love ( unless at most a very few ) prove victorious , Nor will my poems do good only , they will do just as much evil , perhaps more , For all is useless without that which you may guess at many times and not hit , that which I hinted at ; Therefore release me and depart on your way .
Of the terrible doubt of appearances , Of the uncertainty after all , that we may be deluded , That may - be reliance and hope are but speculations after all , That may - be identity beyond the grave is a beautiful fable only , May - be the things I perceive , the animals , plants , men , hills , shining and flowing waters , The skies of day and night , colors , densities , forms , may - be these are ( as doubtless they are ) only apparitions , and the real something has yet to be known , ( How often they dart out of themselves as if to confound me and mock me !
How often I think neither I know , nor any man knows , aught of them ,) May - be seeming to me what they are ( as doubtless they indeed but seem ) as from my present point of view , and might prove ( as of course they would ) nought of what they appear , or nought anyhow , from entirely changed points of view ; To me these and the like of these are curiously answer ' d by my lovers , my dear friends , When he whom I love travels with me or sits a long while holding me by the hand , When the subtle air , the impalpable , the sense that words and reason hold not , surround us and pervade us , Then I am charged with untold and untellable wisdom , I am silent , I require nothing further , I cannot answer the question of appearances or that of identity beyond the grave , But I walk or sit indifferent , I am satisfied , He ahold of my hand has completely satisfied me .
Have you no thought O dreamer that it may be all maya , illusion ?
Not heat flames up and consumes , Not sea - waves hurry in and out , Not the air delicious and dry , the air of ripe summer , bears lightly along white down - balls of myriads of seeds , Waited , sailing gracefully , to drop where they may ; Not these , O none of these more than the flames of me , consuming , burning for his love whom I love , O none more than I hurrying in and out ; Does the tide hurry , seeking something , and never give up ?
A glimpse through an interstice caught , Of a crowd of workmen and drivers in a bar - room around the stove late of a winter night , and I unremark ' d seated in a corner , Of a youth who loves me and whom I love , silently approaching and seating himself near , that he may hold me by the hand , A long while amid the noises of coming and going , of drinking and oath and smutty jest , There we two , content , happy in being together , speaking little , perhaps not a word .
O you whom I often and silently come where you are that I may be with you , As I walk by your side or sit near , or remain in the same room with you , Little you know the subtle electric fire that for your sake is playing within me .
Now I re - examine philosophies and religions , They may prove well in lecture - rooms , yet not prove at all under the spacious clouds and along the landscape and flowing currents .
He traveling with me needs the best blood , thews , endurance , None may come to the trial till he or she bring courage and health , Come not here if you have already spent the best of yourself , Only those may come who come in sweet and determin ' d bodies , No diseas ' d person , no rum - drinker or venereal taint is permitted here .
to that which is endless as it was beginningless , To undergo much , tramps of days , rests of nights , To merge all in the travel they tend to , and the days and nights they tend to , Again to merge them in the start of superior journeys , To see nothing anywhere but what you may reach it and pass it , To conceive no time , however distant , but what you may reach it and pass it , To look up or down no road but it stretches and waits for you , however long but it stretches and waits for you , To see no being , not God ' s or any , but you also go thither , To see no possession but you may possess it , enjoying all without labor or purchase , abstracting the feast yet not abstracting one particle of it , To take the best of the farmer ' s farm and the rich man ' s elegant villa , and the chaste blessings of the well - married couple , and the fruits of orchards and flowers of gardens , To take to your use out of the compact cities as you pass through , To carry buildings and streets with you afterward wherever you go , To gather the minds of men out of their brains as you encounter them , to gather the love out of their hearts , To take your lovers on the road with you , for all that you leave them behind you , To know the universe itself as a road , as many roads , as roads for traveling souls .
Consider , you who peruse me , whether I may not in unknown ways be looking upon you ; Be firm , rail over the river , to support those who lean idly , yet haste with the hasting current ; Fly on , sea - birds !
Whichever the sex , whatever the season or place , he may go freshly and gently and safely by day or by night , He has the pass - key of hearts , to him the response of the prying of hands on the knobs .
The singers of successive hours of centuries may have ostensible names , but the name of each of them is one of the singers , The name of each is , eye - singer , ear - singer , head - singer , sweet - singer , night - singer , parlor - singer , love - singer , weird - singer , or something else .
Delicate beauty , a word to thee , ( it may be salutary ,) Remember thou hast not always been as here to - day so comfortably ensovereign ' d , In other scenes than these have I observ ' d thee flag , Not quite so trim and whole and freshly blooming in folds of stainless silk , But I have seen thee bunting , to tatters torn upon thy splinter ' d staff , Or clutch ' d to some young color - bearer ' s breast with desperate hands , Savagely struggled for , for life or death , fought over long , ' Mid cannons ' thunder - crash and many a curse and groan and yell , and rifle - volleys cracking sharp , And moving masses as wild demons surging , and lives as nothing risk ' d , For thy mere remnant grimed with dirt and smoke and sopp ' d in blood , For sake of that , my beauty , and that thou might ' st dally as now secure up there , Many a good man have I seen go under .
You occult deep volitions , You average spiritual manhood , purpose of all , pois ' d on yourself , giving not taking law , You womanhood divine , mistress and source of all , whence life and love and aught that comes from life and love , You unseen moral essence of all the vast materials of America , age upon age working in death the same as life ,) You that , sometimes known , oftener unknown , really shape and mould the New World , adjusting it to Time and Space , You hidden national will lying in your abysms , conceal ' d but ever alert , You past and present purposes tenaciously pursued , may - be unconscious of yourselves , Unswerv ' d by all the passing errors , perturbations of the surface ; You vital , universal , deathless germs , beneath all creeds , arts , statutes , literatures , Here build your homes for good , establish here , these areas entire , lands of the Western shore , We pledge , we dedicate to you .
For man of you , your characteristic race , Here may he hardy , sweet , gigantic grow , here tower proportionate to Nature , Here climb the vast pure spaces unconfined , uncheck ' d by wall or roof , Here laugh with storm or sun , here joy , here patiently inure , Here heed himself , unfold himself , ( not others ' formulas heed ,) here fill his time , To duly fall , to aid , unreck ' d at last , To disappear , to serve .
You may read in many languages , yet read nothing about it , You may read the President ' s message and read nothing about it there , Nothing in the reports from the State department or Treasury department , or in the daily papers or weekly papers , Or in the census or revenue returns , prices current , or any accounts of stock .
3 The sun and stars that float in the open air , The apple - shaped earth and we upon it , surely the drift of them is something grand , I do not know what it is except that it is grand , and that it is happiness , And that the enclosing purport of us here is not a speculation or bon - mot or reconnoissance , And that it is not something which by luck may turn out well for us , and without luck must be a failure for us , And not something which may yet be retracted in a certain contingency .
We consider bibles and religions divine -- I do not say they are not divine , I say they have all grown out of you , and may grow out of you still , It is not they who give the life , it is you who give the life , Leaves are not more shed from the trees , or trees from the earth , than they are shed out of you .
Work on , age after age , nothing is to be lost , It may have to wait long , but it will certainly come in use , When the materials are all prepared and ready , the architects shall appear .
Youth , large , lusty , loving -- youth full of grace , force , fascination , Do you know that Old Age may come after you with equal grace , force , fascination ?
( Shrouded bards of other lands , you may rest , you have done your work ,) Soon I hear you coming warbling , soon you rise and tramp amid us , Pioneers !
Not to chisel ornaments , But to chisel with free stroke the heads and limbs of plenteous supreme Gods , that the States may realize them walking and talking .
Till of a sudden , May - be kill ' d , unknown to her mate , One forenoon the she - bird crouch ' d not on the nest , Nor return ' d that afternoon , nor the next , Nor ever appear ' d again .
A vast similitude interlocks all , All spheres , grown , ungrown , small , large , suns , moons , planets , All distances of place however wide , All distances of time , all inanimate forms , All souls , all living bodies though they be ever so different , or in different worlds , All gaseous , watery , vegetable , mineral processes , the fishes , the brutes , All nations , colors , barbarisms , civilizations , languages , All identities that have existed or may exist on this globe , or any globe , All lives and deaths , all of the past , present , future , This vast similitude spans them , and always has spann ' d , And shall forever span them and compactly hold and enclose them .
Yet behind all lowering stealing , lo , a shape , Vague as the night , draped interminably , head , front and form , in scarlet folds , Whose face and eyes none may see , Out of its robes only this , the red robes lifted by the arm , One finger crook ' d pointed high over the top , like the head of a snake appears .
Forms , qualities , lives , humanity , language , thoughts , The ones known , and the ones unknown , the ones on the stars , The stars themselves , some shaped , others unshaped , Wonders as of those countries , the soil , trees , cities , inhabitants , whatever they may be , Splendid suns , the moons and rings , the countless combinations and effects , Such - like , and as good as such - like , visible here or anywhere , stand provided for a handful of space , which I extend my arm and half enclose with my hand , That containing the start of each and all , the virtue , the germs of all .
That you are here -- that life exists and identity , That the powerful play goes on , and you may contribute a verse .
No longer let our children deem us riches and peace alone , We may be terror and carnage , and are so now , Not now are we any one of these spacious and haughty States , ( nor any five , nor ten ,) Nor market nor depot we , nor money - bank in the city , But these and all , and the brown and spreading land , and the mines below , are ours , And the shores of the sea are ours , and the rivers great and small , And the fields they moisten , and the crops and the fruits are ours , Bays and channels and ships sailing in and out are ours -- while we over all , Over the area spread below , the three or four millions of square miles , the capitals , The forty millions of people ,-- O bard !
Not houses of peace indeed are you , nor any nor all their prosperity , ( if need be , you shall again have every one of those houses to destroy them , You thought not to destroy those valuable houses , standing fast , full of comfort , built with money , May they stand fast , then ?
Alas poor boy , he will never be better , ( nor may - be needs to be better , that brave and simple soul ,) While they stand at home at the door he is dead already , The only son is dead .
} Hush ' d Be the Camps To - Day [ May 4 , 1865 ]
Who would assume to teach here may well prepare himself body and mind , He may well survey , ponder , arm , fortify , harden , make lithe himself , He shall surely be question ' d beforehand by me with many and stern questions .
Warble me now for joy of lilac - time , ( returning in reminiscence ,) Sort me O tongue and lips for Nature ' s sake , souvenirs of earliest summer , Gather the welcome signs , ( as children with pebbles or stringing shells ,) Put in April and May , the hylas croaking in the ponds , the elastic air , Bees , butterflies , the sparrow with its simple notes , Blue - bird and darting swallow , nor forget the high - hole flashing his golden wings , The tranquil sunny haze , the clinging smoke , the vapor , Shimmer of waters with fish in them , the cerulean above , All that is jocund and sparkling , the brooks running , The maple woods , the crisp February days and the sugar - making , The robin where he hops , bright - eyed , brown - breasted , With musical clear call at sunrise , and again at sunset , Or flitting among the trees of the apple - orchard , building the nest of his mate , The melted snow of March , the willow sending forth its yellow - green sprouts , For spring - time is here !
1 What may we chant , O thou within this tomb ?
My spirit to yours dear brother , Do not mind because many sounding your name do not understand you , I do not sound your name , but I understand you , I specify you with joy O my comrade to salute you , and to salute those who are with you , before and since , and those to come also , That we all labor together transmitting the same charge and succession , We few equals indifferent of lands , indifferent of times , We , enclosers of all continents , all castes , allowers of all theologies , Compassionaters , perceivers , rapport of men , We walk silent among disputes and assertions , but reject not the disputers nor any thing that is asserted , We hear the bawling and din , we are reach ' d at by divisions , jealousies , recriminations on every side , They close peremptorily upon us to surround us , my comrade , Yet we walk unheld , free , the whole earth over , journeying up and down till we make our ineffaceable mark upon time and the diverse eras , Till we saturate time and eras , that the men and women of races , ages to come , may prove brethren and lovers as we are .
} Others May Praise What They Like
Others may praise what they like ; But I , from the banks of the running Missouri , praise nothing in art or aught else , Till it has well inhaled the atmosphere of this river , also the western prairie - scent , And exudes it all again .
There ponder ' d , felt I , If worms , snakes , loathsome grubs , may to sweet spiritual songs be turn ' d , If vermin so transposed , so used and bless ' d may be , Then may I trust in you , your fortunes , days , my country ; Who knows but these may be the lessons fit for you ?
From these your future song may rise with joyous trills , Destin ' d to fill the world .
Haply I may not live another day ; I cannot rest O God , I cannot eat or drink or sleep , Till I put forth myself , my prayer , once more to Thee , Breathe , bathe myself once more in Thee , commune with Thee , Report myself once more to Thee .
The end I know not , it is all in Thee , Or small or great I know not -- haply what broad fields , what lands , Haply the brutish measureless human undergrowth I know , Transplanted there may rise to stature , knowledge worthy Thee , Haply the swords I know may there indeed be turn ' d to reaping - tools , Haply the lifeless cross I know , Europe ' s dead cross , may bud and blossom there .
The great masters and kosmos are well as they go , the heroes and good - doers are well , The known leaders and inventors and the rich owners and pious and distinguish ' d may be well , But there is more account than that , there is strict account of all .
I ' d sow a seed for thee of endless Nationality , I ' d fashion thy ensemble including body and soul , I ' d show away ahead thy real Union , and how it may be accomplish ' d .
3 Brain of the New World , what a task is thine , To formulate the Modern -- out of the peerless grandeur of the modern , Out of thyself , comprising science , to recast poems , churches , art , ( Recast , may - be discard them , end them -- maybe their work is done , who knows ?)
be capable of peace , its trials , For the tug and mortal strain of nations come at last in prosperous peace , not war ;) In many a smiling mask death shall approach beguiling thee , thou in disease shalt swelter , The livid cancer spread its hideous claws , clinging upon thy breasts , seeking to strike thee deep within , Consumption of the worst , moral consumption , shall rouge thy face with hectic , But thou shalt face thy fortunes , thy diseases , and surmount them all , Whatever they are to - day and whatever through time they may be , They each and all shall lift and pass away and cease from thee , While thou , Time ' s spirals rounding , out of thyself , thyself still extricating , fusing , Equable , natural , mystical Union thou , ( the mortal with immortal blent ,) Shalt soar toward the fulfilment of the future , the spirit of the body and the mind , The soul , its destinies .
2 Come nearer bodiless one , haply in thee resounds Some dead composer , haply thy pensive life Was fill ' d with aspirations high , unform ' d ideals , Waves , oceans musical , chaotically surging , That now ecstatic ghost , close to me bending , thy cornet echoing , pealing , Gives out to no one ' s ears but mine , but freely gives to mine , That I may thee translate .
( This is curious and may not be realized immediately , but it must be realized , I feel in myself that I represent falsehoods equally with the rest , And that the universe does .)
Remember my words , I may again return , I love you , I depart from materials , I am as one disembodied , triumphant , dead .
As I sit writing here , sick and grown old , Not my least burden is that dulness of the years , querilities , Ungracious glooms , aches , lethargy , constipation , whimpering ennui , May filter in my dally songs .
} Out of May ' s Shows Selected
You lingering sparse leaves of me on winter - nearing boughs , And I some well - shorn tree of field or orchard - row ; You tokens diminute and lorn --( not now the flush of May , or July clover - bloom -- no grain of August now ;) You pallid banner - staves -- you pennants valueless -- you overstay ' d of time , Yet my soul - dearest leaves confirming all the rest , The faithfulest -- hardiest -- last .
After a long , long course , hundreds of years , denials , Accumulations , rous ' d love and joy and thought , Hopes , wishes , aspirations , ponderings , victories , myriads of readers , Coating , compassing , covering -- after ages ' and ages ' encrustations , Then only may these songs reach fruition .
" Finally my children , to envelop each word , each part of the rest , Allah is all , all , all -- immanent in every life and object , May - be at many and many - a - more removes -- yet Allah , Allah , Allah is there .
I ' m going away , I know not where , Or to what fortune , or whether I may ever see you again , So Good - bye my Fancy .
Yet let me not be too hasty , Long indeed have we lived , slept , filter ' d , become really blended into one ; Then if we die we die together , ( yes , we ' ll remain one ,) If we go anywhere we ' ll go together to meet what happens , May - be we ' ll be better off and blither , and learn something , May - be it is yourself now really ushering me to the true songs , ( who knows ?)
May - be it is you the mortal knob really undoing , turning -- so now finally , Good - bye -- and hail !
It urged that the next Legislature `` provide enabling funds and re-set the effective date so that an orderly implementation of the law may be effected '' .
Dallas may get to hear a debate on horse race parimutuels soon between Reps. V. E. ( Red ) Berry and Joe Ratcliff .
`` The statements may be highly prejudicial to my client '' , Bellows told the court .
`` Actually , the abuse of the process may have constituted a contempt of the Criminal court of Cook county , altho vindication of the authority of that court is not the function of this court '' , said Karns , who is a City judge in East St. Louis sitting in Cook County court .
But he hastened to add that , if United States policies were not always clear , despite Mr. Rusk's analysis of the various global danger points and setbacks for the West , this may merely mean the new administration has not yet firmly fixed its policy .
A certain vagueness may also be caused by tactical appreciation of the fact that the present council meeting is a semipublic affair , with no fewer than six Soviet correspondents accredited .
The statutes , similar in both the Bay State and Rhode Island and dating back in some instances to colonial times , severely limit the types of merchandise that may be sold on the Sabbath .
Action on a new ordinance permitting motorists who plead guilty to minor traffic offenses to pay fines at the local police station may be taken at Monday's special North Providence Town Council meeting .
Council president Frank SanAntonio said yesterday he may ask the council to formally request Town Solicitor Michael A. Abatuno to draft the ordinance .
Sen. Charles W. Sandman , R-Cape May , said today Jones will run well ahead of his GOP opponents for the gubernatorial nomination .
There may be other 1961 state committee retirements come April 18 , but they will be leaving by choice of the Republican voters .
The issue which may make it necessary to have a session is the highly sensitive problem of cutting the state's congressional districts from six to five to eliminate one congressional seat .
The effectiveness of the governor in clearing up some of the inconsistencies revolving about the sales tax bill may play a part in determining whether it can muster the required two-thirds vote .
Davis may use the tax bill as a means to effect a transition from special sessions of the Legislature to normalcy .
It is difficult to be certain how the administration views that $28 million , since the views of one leader may not be the same as the views of another one .
Martin said the government has been working to establish firmer prices on primary products which may involve the total income of one country .
In denying motions for dismissal , Judge Powell stated that mass trials have been upheld as proper in other courts and that `` a person may join a conspiracy without knowing who all of the conspirators are '' .
Dallas , Tex. , May 1 -- ( AP )
St. Paul-Minneapolis , May 1 -- ( AP )
Ogden , Utah , May 1 -- ( AP )
And so it was over the weekend what with 40-year-old Warren Spahn pitching his no-hit masterpiece against the Giants and the Giants' Willie Mays retaliating with a record-tying 4-homer spree Sunday .
The spectacular Mays , who reaches a decade in the big leagues come May 25 , joined six other sluggers who walloped four home runs in a span of nine innings .
Willie's big day revived the running argument about the relative merits of Mays and Mickey Mantle .
In four of his nine previous seasons Mays hit as many as 25 home runs and stole as many as 25 bases .
The Denver-area TV audience was privileged to see Mays' four home runs , thanks to a new arrangement made by Bob Howsam that the games are not to be blacked out when his Bears are playing at home .
With a lefthander going for Pittsburgh , I may use Don Taussig in center '' .
The Pirates jumped off to an 11-3 start by May 1 last year , when the Redbirds as well as the Dodgers held them even over the season .
On last May 1 , the Cardinals stood at 7-6 , ending a two-season fall-off on that milestone .
In 1958 , the Birds were 3-10 on May 1 .
Since 1949 , the St. Louis club has been below on May 1 just four times .
The '49 team was off to a so-so 5-5 beginning , then fell as low as 12-17 on May 23 before finishing with 96 victories .
The '52 Cards were 6-7 on May 1 but ended with 88 triumphs , the club's top since 1949 .
Then last season the Birds tumbled as low as 11-18 on May 19 before recovering to make a race of it and total 86 victories .
Those Dodgers won their first 10 games and owned a 21-2 mark and a nine-game lead by May 8 .
The two top talents of the time , Mickey Mantle and Willie Mays , have hit the ball harder and more successfully so far this early season than at any period in careers which , to be frank about it , never have quite reached expectations .
Mays and Mantle , both 10-year men at 30 , have so much ability that , baseball men agree , they've never hit the heights .
Like the Yankees' slugger , Mays , the terror of the Giants , has had seasons that would be considered the ultimate by most players , but not by -- or for -- Willie .
Now , apparently happier under new managers , Mays and Mantle , the perfect players , are behaving as though they're going to pass those previous peaks .
Mays' day came a day earlier for Willie than for the kids and Commies this year .
Next to Leo Durocher , Dark taught Mays the most when he was a grass-green rookie rushed up to the Polo Grounds 10 years ago this month , to help the Giants win a dramatic pennant .
The New York Metropolitan Opera Company will be here in May , and the board will sponsor the Saturday night , May 13 , performance of `` Turandot '' as a benefit .
The Richard S. Burkes' home in Wayne may be the setting for the wedding reception for their daughter , Helen Lambert , and the young Italian she met last year while studying in Florence during her junior year at Smith college .
Brig. Gen. and Mrs. Robert F. McDermott will entertain at a black tie dinner Wednesday , May 3 , in the Officers' Club at the Air Force Academy .
Mr. and Mrs. Piero De Luise will honor Italian Consul and Mrs. Emilio Bassi at a cocktail party Tuesday , May 2 , from 6 to 8 p.m. in their home .
The first committee meeting will be held on May 19 .
Her day starts early , but no matter how many pressing letters there are to be written ( and during May , which is National Salvation Army Week , there are plenty ) , schedules to be made or problems to be solved , Mrs. Marr's office is always open and the welcome mat is out .
`` A Night in New Orleans '' is the gayety planned by members of the Thrift Shop Committee for May 6 at Philmont Country Club .
For the convenience of guests bundle centers have been established throughout the city and suburbs where the donations may be deposited between now and the date of the big event .
Besides the bundle centers where contributions may be made there will be facilities at Philmont Country Club for those who would like to bring the bundles on the night of the party .
Fourteen years is the maximum penalty now faced by the new five , who may have altered history in the 1960s .
A 14-power conference on Laos should then meet on May 5 , he said .
The latest death reported was that of 4-year-old Claude Douglas Maynor of Calvary .
-- For a second month in a row , Multnomah County may be short of general assistance money in its budget to handle an unusually high summer month's need , the state public welfare commission was told Friday .
The fight over the Warwick School Committee's appointment of a coordinator of audio-visual education may go to the state Supreme Court , it appeared last night .
Persons who find it convenient may send their contributions to the Journal-Bulletin's Cranston office at 823 Park Avenue .
Federal prosecutors estimated that the amount may total $20,000 , altho a spokesman for the association estimated its loss at approximately $10,000 .
Now , if Morton's newest product , a corn chip known as Chip-o's , turns out to sell as well as its stock did , the stock may turn out to be worth every cent of the prices that the avid buyers bid it up to .
He cautioned that `` the greater danger in this recovery may be excessive stimulation by government which could bring moderate inflation '' .
Price support loans may total another $1 billion this year .
Net income may reach $12.7 billion , up $1 billion from 1960 and the highest since 1953 .
The Service announced that taxpayers making such claims may be called on to furnish a statement from the recipient organization showing the date , purpose , amount and other particulars of the contribution .
Hiring the wife for one's company may win her tax-aided retirement income .
A spouse employed by a corporation her husband controls , for example , may be entitled to distributions under the company's pension plan as well as to her own Social Security coverage .
This is a bouncy show which may get a little too frantic at times , but is nevertheless worth your appraisal .
Hubie's restaurant activities up in Lorain , Ohio , may preclude his return here until after Oct. 20 , date set for reopening the Heilman Restaurant on Sunman Restaurant on Sunrise .
Anyone interested in attending the meeting may have reservations with Mrs. John Whelan at the Hollywood Public Library .
Response to the program has been so encouraging , Kern said , that a city-wide youth school at Dade County Auditorium may be set up soon .
The week will end with the Rev. Mr. Henderson preaching on `` The Marriage Altar '' at 7:30 p.m. Sunday , May 14 .
Sustaining members may sign up at $25 for the ten-concert season ; ;
annual members may attend for $16 .
Participating members may attend five of the concerts for $9 ( not all ten concerts as was erroneously announced earlier in The Chronicle ) .
Mail orders for the season and orders for single tickets at $2 , may be addressed to the society , 1044 Chestnut Street , San Francisco 9 .
In the U. S. , strong pressures have been building up for a resumption of tests on grounds that the Russians may be secretly testing .
U. S. willingness to accept a neutral Laos may have led Premier Khrushchev to believe that other areas could be `` neutralized '' on Soviet terms .
It was in the midst of such White House deliberations that Premier Khrushchev on May 4 made new inquiries through the U. S. Embassy in Moscow about a meeting with the President in the near future .
Mr. Kennedy told Moscow he would give his answer by May 20 after consultation with the Allies .
The Vienna meeting will bring together a seasoned , 67-year-old veteran of the cold war who , in Mr. Kennedy's own words , is `` shrewd , tough , vigorous , well-informed and confident '' , and a 44-year-old President ( his birthday is May 29 ) with a demonstrated capacity for political battle but little experience in international diplomacy .
Thus he will be in a position to disabuse the Soviet leader of any notions he may have about grave Allied disunity .
Though this may or may not be good biology , it does aptly illustrate the strength and the weakness of American Catholic higher education .
Viewing the American Catholic educational achievement in retrospect , we may indeed see it as a unified whole extending from grade school to university .
All of this may be understandable enough : it is , however , in fact difficult to see how diocesan authorities could have acted otherwise .
For while the past needs of the Church in this country may have been adequately met by collegiate institutions , which in temper and tone closely resembled junior colleges and finishing schools , it would seem that today's need is for the college which more closely resembles the university in its `` pursuit of excellence '' .
Yet though it may seem difficult to envision any definitive resolution of the problem of ownership and control , there are nevertheless certain suggestions which seem to be in order .
If laborers are merely commodities competing against each other in a market place like so many bags of wheat and corn ( unsupported , by the way , by any agricultural subsidy ) , then they may be pardoned for reacting with complete antagonism to a system that imposes such status upon them .
( 2 ) Willie Mays of the San Francisco Giants borrowed a teammate's bat and became the ninth big leaguer to stroke four home runs in a game ; ;
With this ultimate weapon , the two Yankees may have saved baseball from its dullest season .
As the world's top sportsman -- pro or amateur -- Sports Illustrated tapped golf's confident Arnold Palmer ( Time cover , May 2 ) , who staged two cliffhanging rallies to win both the Masters and U.S. Open crowns , went on to win a record $80,738 for the year .
`` Surprised and pleased '' , Students Holmes and Hunter may enter the University of Georgia this week .
A philosopher may point out that the troubles of the Congo began with the old Adam and consequently will never end .
Yet there were other motivations and actions which the Belgians took after independence for which history may not find them guiltless .
Vague in wording , it called for withdrawal of Belgian troops and authorized the Secretary-General `` to take the necessary steps to provide the ( Congolese ) Government with such military assistance as may be necessary , until , through the efforts of the Congolese Government with the technical assistance of the United Nations , the national security forces may be able , in the opinion of the Government , to meet fully their tasks .
There was no directive for it -- the Security Council's resolution had not mentioned political matters , and in any case the United Nations by the terms of its charter may not interfere in the political affairs of any nation , whether to unify it , federalize it or Balkanize it .
Commerce Secretary Luther Hodges , accompanied by a member of our staff , on May 10 toured plants of two of Italy's biggest companies -- Fiat , the auto producer , and Olivetti , maker of typewriters and calculating machines .
The Kennedy hope is that , at the conference or through bilateral talks , the low-wage textile-producing countries in Asia and Europe will see that `` dumping '' practices cause friction all around and may result in import quotas .
This may point the way toward international stabilization agreements in other products .
Special depreciation on new textile machinery may be allowed .
A large , well-stocked library , surrounded in a county by smaller ones , may feel that the demands on its resources are likely to be too great .
A small library may cherish its independence and established ways , and resist joining in a cooperative movement that sometimes seems radical to older members of the board .
The collection may be in an existing library , or it may be built up in a central collection .
The most recent film catalogue , available at each library , lists 110 titles presently in the collection , any of which may be borrowed without charge .
Sample copies of new books are on display at headquarters , where librarians may evaluate them by themselves or in workshop groups .
This session , for instance , may have insured a financial crisis two years from now .
Though Walter Ulbricht , by grace of Soviet tanks , may be head man in East Germany , that does not give him any right to usurp the government of East Berlin or to absorb that semi-city into the Soviet zone .
The glass may seem trivial but Communist official hooliganism feeds on such incidents unless they are redressed .
In the central contest , that for Mayor , they may have found some pertinent points in what each faction has said about the other .
If this choice is less exciting than New York Democrats may wish , it nevertheless must be made .
But this year prospects may be better .
Within the Organization of American States , there may be some criticism of this unilateral American intervention which was not without risk obviously .
those watching the growing rivalry between craft unions and industrial unions may recognize all the pressures that led to the big labor split in 1935 .
the Army , Navy and Air Force , among others , may question Secretary Freeman's claim that the high estate of United States agriculture is the `` strongest deterrent '' to the spread of communism .
Perhaps , as Mr. Freeman says , American agriculture may stop the Communists , but it is also swindling the American taxpayer .
The odds thus appear favorable that the secretary's neck may be spared .
Prince Sihanouk's powers of prognostication some day may be confirmed but history is not likely to praise the courage of his convictions .
Against the dramatic fight being waged for preservation of 30 miles of Cape Cod shoreline , the tiny tract at Stone Harbor may seem unimportant .
much of the glamor President Kennedy's Peace Corps may have held for some prospective applicants has been removed by Sargent Shriver , the head corpsman .
South Viet Nam's rice surplus for next year -- more than 300,000 tons -- may have been destroyed .
The Viet Cong , the Communist rebels , may have lost their stored grain and arms factories .
The rebels may try to seize what is left of the October harvest when the floods recede and the monsoon ends in November .
He may want additional technical help , and this should be forthcoming .
South Viet Nam has received $1,450,000,000 in United States aid since 1954 and the rate of assistance has been stepped up since Vice President Lyndon B. Johnson's visit last May .
If the decision goes wrong , it may be -- as Mr. Stevenson fears -- `` the first step on the slippery path downhill '' to a U.N. without operational responsibilities and without effective meaning .
The evident contradiction between the rosy picture of Russia's progress painted by the Communist party's program and the enormous dangers for all humanity posed by Premier Khrushchev's Berlin policy has already led to speculation abroad that the program may be severely altered .
Dr. Conant may underestimate the psychological importance of even token equality .
but he may well be doing his greatest service with his straightforward report on the state of the public schools .
For the young child this may be no more than providing food , light or movement .
As he grows older it may be a matter of providing some accustomed object ( his `` magic '' thing ) .
Or certain words or rituals that child and adult go through may do the trick .
This immature use of crayons may suggest that she is a little immature for the first grade .
Just as a varitinted Oriental rug may suggest the starting point for a room scheme , so may some of the newest versions of embroidery .
Out of this session may come : 1
But once the strike trend hits hoosegows , there is no telling how far it may go .
Both Aristotle and Homer may in spirit be contemplating `` bust '' of the old-fashioned American dollar .
With contemporary English changing with the rapidity that marks this jet age , some of the words and phrases of the new version may themselves soon become archaic .
An electric toothbrush ( Broxodent ) may soon take its place next to the electric razor in the American bathroom .
The pressure may come from muscles , tendons , or bones anywhere from the neck to the hand .
This manifestation may be an early sign of multiple sclerosis or the beginning of sewer's cramp .
Thanks to Spoken Arts Records , history buffs may hear Lincoln's `` most memorable speeches and letters '' in a two-disc set , interpreted by Lincoln authority and lecturer Roy P. Basler .
A GOP `` task force ' committee will seek to find out how its party may win support from the ethnic and minority groups in cities .
One may be sure the present Republican congressional leadership hasn't meant to repeat this error .
And it may be that one or both men actually welcomed the opportunity , when the bravado comments are cast aside .
The guy who makes the motor boats may be a Communist '' .
It is not in business for the purpose of absorbing increased municipal costs no matter how high a purpose that may be '' .
This matter is of great importance , and the outcome may mean the difference between life or death , or at least serious injuries , for many veterans .
The bill which passed the Assembly last May and is now pending in the Senate should be given careful scrutiny .
Recently I traveled the parkway from East Orange to Cape May and I found the most courteous group of men you will find anywhere .
The 15th Street deposit is not to be confused with the nearby famous Mayflower Hotel cypress swamp on 17th Street reported in The Washington Post , August 2 , 1955 , which was probably formed during the second interglacial period and is therefore much younger .
I grant that the dog may not be really protective , based on his training , but if you were roaming the streets looking for a purse to snatch or a young lady to molest , how quick would you be to attack a person strolling with a dog ? ?
Let us , like the French , have outdoor cafes where we may relax , converse at leisure and enjoy the passing crowd .
Two strong dissents from the majority report of the Joint Economic Committee ( May 2 ) by Senators Proxmire and Butler allege that the New Deal fiscal policy of the Thirties did not work .
Having led the world in this mad race I pray that we may have the wisdom and courage to lead it out of the race .
While `` better late than never '' may have certain merits , the posthumous award of the Nobel Prize for Peace to the late Dag Hammarskjold strikes me as less than a satisfactory expression of appreciation .
It may remind one of Russia , China or East Berlin ; ;
The matter may seem a small thing to some people , I know , but it's a very good start on the road to Totalitarianism The Commission has posted signs in Washington Square saying :
If any are left , presently , we may expect to see signs specifically prohibiting the feeding of them too .
Capable as their minds may be in some directions , these guardians of the nation's security are incapable of learning , or even of observing .
Since he has just shown who is top dog , he may not be ready to receive this highest honor in the gift of the Soviet people .
the West may or not remain satisfied with the kind of neutralism that U Thant represents .
This may be opera bouffe now , but it will become more serious should the cold war mount in frenzy .
But by comparison with the railroad , the motor car is a relatively new object of popular worship , so it is too much to hope that it may be brought within the bounds of civilized usage quickly and easily .
Some government scientists say privately that the figure probably is closer to 80 megatons , and that the full 50-megaton bomb that Khrushchev mentioned may still be detonated .
The possibility , as he asserted , that the Russians may get ahead of us or come closer to us because of their tests does not supply the needed ethical premise -- unless , of course , we have unwittingly become so brutalized that nuclear superiority is now taken as a moral demand .
It is perfectly conceivable that a resumption of atmospheric tests may , at some point in the future , be necessary and even justifiable .
Far from being irrelevant to the ecumenical task , the Pontiff believes that a revivified Church is required in order that the whole world may see Catholicism in the best possible light .
The impression was unmistakable that , whatever one may choose to call it , natural law is a functioning generality with a certain objective existence .
The military in Taiwan believe that the Communists have made two mistakes , which , together , may prove fatal .
Tibet may bleed China as Algeria is bleeding France .
This prime element of the truth may be stated as follows : Under prevailing policy , the U.S. can take the initiative against the Right , but cannot take the initiative against the Left .
Their burgeoning popularity may be a result of the closing of the 52nd Street burlesque joints , but curiously enough their atmosphere is almost always familial -- neighborhood saloons with a bit of epidermis .
This state of unawareness may not last much longer .
He may support China ( but he won't ) ; ;
he may break with China ( which would be infernally difficult and perhaps disastrous ) , or he may succeed , by all kinds of dangerous concessions , in persuading China to be patient .
The next days may show where things stand .
Without this power we lay open any American industry which the Europeans may find it economically profitable to destroy to the will of others .
It is this loss of initiative in how we conduct our economy which may lead to the loss of initiative in how we conduct our political affairs .
The appeal is going to be to the pocketbook and may be very convincing to those who do not see its relation to political and legal , as well as economic , self-rule .
He has been in prison since May , 1958 , when his aircraft was shot down over Moluccas .
He may appeal to President Sukarno for clemency '' .
As we see , Pope may appeal to President Sukarno , Khrushchev's friend , for clemency .
To the unfortunate people unable to attend the Godkin lectures it casts an unjustifiable aura of falsehood over the book which may dissuade some people from reading it .
The stained-glass windows may have developed unpremeditated patinas , the paneling may be no more durable than the planks in a political platform .
The vast , dungeon kitchens may seem hardly worth using except on occasions when one is faced with a thousand unexpected guests for lunch .
`` Chicago And All That Jazz '' may have wound up satisfying neither the confirmed fan nor the inquisitive newcomer .
Even Joan Sutherland may not have anticipated the tremendous reception she received from the Metropolitan Opera audience attending her debut as Lucia in Donizetti's `` Lucia Di Lammermoor '' Sunday night .
Nervousness at the start must have caused the blemishes of her first scene , or she may warm up slowly .
He may respect too much the Italian tradition of letting singers hold on to their notes , but to restrain them in a singers' opera may be quite difficult .
Some clue to the character of London's approach in these discs may be gained immediately from the fact that ten of the 12 titles include the word `` percussion '' or `` percussive '' .
`` It only does harm to talk to troops about new and desirable equipment which others may have but which you cannot give them .
A thoroughly ingratiating company it is , and when the final curtain falls you may suddenly realize that you have been sitting with a broad grin on your face all evening .
the mazurka choreographed by Witold Zapala to music from Moniuszko's opera , `` Strasny Dwor' , may be the most beautiful mazurka you are likely ever to see ; ;
This may be unfortunate , perhaps , from the standpoint of David Hedison , Providence's contribution to Hollywood , who is appearing by special arrangement with 20th Century-Fox .
Bob Carroll may not bear quite as close a physical resemblance to LaGuardia as Tom Bosley does , but I was amazed at the way he became more and more Fiorello as the evening progressed , until one had to catch one's self up and remember that this wasn't really LaGuardia come back among us again .
He may have a point in urging that decadent themes be given fewer prizes .
But he rejects , perhaps a little too sweepingly , the theory that disloyal and pro-Communist influences may have contributed to the policy of appeasing Stalin which persisted until after the end of the war and reached its high point at the Yalta Conference in February , 1945 .
Of many passages in the book that exemplify the author's vivid style , the characterizations of the two plebeian dictators whose crimes make those of crowned autocrats pale by comparison may be selected .
This is the tale of one John Enright , an American who has accidentally killed a man in the prize ring and is now trying to forget about it in a quiet place where he may become a quiet man .
You may be sure he marries her in the end and has a fine old knockdown fight with the brother , and that there are plenty of minor scraps along the way to ensure that you understand what the word Donnybrook means .
Then there are a pair of old biddies played by Grace Carney and Sibly Bowan who may be right off the shelf of stock Irish characters , but they put such a combination of good will and malevolence into their parts that they're quite entertaining .
In this he is sticking with tradition , however far removed from it he may seem to be .
Music lovers who are not familiar with this literature may hear an excellent example , played for RCA by Emil Gilels .
It may be , of course , that Mr. Louis is consciously trying to create works that anticipate an age of total automation .
But it may be , also , that he is merely more mindful of athletics than of esthetics at the present time .
There are times when one suspects that the songs that are dropped from musical shows before they reach Broadway may really be better than many of those that are left in .
Today , in the era of the integrated musical when an individual song must contribute to the over-all development of the show , it is understandable that a song , no matter how excellent it may be on its own terms , is cut out because it does not perform the function required of it .
It's the old story , war or no war , and more than one viewer may recall Hollywood's `` Titanic '' , several seasons back , when the paramount concern was for the marital discord of a society dilettante .
It may sound extravagant to say that there has never been a more engaging animal in all literature .
Among the Moliere specialists of some years ago , Louis Jouvet tried to humanize some of the clowns , while Fernand Ledoux , often performing at the Comedie , made them more gross than Moliere may have intended .
Those of us who read the papers may think we know a good deal about that election ; ;
And although the universe may forever defy understanding , it might even now be finding its match in the imagination of man .
The messy meals , the washing of dishes , the drying of clothes may be realism , but there is such a thing as redundancy .
`` Roots Of The Blues '' may not be for gentle souls , but others should welcome its super-charged impact .
This somewhat cynical comment may be found in `` Blue Skies , Brown Studies '' , a collection of travel essays by William Sansom , who would never consider staying home for long .
This may not be true of many writers , but it certainly is true of Mr. Sansom .
New Jersey's color varies from staccato to pastel all the way from the Delaware Water Gap to Cape May .
A sailboat may have a bone in her teeth one minute and lie becalmed the next .
The jacket biography describes him as a former racing driver , and he may indeed have been , although I do not recall having encountered his name either in the records or the literature .
A Clerfayt may moon on about the face of Death in the cockpit ; ;
Clerfayt , transported , may think of the engine driving his car as `` a mystical beast under the hood '' .
Errors in technical terminology suggest that the over-all translation from the German may not convey quite everything Mr. Remarque hoped to tell us .
This leader must be a man who lives above illusions that heretofore have shaped the foreign policy of the United States , namely that Russia will agree to a reunited Germany , that the East German government does not exist , that events in Japan in June 1960 were Communist-inspired , that the true government of China is in Formosa , that Mao was the evil influence behind Khrushchev at the Summit Conference in Paris in May 1960 , and that either China or Russia wants or expects war .
He may find even moderate physical exertion uncomfortable , because excess body fat hampers his breathing and restricts his muscular movement .
In rare cases , diseases such as encephalitis or a pituitary tumor may damage the appestat permanently , destroying nearly all sense of satiety .
It may be fostered by frustration , depression , insecurity -- or , in children , simply by the desire to stop an anxious mother's nagging .
Food may act as a sedative , giving temporary emotional solace , just as , for some people , alcohol does .
He may be interested in another woman , or just like being with the boys .
When the words are used , we are never sure which of the traditional meanings the user may have in mind , or to what extent his revisions and rejections of former understandings correspond to ours .
There have been , indeed , many important and valuable gains from the development of our present scientific view of the world for which we may be rightly grateful .
When we see the steady and methodical inculcation into humanity of the idea of man's worthlessness -- until redeemed -- the necessity of the Devil may become evident as a weapon , a weapon designed and used time and time again in every age to whip men into a surrender to a particular church or church-state '' .
His point is not that mythology may not be used , but that it may no longer be regarded as the only or even the most appropriate conceptuality for expressing the Christian kerygma .
Mythological concepts may by all means still be used , but they can be used responsibly only as `` symbols '' or `` ciphers '' , that is , only if they are also constantly interpreted in nonmythological ( or existential ) terms .
For we must number here not only the names of Bushnell , Clarke , and Rauschenbusch , not to mention those of `` the Chicago School '' and Macintosh , but those of the brothers Niebuhr and ( if America may claim him ! !
Finally , we may also mention the several members of the self-consciously `` neoliberal '' movement that developed at the University of Chicago and is heavily indebted philosophically to the creative work of Alfred North Whitehead .
However much we may have to criticize liberal theology's constructive formulations , the theology we ourselves must strive to formulate can only go beyond liberalism , not behind it .
In order to make the implications of our position as clear as possible , we may develop this argument at greater length .
We may show , first , that there cannot possibly be an alternative other than the three typically represented by Bultmann , Barth , and Buri .
She may not have been exact on this number , but others here feel quite certain that the percentage would be less than ten .
Intercede for our separated brethren , that with us in the one true fold they may be united to the chief Shepherd , the vicar of thy Son .
As represented by a spiral , history may , in some sense , be said to repeat itself ; ;
Whenever New England liberalism is reminded of the dramatic confrontation of Parker and the fraternity on January 23 , 1843 -- while it may defend the privilege of Chandler Robbins to demand that Parker leave the Association , while it may plead that Dr. N. L. Frothingham had every warrant for stating , `` The difference between Trinitarians and Unitarians is a difference in Christianity ; ;
It has been endlessly rephrased , but I may here put it thus : at what point do the tolerant find themselves obliged to become intolerant ? ?
You may know that you are in God's family and be just as sure of it as you are that you belong to the family of your earthly father .
Pleasure , fame and fortune , drowning your troubles with a drink , and `` living it up '' with the gang are like candy bars when you're hungry : they may ease your hunger temporarily , but they'll never take the place of a satisfying , mouth-watering steak .
Well , most of our fears may be unfounded , but after you discover that fact , you have something else to worry about : Why then do we have these fears ? ?
These things may be happening many miles away from us but really they are right next door .
Thus , while it remains possible that the Babylonians and/or the Pythagoreans may perhaps have had the magic square of three before the Chinese did , more definite evidence will have to turn up from the Middle East or the Classical World before China can lose her claim to the earliest known magic square by more than a thousand years .
and the latter is the total sum of all the numbers in the square , by which all the other numbers are overshadowed and in which they may be said to be absorbed .
His immediate motive for doing this may not have been directly inspired by the Lo Shu , but this measure must inevitably have increased the existing beliefs in the latter's efficacy .
All this emphasis on Centrality and on the number 5 as a symbolic expression of the Center , which seems to have begun as far back as 400 B.C. , also may conceivably have led to the development of the Five-Elements School and the subsequent efforts to fit everything into numerical categories of five .
but why did the Old Chinese postulate five elements , when the Ancient Near East -- which may have initiated the idea that natural elements exerted influence in human life and activities -- recognized only four ? ?
Obviously , something suddenly caused them to start thinking in terms of fives , and that may have been the workings of the Lo Shu .
It is important that persons desiring to unite with the Church be prepared for this experience so that it may be meaningful and spiritually significant .
A helpful leaflet may be enclosed in the letter .
If possible , he should make an appointment in order that all persons involved may be present .
There may be problems of conduct or questions of belief which will require his counsel .
A piece of devotional material , such as The Upper Room , may be left in each home .
The lay leadership of the church may be invited to speak on the various phases of church life , service opportunities , the church school , missions , men's work , women's work , youth program , social activities , and finances .
The budget of the church may be presented and pledges solicited at this session .
An `` interest finder '' or `` talent sheet '' may be filled out by each person .
) The fourth session may be concluded with a tour of the church facilities and refreshments .
Some excellent filmstrips with recordings and motion pictures may be secured from your denominational headquarters to enrich the class session .
Arrange a reserved section in the sanctuary where all new members may sit together .
Sponsors may sit with them also .
Very easily they may be neglected and eventually join the ranks of the unconcerned and inactive .
in the present context this amounts to the advice that while being religious may have a certain justification , we ought to dispense with churches .
Such needs may rise to pathological proportions .
While the personality factors that aggravate interfaith conflict may be perennial , nationalism is more variable .
Of course , grave guiltiness may be imputed to the military action of any nation , or to the action of any leader or leaders , which for any supposed good `` permits '' , in this sense , the termination of the human race by human action .
Presumably , if the reverse is the case and the good effect is more certain than the evil result that may be forthcoming , not only must the good and the evil be prudentially weighed and found proportionate , but also calculation of the probabilities and of the degree of certainty or uncertainty in the good or evil effect must be taken into account .
If an evil which is certain and extensive and immediate may rarely be compensated for by a problematic , speculative , future good , by the same token not every present , certain , and immediate good ( or lesser evil ) that may have to be done will be outweighed by a problematic , speculative , and future evil .
He does what he can and may and must , without regarding himself as lord of the future or , on the other hand , as covered with guilt by accident or unforeseen consequences or by results he did not `` permit '' in the sense explained .
and by deriving legitimate decision backward from whatever may conceivably or possibly or probably result , whether by anyone's doing or by accident , it finds itself driven to inaction , to non-political action in politics and non-military action in military affairs , and to the not very surprising discovery that there are now no distinctions on which the defense of justice can possibly be based .
But I can only make this choice because I believe that the risk need not increase , but may be deliberately reduced '' ( by precautions against accidents or by limiting war ? ?
Let us therefore put first things first , and make sure of preserving the human race at whatever the temporary price may be '' .
This is to surrender in advance to whatever attack may yet be mounted , to the very last ; ;
That is why it is so very important that ethical analysis keep clear the problem of decision as to `` permitted '' effects , and not draw back in fright from any conceivable contingency or suffer paralysis of action before possibilities or probabilities unrelated , or not directly morally related , to what we can and may and must do as long as human history endures .
Finally , just as no different issues are posed for thoughtful analysis by the foreshortening of time that may yet pass before the end of human life on this earth , but only stimulation and alarm to the imagination , the same thing must be said in connection with the question of what we may perhaps already be doing , by human action , to accelerate this end .
We should not allow the image of an immanent end brought about indirectly by our own action in the continuing human struggle for a just endurable order of existence to blind us to the fact that in some measure accelerating the end of our lease may be one consequence among others of many other of mankind's thrusts toward we know not what future .
The role of both church and university as sources of information and settings within which the implications of such information may be explored needs consideration .
the attitude adopted by realtors and their associations , either negative or positive , plays a large part in the public acceptance of such measures and the degree to which they may be effectively enforced .
We may feel pessimistic at the outlook .
Since these electrons are moving like planets , you may wonder whether there is an atomic sun at the center of the atom .
You may ask what else there is , and the answer is nothing -- nothing but empty space .
Living in urban conditions , away from the deadweight of village constraint and the constrictions of a thatched-roof world view , the individual may find it possible , say , to commit adultery not only without personal misgivings , but also without suffering any adverse effects in his worldly fortunes .
The Ch'an ( Zen ) sect may have derived its metaphysic from Mahayana , but its psychology was pure early Taoist .
`` Thou mayst have supernatural powers '' , exclaimed Yang Shan , `` yet thou must give back the Spirit of Buddha to me '' .
This picture of extreme self-reliant individuation is difficult to reconcile with such Zendo formulas as : `` O you , demons and other spiritual beings , I now offer this to you , and may this food fill up the ten quarters of the world and all the demons and other spiritual beings be fed therewith .
not as the outcome of works , lest anyone may boast .
I came that they may have life .
Through which he has granted us the very great and precious promises , so that through them you may become partaker of the divine nature .
You may be very religious , a good church member , an upright , honest and sincere person ; ;
you may be baptized , confirmed , reverent and worshipful ; ;
you may attend mass , do penance , say prayers and zealously keep all the sacraments and ceremonies of the church ; ;
you may have the final and extreme unction but if you are not born again you are lost and headed for hell and eternal punishment .
You may do as you please with God now .
The eternal Christ may knock at your soul's door , calling you to give up sin and prepare for heaven .
You may refuse Him , spit on Him , call Him a devil , curse Him .
You may take His name upon your lips in oaths and curses if you so choose .
On the other hand , you may seek His favor , humble yourself before Him and beg His mercy , implore His forgiveness , forsake your sins , and abandon your whole life to Him .
Elaine St. Johns may fly in from the West Coast for the editorial staff meetings .
May He bless you all .
You may lose your life .
As a substitute for this , organic fertilizer dissolved in water to half the strength in the directions , may be used .
Like strawberries in December , pansies are far more exciting in February than in May .
If we stop thinking in terms of tremendous multimegaton nuclear weapons and consider employing much smaller nuclear weapons which may be more appropriate for most important military targets , it would seem that the B-52 or B-70 could carry a great many small nuclear weapons .
The sound may be good ; ;
The Presto Ma non assai of the first trio of the scherzo is taken literally and may shock you , as the real Allegro con Spirito of the finale is likely to bring you to your feet .
Your ear takes you into the ensemble , and you may well become aware of instrumental details which previously were apparent only in the score .
As with the penultimate Giselle release ( Wolff's abridgment for RCA Victor ) I find the cleaner , less razor-edged monophonic version , for all its lack of big-stage spaciousness , the more aurally tolerable -- but this may be the result of processing defects in my SD copies .
`` Your aids are your attitude , which comes through your voice , your hands and legs -- voice to encourage , discourage or whatever the need may be ; ;
And may you all continue to show at Westminster in the years to come '' ! !
You may have your boat of wood , canvas , plywood , plastic , or metal .
You may order utility models , inboard or outboard , with or without toilets , galleys , and bunks .
You may dress it up with any number of accessories or keep it as simple as you choose .
Outboard motors , insurance , and boat repairs may also be financed in the same way as boats .
As the ungoverned days of the automobile and the airplane are long since relegated to the past , so is the carefree attitude toward what a boatman may and may not do ; ;
What may be acceptable in one state may be strictly prohibited across the boundary line .
Currently , marina is used to indicate a municipal or commercially operated facility where a pleasure boat may dock and find some or all of the following available : gasoline , fresh water , electricity , telephone service , ice , repair facilities , restaurants , sleeping accommodations , a general store , and a grocery store .
Yachtel , a relatively new word , indicates a waterfront type of hotel where a yachtsman may dock and find overnight accommodations on the premises as well as other services .
Boatyards which also provide some of the above facilities may rightfully be called marinas .
A turnout may have two levers , one to actually move the switch points , the other to lock the points .
You may change the dimensions to suit a frame for more or fewer levers and locks as you wish .
Either lay the components aside in proper order or code them with numbers and letters so they may be replaced in their proper positions .
Numbers to be multiplied together may be multiplied in any order .
Numbers separated by addition symbols may be placed in any order .
You may therefore convert the gun into a small-game and plinking arm , although the difference in the point of impact ( Jet vs. rim-fire ) can be somewhat disconcerting .
There's another addition to the Stevens line , the pump-action Model 77 in ( under $75 ) , which you may or may not consider a kid's gun ; ;
Exposure problems may occur in these forest areas where uneven lighting results from shafts of sunlight filtering through the overhead branches .
For some unusual photographic subjects , if your vacation takes you nearby , try these events : the 600-mile auto race in Charlotte , N.C. , , on May 27 ; ;
the Florida Folk Festival , White Springs , May 5-7 ; ;
A re-enactment of the Battle of Lexington , May 18th at Lexington , Missouri ; ;
the world-renowned 500-mile auto race at Indianapolis , Indiana , plus a festival from May 27-30 ; ;
Michigan offers the lovely Tulip Festival in Holland , Michigan , May 12-14 ; ;
On May 11,330 , A.D. , , its name was changed again , this time to Constantinople after its emperor , Constantine .
Allow project to stand for about five minutes ( if wooden press mold is a good antique , do not leave clay in too long as the dampness may cause mold to crack ) .
If the background of design is too smooth , or you wish to create a wood-grained effect , it may be added at this time with a dull tool such as the handle of a fine paintbrush .
Paperweight may be personalized on back while clay is leather hard .
Vases may be made into candles by filling with melted wax and a wick .
It may then be pre-drilled for the fastenings .
Other thicknesses may necessitate ripping a special size lumber for the glass trim .
The return spring tension may be adjusted to suit individual requirements by gripping the spring housing with a pair of pliers ( to prevent the spring from unwinding when it is released ) , loosening the lock nut or screw , and rotating the housing until the desired tension is achieved .
This document began : `` No. 1 Newbury Port , may 30th , 1791
Its original appearance is shown in an engraving published in the `` Massachusetts Magazine '' in May 1793 , which is reproduced herewith ( Fig. 1 ) .
Sturdy and strong after more than a century of continuous use , the old covered , wooden bridge that spans the Tygartis Valley River at Philippi will have a distinctive part in the week-long observance of the first land battle of the Civil War at its home site , May 28th to June 3rd .
But what the elements could not do was seriously threatened when Brigadier General William E. ( Grumble ) Jones reached Philippi while on the famous Jones-Imboden raid in May , 1863 .
Centering around this historic old structure , a group of public-spirited Barbour County citizens have organized and planned a week-long series of events , beginning on May 28th and continuing through June 3rd , to observe most appropriately the centennial of the first land engagement of the Civil War at Philippi .
So our innate generosity of spirit prompts us to share our trials , errors and solutions with any who are taking the pool plunge for the first time -- in the pious hope that some may profit from our experience .
Position may not be everything , but in the case of a pool it can certainly contribute difficulties , social and/or physical .
Another dilemma : As picturesque as a sylvan pond in the forest may be , trees offer a leaf and root hazard to the well-being of a pool .
It may be a big hole in the ground filled with salt hay , or an ice floe studded with logs .
No young children may come without adults except for a specific , organized , chaperoned party .
A brief course in hydraulics from the pool builders may well be appreciated in a future crisis .
If you have a 6- to 8-inch drain pipe , you may easily wash out all the debris when the grate is out .
Of course , when your 6-inch torrent of water is released , it may cause a lot of comment as it passes through or by neighboring properties .
If your pool is located on or near sloping ground , it may have natural drainage which is certainly more desirable than to be faced with the annual expense and labor of first pumping out the water and then scooping out all the debris .
It may be true that pool lighting dramatizes an evening scene , but lights also attract all the insect life for miles around .
You may find yourself hitting bottom , literally , as you discover that water is running out even while you are putting it in .
Fortunately , it is the FHA which has arrived at this conclusion , for it means that cooling equipment of all kinds may now be included in a mortgage , and thus acquired with a minimum of financial stress .
They may be inaccessible later .
If the problems of combining cooling with your heating are knotty , it may be cheaper to plan on a completely separate cooling system .
In a two-story house , one unit may be installed in the basement to serve the first floor , another in the attic to cool the second .
If you are a party thrower , you may need added capacity .
You may find a conditioner rated by horsepower .
A 1-hp conditioner , for example , may vary in effectiveness from under 8,000 BTU to well over 10,000 Aj .
County judges , commissioners , engineers , assessors , and others who have lived in the area for a long time may have valuable knowledge regarding the site or opinions to offer from their varied professional experiences .
A site may be a rundown slum or a desolate piece of desert in appearance today but have excellent potentials for the future with a little development or water .
The same is true of areas which at first look good because of a few existing recreation features but may actually be poor areas to develop for general public use .
It may be distant views of a valley or the mountains or natural features such as a small lake , colorful rock formations , or unusual trees .
A site which overlooks a harbor or river may offer interest in the activities of boating traffic .
An area on the coast may have relaxing views of the surf rolling in on a beach .
A site may also be attractive just through the beauty of its trees and shrubs .
A restricted frontage may be too crowded an area for public use .
The quantity of water flow may be critical ; ;
a stream or pond which is attractive in the springtime may become stagnant or dry in late summer .
Although the site may not contain the features themselves , there are often opportunities to include them as additional interest to the site .
The route to the park may lead people past them or display views of them .
The fish , animals , and birds which may be found at the site are another interest .
Animals may be present at the site or provide hunting in nearby areas .
The site may be on one of the major flyways of migratory birds or have its own resident bird life .
Clams , crabs , and other marine life may add interest at coastal areas .
An old shipwreck , a high dam , an old covered bridge , a place to find agates or other semi-precious stones or a place to pan gold , etcetera may be of interest .
Some areas may provide archeological values such as ancient Indian village sites or hunting areas , caves , artifacts , etcetera .
An area may be too small for the needs of the project .
However , a narrow strip may be very practical for small developments , or to provide additional stream frontage for a fisherman's trail , or include scenic strips within the park unit .
-- The values of the site may be affected by the appearance of the adjoining lands , ownership and use of the land , and the utilities available there .
For instance , a site adjoining other publicly owned lands , such as a national forest or a public road , may be desirable , whereas a site next to an industrial plant might not .
The utilities available nearby may provide a savings in the cost of extending electricity or water to the site .
The area may provide good springs or opportunities for a well or be near to municipal water lines .
An area may have been partially logged and requires removal of stumps or clean-up .
Some shrubs may be of good landscaping value , other areas of brush may need to be cleared .
An area sheltered from strong winds may be highly desirable for recreation use .
Lack of rainfall and extreme temperatures may call for the development of shade and irrigation of a site to make it useable .
Sometimes , you have a choice of exposure for sites where the topography or trees of the area will provide afternoon shade , morning sun , or whatever may be most desirable for the use intended .
-- Some areas may already have been improved and contain buildings , roads , utilities , cleared land , etcetera which may raise the cost of the site .
I remember Ernest Bloch in the foyer , shouting in his high-pitched voice : `` it may be a tour de force , mais mon Dieu , can anyone take this music seriously '' ? ?
That Prokofieff's harmonies and forms sometimes seem professionally routine to our ears , may or may not indicate that he was less of an `` original '' than we prefer to believe .
Need for novelty may be a symptom of cultural fatigue and instability .
Prokofieff might well emerge as a cultural hero , who , by the force of his creative life , helped preserve the main stream of tradition , to which the surviving idioms of current experimentalism may be eventually added and integrated .
The benefits electronics can bring to bio-medicine may be greater by far than any previous medical discovery .
Where the microscope under visible light may show only vague shadows or nothing at all , ultraviolet illumination and subsequent translation into a color TV picture reveal a wealth of detail .
This pressure measurement may be made at the same time that the ultrasonic dimensioning measurement is made .
In medicine the frequencies are much higher , transducers and the sonar beams themselves are much smaller , and different scanning techniques may be used , but the principles involved are the same as in sonar .
In May , 1803 , Ritter , in another flight of fancy , wrote to Oersted a letter that contained a remarkable prophecy .
Milk production may be increased by the anti-infective properties of this drug .
Milk production may be increased by the anti-infective properties of this drug .
This may be incorporated in complete feeds at the level of 0.4 milligram of diethylstilbestrol per pound of ration -- assuming animal consumes about 25 pounds daily .
It may be incorporated into cattle creep feeds in levels from 1.0 to 1.5 milligrams of diethylstilbestrol per pound of feed .
Cows receiving drug may not be officially tested under breed registry testing programs .
The change may require different products , pricing , packaging , warehousing , salesmanship , advertising and executive attention -- practically every link in the marketing network may have to be adjusted .
There may be possible economies at any one of a number of links in your marketing and distribution chain .
Ordinary politeness may have militated against this opinion being stated so badly but anyone with a wide acquaintance in both groups and who has sat through the many round tables , workshops or panel discussions -- whatever they are called -- on this subject will recognize that the final , boiled down crux of the matter is education .
We may then dismiss the time difference between these courses and the usual four year course of the interior design student as not having serious bearing on the subject .
It is in the quality of the teaching of all this that a question may arise .
Working in a vacuum of minimal information can result only in show pieces that look good in exhibitions and catalogs and may please the public relations department but have little to do with the essence of interior design .
It is possible , of course , to work on extant or projected buildings where either architect or owner will explain their necessities so that the student may get `` the feel '' of real interior design demands .
The local decorator who rushes in for a few hours of teaching may but more likely may not have these qualifications .
You may find certain coverage costing much more than is economically feasible , thereby alerting you to desirable revisions .
Otherwise , you may be saddled with a good-size milk bill by milk drinkers .
You may save valuable production minutes with a change .
I've heard 10 million mentioned often , but I'm more inclined to think there may be a total of some five to seven million families camping .
Westinghouse has a similar system , with two classifications representing various levels of competence on the strictly technical side : consulting engineer or scientist , as the case may be , and advisory engineer or scientist .
Another factor that may hold hope is for parallel recognition is , as one man says it : `` that the fad for educating top people along managerial lines is yielding to the technically trained approach '' .
There must be a restriction in the deed to provide that the customer may not be charged more than the current market price for the oil , an obvious precaution , since the account is permanently wedded , just like with gas or electricity .
It may also work in one other way -- by licensing its system patents and supplying the meters , letting the oil company or even the builder install the facilities .
Spring and summer may be here officially , but those thermos stay in .
Look for these features which may mean you can save :
For example , don't pay in a truck policy for medical coverage that you may be paying for in a health and accident policy .
Here may be found regular and impact styrene , cellulose acetate , cellulose butyrate and cellulose propionate , acrylic , vinyl , expandable styrene foam , and polyethylene .
For mounting to corrugated plastic backgrounds , very small holes may be drilled in the sides of the letters and stainless steel wire threaded through the openings , its ends twisted behind the panels .
Also available from this company are Snug-Grip Plasti-Bars , extruded of transparent acrylic material , which may be cemented to any corrugated acrylic background material .
Finished signs are produced by sliding the separate letter panels into channels of 0.025-in. aluminum , which may be mounted to various surfaces .
Letters may be wired to the face of the combined channels , painted on the first surface , or handled in other ways .
Don't insert your components into fixed openings , they may or may not fit ; ;
that way you may pay more to shim the window into place than you paid for the window .
The disadvantages to this method are that you may not have as great a choice of models readily available or you may have to wait a few days or , during the busy tourist season , when cars are in great demand , you might find it fairly difficult to get a car at all .
His esoteric chartings of the voice alert the therapist to areas where deeper probing may bring to light underlying psychological difficulties , making them apparent first to the therapist and eventually to the patient .
He may then very well conclude that `` everybody '' is probably not the true target of her resentment .
This the therapist may pursue in later questioning .
The phrase , `` emotional death '' , interesting and , to a non-scientific mind , rather touching , suggests that this woman may have some flair for words , perhaps even something of the temperament regrettably called `` creative '' .
Stammering or repetition of I , you , he , she , et cetera may signal ambiguity or uncertainty .
On the other hand significant facts may be concealed -- she may mean I or everybody , as it did with the tense and irritable woman mentioned before , may refer to a specific person .
And when psychology explains glibly , `` but the subconscious mind is able to produce it '' it refers to a mental region so vaguely identified that it may embrace the entire universal mind as conceivably as part of the individual mind .
Skeptics may deny the more startling phenomena of dreams as things they have never personally observed , but failure to wonder at their basic mystery is outright avoidance of routine evidence .
Every dream , and this is true of a mental image of any type even though it may be readily interpreted into its equivalent of wakeful thought , is a psychic phenomenon for which no explanation is available .
We know that the number of radio and television impulses , sound waves , ultra-violet rays , etc. , that may occupy the very same space , each solitary upon its own frequency , is infinite .
So we may conceive the coexistence of the infinite number of universal , apparently momentary states of matter , successive one after another in consciousness , but permanent each on its own basic phase of the progressive frequencies .
If the photographically realistic continuity of dreams , however bizarre their combinations , denies that it is purely a composition of the brain , it must be compounded from views of diverse realities , although some of them may never be encountered in what we are pleased to call the real life .
We may conclude that all six points of information , ostensibly given by the dream priest , could have been furnished by Dr. Hilprecht's subconscious reasoning .
Where a growing season may , with luck , allow 60 days without frost , and where the soil is poor , sandy , quick-drying and subject to erosion , many farmers fail .
It seems to me , the first thing you've got to do , to be happy , is to face up to your problems , no matter what they may be .
You may amaze yourself and acquire a real knack for it .
Just let the rejection slips fall where they may , and keep on plugging , and finally you will make the grade .
But , it could happen , and it may happen to you .
Thus creativity may run all the way from making a cake , building a chicken coop , or producing a book , to founding a business , creating a League of Nations or , developing a mature character .
Joking and talking may be freer and easier , but the important factual information is still lacking for far too many newly-married men and women .
If the wedding party lasted late , and the travel schedule means there are only a few hours before resuming the trip or making an early start , the husband may forestall tensions and uncertainties by confiding to his bride that lying in each other's arms will be bliss enough for these few hours .
These cases , for all their rarity , are so dramatic that friends and relations repeat the story until the general population may get an entirely false notion of how often the hymen is a serious problem to newly-weds .
But an instinctive reflex may work against the conscious intention of the woman .
That is , when first penetration takes place , the pressure and pain signals may involuntarily cause all the vaginal muscles to contract in an effort to bar the intrusion and prevent further pain .
Apart from the standard problem of controlling the vaginal muscles , other serious barriers may exist that need special gynecological treatment .
Extensive observations by physicians during vaginal examinations have established the fact that a single finger inserted along the anterior wall ( the top line of the vagina as the woman lies on her back ) may cause a great deal of distress in a virgin .
But during the same examination , two fingers may be inserted along the posterior wall ( the bottom of the vagina in the same position ) without any pain ; ;
These regional differences of sensitivity to pain may be of crucial significance during the earliest intercourse .
They may then adjust their positions and movements to avoid too much pressure on the urethra and the anterior wall of the vagina ; ;
In fact , the technical procedure in medical examinations may be wisely adapted to his romantic purposes by the husband during the honeymoon .
The insistent , forceful penetration may tear and inflame the vaginal walls as well as do excessive damage to the hymen .
The pain and distress associated with the performance may easily give the wife a deep-seated dread of marital relations and cause her , unconsciously , to make the sex act unpleasant and difficult for both by exercising her vaginal muscles to complicate his penetration instead of relaxing them to facilitate it .
The emotional stimulation may be so great that he may experience a premature climax .
The signals to proceed may therefore come when he is momentarily not able to take advantage of them .
This may require imagination and reminding himself that now he can be demanding and self-centered .
Both man and wife should be aware of the fact that a lack of climax , and even the absence of the anticipated keen pleasure are not a sign that the wife may be cold or frigid .
The equally ardent proponent of freedom from any kind of censorship may find the nude human form the `` natural , honest , free expression of man's spirit and the epitome of beauty and inspiration '' .
Thus a man who is butting a stone wall at the office may become unusually aggressive in bed -- the one place he can still be champion .
If his on-the-job problems work out , he may return to his old pattern .
On the other hand , a husband who always has been vigorous and assertive may suddenly become passive -- asking , psychologists say , for reassurance that his wife still finds him desirable .
Or a wife may make sudden demands that she be courted , flattered or coaxed , simply because she needs her ego lifted .
Last May , they said , she admitted being a prostitute .
He may call himself a anaprapath , a physiotherapist , an electrotherapist , a naturopath , a sanipractor , a medical cultist , a masseur , a `` doctor '' -- or what have you .
Tooth deformity may be the result of excessive thumb- or finger-sucking , tongue-thrusting , or lip-sucking -- but it's important to remember that there's a difference between normal and excessive sucking habits .
Occasional sucking up to the fifth year may not affect a youngster's teeth ; ;
If a child loses a molar at the age of two , the adjoining teeth may shift toward the empty space , thus narrowing the place intended for the permanent ones and producing a jumble .
If baby teeth are retained too long , the incoming second teeth may be prevented from emerging at the normal time or may have to erupt in the wrong place .
Bad alignment may result in early loss of teeth through a breakdown of the bony structure that supports their roots .
The failure of teeth to fit together when closed interferes with normal chewing , so that a child may swallow food whole and put a burden on his digestive system .
Because of these chewing troubles , a child may avoid certain foods he needs for adequate nutrition .
During the first few days of wearing the appliance and immediately following each adjustment , Susan may have a slight discomfort or soreness , but after a short time this will disappear .
Parents are often concerned that orthodontic appliances may cause teeth to decay .
But because teeth sometimes may drift back to their original position , a retaining appliance is used to lock them in place .
Susie may wear this only at night or for a few hours during the day .
Straightening one tooth that has come in wrong may take only a few months .
Aligning all the teeth may take a year or more .
An added complication such as a malformed jaw may take two or three years to correct .
`` Costs may seem high , but they used to be even higher '' , says Dr. Brodie .
Most orthodontists require an initial payment to cover the cost of diagnostic materials and construction of the appliances , but usually the remainder of the cost may be spread over a period of months or years .
For example , a boy may inherit a small jaw from one ancestor and large teeth from another .
If a child does lose his first teeth prematurely because of decay -- and if no preventive steps are taken -- the other teeth may shift out of position , become overcrowded and malformed .
In turn the other teeth are likely to decay because food particles may become impacted in them .
Some mediums speak in practical , down-to-earth terms , while others may stress the spiritual .
However that may be , people are known to go to mediums for diverse reasons .
They may , of course , be curiosity seekers -- or they may just be interested in the phenomenon of mediumship .
The possibility has to be ruled out that the medium's ESP may tap the memory of the sitter , and to do this , the two central characters in this drama must be separated .
An interested sitter may think the sensitive has made a `` hit '' , describing something accurately for him , but can he really be sure that another sitter , hearing the same statement , would not apply it subjectively to his own circumstances ? ?
One sitter may think `` a leather couch '' identifies a reading as surely directed to him ; ;
If pressed by the sitter for more detail , she may be able to bring the picture more into focus and see more sharply , almost as if she were physically going closer .
If communication with an entity on the `` other side '' is taking place , this too may assume the form of clairvoyant symbolism .
A slight change in the work schedule may cut the production of cows or chickens .
such a move may mean a loss of capital .
It may not be profitable for a part-time farmer to own the labor-saving machinery that a full-time farmer can invest in profitably .
Production may fall far below expectations .
Sickness or loss of some of the livestock may cut into the owner's earnings , even into his capital .
Returns for money and labor invested may be small even in a good year .
He may have to depend upon custom service for specialized operations , such as spraying or threshing , and for these , he may have to wait his turn .
The farm may be an additional burden if the main job is lost .
This may be true whether the farm is owned or rented .
The cost of land and the prospects for appreciation in value may influence your decision .
You may want to include your own regular vacation period if you have one .
If you have a planting of half an acre or more you may want to buy a small garden tractor ( available for $300 to $500 with attachments , 1960 prices ) .
These tractors are not entirely satisfactory for plowing , particularly on heavier soils , so you may still want to hire someone to do the plowing .
Information on pages 8 to 14 may help you in deciding on the kind and scale of your farming venture .
A tavern , filling station , junk yard , rendering plant , or some other business may go up near enough to hurt your home or to hurt its value .
If these facilities are not at the door , getting them may cost more than you expect .
You may have to provide them yourself or get along without them .
A pond may provide adequate water for livestock and garden .
Small areas that aren't right for a certain crop may lie next to areas that are well suited to that crop .
It may be hard to decide what this labor is worth , but charge something for it .
Otherwise , you may pay too much for the farm and get nothing for your labor .
Most of this testimony may have been legally admissible as bearing on the corpus delicti of the total Nazi crime but seemed subject to question when not tied to the part in it of the defendant's Department of Jewish Affairs .
This means that such factors as the health of the parents , particularly the mother , their ability to provide their children with the necessities of life , the degree of population density of a country and the shortage of housing facilities may legitimately be taken into consideration in determining the number of offspring .
Moreover , man may not supplant or frustrate the physical arrangements established by God , who through the law of rhythm has provided a natural method for the control of conception .
On May 11 , she reached Iceland .
The grant , which stretched southward to Lake Traverse -- the headwaters of the Red -- was made in May , 1811 , and by October of that year a small group of Scots was settling for the winter at York Factory on Hudson Bay .
Its people , including Pierre Bottineau and other American Fur Company employees and the refugees from Fort Garry , were joined by the remaining Scots and Swiss from Fort Snelling when Major Joseph Plympton expelled them from the reservation in May 1840 .
A Yank writing from Vicksburg , May 28 , 1863 , stated : `` not less than 50 balls have passed over me since I commenced writing .
Thay may say what they please but godamit Pa it is fun '' .
Though it may exist in either literate or illiterate societies , it assumes a role of true cultural importance only in the latter .
Or does he sincerely want to tap the real springs of American attitude and culture regardless of how unpopular and embarrassing they may be ? ?
A tsunami may be started by a sea bottom slide , an earthquake or a volcanic eruption .
Whether or not Plato's tale of the lost continent of Atlantis is true , skeptics concede that the myth may have some foundation in a great tsunami of ancient times .
They usually range from 20 to 60 feet in height , but when they pour into a V-shaped inlet or harbor they may rise to mountainous proportions .
The waves may keep coming for many hours .
The role of an earthquake in starting the destruction of whole cities is tremendously frightening , but fire may actually be the principal agent in a particular disaster .
Today a battle cry may seem an anachronism , for in the modern Army , esprit de corps has been sacrificed to organizational charts and tables .
It may be , of course , that such objectives can be pursued consisently with a policy designed to overthrow Communism ; ;
You may have misgivings about certain aspects of our military establishment -- I certainly do -- but you know any comparison of over-all American strength with over-all Soviet strength finds the United States not only superior , but so superior both in present weapons and in the development of new ones that our advantage promises to be a permanent feature of U.S.-Soviet relations for the foreseeable future .
Success may mean merely the displacement of Western influence .
And this may be as far as the process will go .
The Kremlin's goal is the isolation and capture , not of Ghana , but of the United States -- and this purpose may be served very well by countries that masquerade under a `` neutralist '' mask , yet in fact are dependable auxiliaries of the Soviet Foreign Office .
This may help explain a phenomenon described by a small-town Jewish boy .
It may , on occasion , be anything but that .
However , by cultivating a wine dealer and accepting his advice , one will soon enough ascertain whether he has any knowledge of wines ( as opposed to what he may have been told by salesmen and promoters ) and , better yet , whether he has a taste for wine .
he may also be the one who makes and bottles the best blends -- sound wines from vineyards generally in his own district .
This is the only valid , and extenuating , argument that may be advanced in defense of the reprehensible attitude of the common wine waiter .
A white wine , already at cool cellar temperature , may be adequately chilled in a bucket of ice and water or the freezing compartment of a refrigerator ( the former is far preferable ) in about fifteen minutes ; ;
Though by no means an ideal procedure , a red wine may similarly be brought from the cellar to the dining room and opened twenty minutes or so before serving time .
It may be a bit cold when poured ; ;
In this way , red wine warms of itself quite rapidly -- and though it is true that it may not attain its potential of taste and fragrance until after the middle of the meal ( or the course ) , in the meantime it will have run the gamut of many beguiling and interesting stages .
The only cardinal sin which may be committed in warming a wine is to force it by putting it next to the stove or in front of an open fire .
A tug-of-war between an old bottle and an inefficient corkscrew may do as much harm as a week at sea .
Another school frowns on such a shortcut , and insists that after leaving the bin an old red wine should first stand on end for several days to allow the sediment to roll to the very bottom , after which the bottle may be gently eased to a tilted position on its side in the cradle .
it may also be -- practically speaking -- a matter of good economy .
and Alsatians may be .
But his is still a simple life relatively free of the female presence or influence , and he must go far , even though he may go fast , for sophisticated pleasures .
Students of the college who are candidates for the A.B. degree and can satisfy the academic requirements of the medical and business schools , may enter either of these associated schools at the beginning of senior year , thus completing the two-year postgraduate course in one year .
But Dartmouth preserves its youthful brashness even in its educational attitudes , and , although some of its experiments may still be in the testing stage , they make for lively copy .
And for a man who traveled around without any change of clothing , a few more stains on his dark suit may very well have gone unnoticed .
The motive may have been the mysterious quarrel ; ;
In those vocational programs organized with Smith-Hughes money , there may be a close tie between the labor union and a local employer on the one hand and the vocational teacher on the other .
In these cases a graduate may enter directly into an apprentice program , saving a year because of his vocational courses in grades 11 and 12 .
In general , however , it may be said that when a boy or a girl leaves the high school , the school authorities play little or no part in the decision of what happens next .
Statistically this has represented a loss to the nation , although one must admit that in an individual case the decision in retrospect may have been a wise one .
He may or may not be `` better off '' than his classmate who went on to a college and professional school .
In the Negro neighborhoods and also to some extent in the mixed neighborhoods the problem may be one of identification and motivation .
Similarly , a girl who graduates with a good working knowledge of stenography and the use of clerical machines and who is able to get a job at once may wish to improve her skill and knowledge by a year or two of further study in a community college or secretarial school .
In a sense almost all high school and college courses could be considered as vocational to the extent that later in life the student in his vocation ( which may be a profession ) will be called upon to use some of the skills developed and the competence obtained .
The neighborhood high schools are not , strictly speaking , comprehensive schools , because some of the boys and girls may be attending a vocational or technical high school instead of the local school .
They may even dismiss it from their minds as something that concerns only the `` ecclesiastical Rover Boys '' , as someone has dubbed them , who like to go to national and international assemblies , and have expense accounts that permit them to do so .
However needed this may be , the fundamental problem is not information but active commitment to the total mission of the church of Christ in the world .
This may mean having fellowship in the church with people with whom , on the level of merely human agreeableness , we might prefer not to have any association at all .
Likewise , the ecumenist may become so absorbed in the conflict of the church with the totalitarian state in East Germany , the precarious situation of the church in revolutionary China , and the anguish of the church over apartheid in South Africa that he loses close contact with the parish church in its unspectacular but indispensable ministry of worship , pastoral service and counseling , and Christian nurture for a face-to-face group of individuals .
Baseball was surely the national game in those days , even though professional baseball may have been merely a business .
Ruth himself , still owning his farm in Massachusetts and an interest in the Massachusetts cigar business that printed his round boyish face on the wrappers , had led the parade down from Fenway Park , followed by pitchers Carl Mays , Leslie `` Joe '' Bush , Waite Hoyt , Herb Pennock , and Sam Jones , catcher Wally Schang , third baseman Joe Dugan ( who completed the `` playboy trio '' of Ruth , Dugan , and Hoyt ) , and shortstop Everett Scott .
Erikson has noted that , unless this trust developed early , the time ambivalence experienced , in varying degree and temporarily , by all adolescents ( as a result of their remembering the more immediate gratification of wants during childhood , while not yet having fully accepted the long-range planning required by adulthood ) may develop into a more permanent sense of time diffusion .
She may well be incapacitated by it when she is confronted with present and future alternatives -- e.g. , whether to prepare primarily for a career or for the role of a homemaker ; ;
Erikson has noted that , as this indecision mounts , it may result in a `` paralysis of workmanship '' .
This paralysis may be expressed in the female's starting -- and never completing -- many jobs , tasks , and courses of study ; ;
God knows what the African nations , who hold 25 per cent of the voting stock in the U.N. were thinking -- they may , for example , have been thinking of the U.S. abstention when the vote on Algerian freedom was before the Assembly -- but I think I have a fairly accurate notion of what the Negroes in the gallery were thinking .
If the change , at first sight , seems minor , we may recall that it took the Italian painters about two hundred years to make an analogous change , and the Italian painters , by universal consent , were the most brilliant group of geniuses any art has seen .
The cowboy films , the cops and robbers films , and the slapstick comedy films culminating in an insane chase are not only catering to what critics may assume to be a vulgar taste for violence ; ;
The reason for this bears explaining for those who may wonder why State spends so much of its diplomatic energy on Congress when the Russians are so available .
The farmers may be aroused if Congress cuts into the Agriculture Department's budget .
Tampering with the Post Office may infuriate every voter who can write .
In many sections he may even reap applause from press and public for giving it a good lesson .
The congressman who , in Paris , may have stuffed his wallet with enough franc notes to paper the roof of Notre-Dame will systematically scream that a $200 increase in entertainment allowance for a second secretary is tantamount to debauchery of the Treasury .
A better world may yet come out of Hiroshima .
A technique by which it is proposed to enter with compulsion into the very heart of a man and determine his values may often in fact seem the more unlimited aggression .
The justification in Christian conscience of the use of any mode of resistance also lays down its limitation -- in the distinction between the persons against whom pressure is primarily directed , those upon whom it may be permitted also to fall , and those who may never be directly repressed for the sake even of achieving some great good .
We may now take up for consideration a hard case which seems to require either no action employing economic pressure or else action that would seem to violate the principles set forth above .
There may be instances in which , if economic pressure is to be undertaken at all , this would have to be applied without discrimination against a whole people .
The race problem has tended to obscure other , less emotional , issues which may fundamentally be even more divisive .
-- liberal considers that the need for a national economy with controls that will assure his conception of social justice is so great that individual and local liberties as well as democratic processes may have to yield before it .
The American liberal may , in the world of to-day , have a strong case ; ;
Accounts have been published of Northern liberals in the South up against segregationist prejudice , especially in state-supported universities where pressure may be strong to uphold the majority view .
Among Bourbons the racial issue may have less to do with their remaining unreconstructed than other factors .
Thus , to cite but one example , the Pax Britannica of the nineteenth century , whether with the British navy ruling the seas or with the City of London ruling world finance , was strictly national in motivation , however much other nations ( e.g. , the United States ) may have incidentally benefited .
Nevertheless , it may be helpful to cite one example -- that of employment -- for , as will be shown below , it cuts across both facets of the new concept .
A measure of its widespread acceptance may be derived from a statement of the International Congress of Jurists in 1959 .
Recognizing that the Rule of Law is `` a dynamic concept which should be employed not only to safeguard the civil and political rights of the individual in a free society '' , the Congress asserted that it also included the responsibility `` to establish social , economic , educational and cultural conditions under which his legitimate aspirations and dignity may be realized '' .
Reference to two other concepts -- nationalism and sovereignty -- may help to reveal the contours of the new principle .
Jean Bodin , writing in the sixteenth century , may have been the seminal thinker , but it was the vastly influential John Austin who set out the main lines of the concept as now understood .
What these fragments are and how they activate the go order may not be revealed .
They think of it as a kind of spooky museum in which they may half see and half imagine the old splendor .
To a stranger their delight in these things may seem paradoxical , for Persians chase the golden calf as much as any people .
Poetry in Persian life is far more than a common ground on which -- in a society deeply fissured by antagonisms -- all may stand .
Here in these little rooms -- or stages arched open to the sky and river -- they choose a few lines out of the hundreds they may know and sing them according to one of the modes into which Persian music is divided .
Our meeting took place in May , 1961 , during one of the Maestro's stop-overs in New York , before he left for Europe .
An example of the changes which have crept over the Southern region may be seen in the Southern Negro's quest for a position in the white-dominated society , a problem that has been reflected in regional fiction especially since 1865 .
While there may still be many Faulknerian Lucas Beauchamps scattered through the rural South , such men appear to be a vanishing breed .
Yet he presents a realm of source material which may well serve other writers if not himself : the problems with which a New South must grapple in groping through a blind adolescence into the maturity of urbanization .
Or , clad from head to toe in fabric stretched over a series of hoops , the performer may well lose his sense of self in being a `` finial '' .
The composer may reverse or invert the order of his original set of intervals ( or rhythms or dynamic changes ) .
He may even alter the pattern by applying a scheme of random numbers .
The sequence may involve a sharp contrast : for example , a quiet meditative sway of the body succeeded by a violent leap ; ;
or it may involve more subtle distinctions : the sway may be gradually minimized or enlarged , its rhythmic emphasis may be slightly modified , or it may be transferred to become a movement of only the arms or the head .
The approach to the depiction of the experience of creation may be analytic , as it is for Miss Litz , or spontaneous , as it is for Merle Marsicano .
Looking back , Miss Marsicano feels that her ideas may have been influenced by those of Jackson Pollock .
It may be a free front-back swing of the leg , leading to a sideways swing of the arm that develops into a turn and the sensation of taking off from the ground .
The theme may be the formation of a shape from which other shapes evolve .
It may be a reaction to a percussive sound , the following movements constituting further reactions .
It may establish the relation of the figure of the dancer to light and color , in which case changes in the light or color will set off a kaleidescope of visual designs .
If one dancer slaps another , the victim may do a pirouette , sit down , or offer his assailant a fork and spoon .
He may toss coins ; ;
he may take slips of paper from a grab bag .
The answers derived by these means may determine not only the temporal organization of the dance but also its spatial design , special slips designating the location on the stage where the movement is to be performed .
Each performance may be different .
If a work is divided into several large segments , a last-minute drawing of random numbers may determine the order of the segments for any particular performance .
We are worried about what people may do with them -- that some crazy fool may `` push the button '' .
Often it is recognized that all the details of the pattern may not be essential to the outcome but , because the pattern was empirically determined and not developed through theoretical understanding , one is never quite certain which behavior elements are effective , and the whole pattern becomes ritualized .
But a somewhat more detailed analysis of this process may be illuminating .
I am usually filled with an uneasiness that through some unwitting slip all hell may break loose .
The conversation that ensued may have been engrossing but it could hardly be called world-shattering .
When Heidegger and Sartre speak of a contrast between being and existence , they may be right , I don't know , but their language is too philosophical for me .
Hamm's world is death and Clov may or may not get out of it to join the living child outside .
The consciousness it mirrors may have come earlier to Europe than to America , but it is the consciousness that most `` mature '' societies arrive at when their successes in technological and economic systematization propel them into a time of examining the not-strictly-practical ends of culture .
The part of the mind that preserves dates and events may remonstrate , `` It could have been like that for only a little while '' ; ;
In the work of every artist , I suppose , there may be found one or more moments which strike the student as absolutely decisive , ultimately emblematic of what it is all about ; ;
The artistic interest , then , lies in what the encounter may be made to represent , in the power of some central significance to draw the details into relevance and meaningfulness .
This is simple enough , but several more points of interest may be mentioned as relevant .
the two may in fact be identical .
And although these insights into the nature of art may be in themselves insufficient for a thoroughgoing philosophy of art , their peculiar authenticity in this day and age requires that they be taken seriously and gives promise that from their very substance , new and valid chapters in the philosophy of art may be written .
Later abstractive and rational processes may indicate errors of judgment in these apprehensions of value , but the apprehensions themselves are the primary stuff of experience .
The traditional strategy of the South has been to expose the vices of the North , to demonstrate that the North possessed no superior virtue , to `` show the world that '' as James's Christopher Newman said to his adversaries ) `` however bad I may be , you're not quite the people to say it '' .
To guard against the tyranny of a numerical majority , Calhoun developed his theory of `` concurrent majority '' , which , he said , `` by giving to each portion of the community which may be unequally affected by the action of government , a negative on the others , prevents all partial or local legislation '' .
They may even enroll a colored student or two for show , though he usually turns out to be from Thailand , or any place other than the American South .
And one finds it again in Thomas Nelson Page ) to the effect that the Mayflower on its second voyage brought a cargo of Negro slaves .
It may , however , be noted that his gift for color and imagery must have been greatly stimulated by his stay in Paris .
If he is good , he may not be legal ; ;
if he is legal , he may not be good .
On the parade ground the net may be similar to that shown in Figure 3 .
With troops dispersed on fields of battle rather than on the parade ground , it may seem that a certain amount of monitoring is automatically enforced by the lines of communication .
Yet , after Rousseau had given the social contract a new twist with his notion of the General Will , the same philosophy , it may be said , became the idea source of the French Revolution also .
Father Murray goes back to the Declaration of Independence , too , though I may add , with considerably more historical perception .
Does our society have a runaway , uncontrollable growth of technology which may end our civilization , or a normal , healthy growth ? ?
Here there may be an analogy with cancer : we can detect cancers by their rapidly accelerating growth , determinable only when related to the more normal rate of healthy growth .
So an objective look at our present procedures may move us to consider seriously this possibly analogous situation .
In any event , whether society may have cancer , or merely a virus infection , the `` disease '' , we shall find , is political , economical , social , and even medical .
Any abilities I may have were achieved in their present shape from experience in sharing in the growth and control of my business , coupled with raising my family .
That , however , may also bring the police , if the thinking does not meet with social approval .
Just as now anyone may hurl insults at a citizen of Mars , or even of Tikopia , and no senatorial investigation will result .
May we state with confidence that in such an exhibition a republic will find its greatest security ? ?
`` I may possibly be a greater risk than is the normal person of my age '' , the President had said on February 29th of the election year , ignoring the fact that no one of his age had ever lived out another term .
Like Roosevelt , he can distinguish an attitude toward a Russian leader he may share with a host of Americans from the responsibilities diplomatic convention may impose upon him .
As a further characterization of the liberal conservative split we may observe that it involves differences in the formula for escaping inevitabilities in history .
The best gifts of the novelist will be wasted on the reader who is insulated against any surprises the novelist may have in store for him .
Even the most rational of men , under great stress , may be transported by a new faith and behave like mystics .
He and also Mr. Cowley and Mr. Warren have fallen to the temptation which besets many of us to read into our authors -- Nathaniel Hawthorne , for example , and Herman Melville -- protests against modernism , material progress , and science which are genuine protests of our own but may not have been theirs .
The fact that he has cast over those materials the light of a skeptical mind does not make him any the less Southern , I rather think , for the South has been no more solid than other regions except in the political and related areas where patronage and force and intimidation and fear may produce a surface uniformity .
A useful comment on his relation to his region may be made , I think , by noting briefly how in handling Southern materials and Southern problems he has deviated from the pattern set by other Southern authors while remaining faithful to the essential character of the region .
It may be that in this comment he has broken from the conventional pattern more violently than in any other regard , for the treatment in his books is far removed from even the genial irony of Ellen Glasgow , who was the only important novelist before him to challenge the conventional picture of planter society .
There may be a case of this sort , but it is not one we wish to argue , here .
Even if men eventually find themselves able to look through walls and around corners , one may question whether this will help them to live better lives .
All we want from Dr. Huxley's statement is the feeling that this is an open world , in the view of the best scientific opinion , with practically no directional commitments as to what may happen next , and no important confinements with respect to what may be possible .
Such activity may or may not have irritated the Kremlin , but it has frequently condemned America to an unnatural defensiveness that has undermined our effort to give leadership to the free world .
Many of us may even be secretly relieved at having a plausible excuse to delegate ancient civic responsibilities to a new bureaucracy of experts .
Thus the member of an industrial union comes to regard his officers as business agents who may proceed without interference or recall ; ;
so , e.g. did Aristotle argue , although this may not be an observational reason in favor of circularity .
It must be granted that the flouting of convention , no matter how well intentioned one may be , is sure to lead to trouble , or at least to the discomfort that goes with social disapproval .
One can see it as humiliating that an extra hormone casually fed into our chemistry may induce us to lay down our lives for a lover or a friend ; ;
I fled , however , not from what might have been the natural fear of being unable to disguise from you that the things about my bridegroom -- in the sense you meant the word `` things '' -- which you had been galvanizing yourself to tell me as a painful part of your maternal duty were things which I had already insisted upon finding out for myself ( despite , I may now say , the unspeakable awkwardness of making the discovery on principle , yes , on principle , and in cold blood ) because I was resolved , as a modern woman , not to be a mollycoddle waiting for Life but to seize Life by the throat .
But I insist upon believing that even when it is lost , it may , like paradise , be regained .
Moreover , because of the particular blot on your family escutcheon through what may only have been one unbridled moment on your grandmother's part , and because you had the lean-to kitchen and trundle bed of your childhood to outgrow , what you obviously most desired with both your conscious and unconscious person , what you bent your whole will , sensibility , and intelligence upon , was to be a lady .
The United States is always ready to participate with the Soviet Union in serious discussion of these or any other subjects that may lead to peace with justice .
Free world decisions in this matter may spell the difference between world disaster and world progress in freedom .
We face , indeed , what may be a turning point in history , and we must act decisively and wisely .
When May came the Caravan had already crossed the Equator .
Hanoverian agents assisted in promoting circulation , said to have reached 40,000 , and if one may judge by the reaction of Swift and other government writers , the work must have had considerable impact .
If `` Jack the Courtier '' is really to be taken as Swift , the following remark is obviously Steele's comment on Swift's change of parties and its effect on their friendship : `` I assure you , dear Jack , when I first found out such an Allay in you , as makes you of so malleable a Constitution , that you may be worked into any Form an Artificer pleases , I foresaw I should not enjoy your Favour much longer '' .
In The Publick Spirit of the Whigs , it may be noted , Swift himself contemptuously dismissed Steele's reference to his friend at court : `` I suppose by the Style of old Friend , and the like , it must be some Body there of his own Level ; ;
He may be the only song writer ever to have collaborated with a secretary of the U. S. Treasury ; ;
Something occurred on the morning of the children's party which may illustrate the kind of trouble our restricted toilet facilities caused us .
May I say that you have just demonstrated the truth of an old proverb -- the younger Pliny's , if memory serves me -- which , translated freely from the archaic Latin , says , ' The more haste , the less peed ' '' .
General Grant may have been the victim of false information in the instance reported in this book ; ;
But General Grant may have been self-victimized .
He may have entered the situation with predispositions that prepared him to act uncritically in the press of affairs .
I assume that the number of readers of this anthology who regard themselves as morally perfect is small , and that most readers are willing to consider procedures by which they may gain more insight into themselves and better understanding of others .
There is a risk that instead of teaching a person how to be himself , reading fiction and drama may teach him how to be somebody else .
Probably the most important thing to focus on is not the development of conscience , which may well be almost beyond the reach of literature , but the contents of conscience , the code which is imparted to the developed or immature conscience available .
Literature may be said to give people a sense of purpose , dedication , mission , significance .
The terms `` renewal '' and `` refreshed '' , which often come up in aesthetic discussion , seem partly to derive their import from the `` renewal '' of purpose and a `` refreshed '' sense of significance a person may receive from poetry , drama , and fiction .
William Wimsatt and Cleanth Brooks , it seems to me , have a penetrating insight into the way in which this control is effected : `` For if we say poetry is to talk of beauty and love ( and yet not aim at exciting erotic emotion or even an emotion of Platonic esteem ) and if it is to talk of anger and murder ( and yet not aim at arousing anger and indignation ) -- then it may be that the poetic way of dealing with these emotions will not be any kind of intensification , compounding , or magnification , or any direct assault upon the affections at all .
The rehearsal through literature of emotional life under controlled conditions may be a most valuable human experience .
There is a second feature of the influences of literature , good literature , on emotional life which may have some special value for our time .
In any inquiry into the way in which great literature affects the emotions , particularly with respect to the sense of harmony , or relief of tension , or sense of `` a transformed inner nature '' which may occur , a most careful exploration of the particular feature of the experience which produces the effect would be required .
Such study may take many forms .
Many will add that we may find our enjoyment heightened by our understanding .
This understanding , of course , may in its turn take many forms and some of these -- especially those most interesting to the student of comparative literature -- are essentially historical .
He may also consider ideas .
But , in general , we may argue that the student can direct the primary emphasis of his attention toward one or the other .
An idea , let us say , may be roughly defined as a theme or topic with which our reflection may be concerned .
One might , indeed , argue that the history of ideas , in so far as it includes the literatures , must center on characterizations of human nature and that the great periods of literary achievement may be distinguished from one another by reference to the images of human nature that they succeed in fashioning .
Thus the student of literature may sometimes find it helpful to classify a poem or an essay as being in idea or in ideal content or subject matter typical or atypical of its period .
Again , he may discover embodied within its texture a theme or idea that has been presented elsewhere and at other times in various ways .
Accordingly we may speak of the Platonism peculiar to Shelley's poems or the type of Stoicism present in Henley's `` Invictus '' , and we may find that describing such Platonism or such Stoicism and contrasting each with other expressions of the same attitude or mode of thought is a difficult and challenging enterprise .
Here we may observe that at least one modern philosophy of history is built on the assumption that ideas are the primary objectives of the historian's research .
We may thus trace the notion of individual autonomy from its manifestation in religious practice and theological reflection through practical politics and political theory into literature and the arts .
Finally we may note that the idea appears in educational theory where its influence is at present widespread .
We may also recognize cases in which the poets have influenced the philosophers and even indirectly the scientists .
`` It would be a disgrace , and , as I have already said to the people of Tennessee , if Hearst is nominated , we may as well pen a dispatch , and send it back from the field of battle : ' All is lost , including our honor ' '' .
I intend to support the nominee of the party at St. Louis , whoever he may be '' .
`` May we come with you '' ? ?
He examined it carefully , handed it back and said , `` Eh bien , you may leave France '' .
`` Alors , you may go no farther '' , he said imperiously .
`` Mais non '' , the Interior Ministry man coaxed , `` you may come back to Strasbourg , now , if you wish '' .
May we have a word with you '' ? ?
If , as Reid says , `` nearly all his poetry was produced when he was not taking opium '' , there may be some reason to doubt that he was under its influence in the period from 1896 to 1900 when he was writing the poems to Katie King and making plans for another book of verse .
As Littlepage noted : `` A complete picture of Prince Potemkin may be had in his 1788 operations .
These illiterate boors conscripted from villages all across the Czarina's empire had , Suvorov may have told Lewis , just two things a commander could count on : physical fitness and personal courage .
On the way out Mr. Sakellariadis detoured up a special hill from which one may obtain a matchless view of the Acropolis lighted by night .
The public may still find pleasure in public places .
You may do well to take notice , that besides the title to land between the English and the Indians there , there are twelve of the English that have subscribed their names to horrible and detestable blasphemies , who are rather to be judged as blasphemous than they should delude us by winning time under pretence of arbitration '' .
That spring Welcome To Our City was selected for production by the 47 Workshop and it was staged in the middle of May .
Says he , `` I may never imagine that in the struggle between personal and supra-personal responsibility it is possible to make a compromise between the ethical and the purposive in the shape of a relative ethic ; ;
As I have said , words from Tennyson remain ever in my memory : `` That mind and soul , according well , May make one music as before '' .
For this reason , then , poetry tends to weaken the power of control , the reason , because it tempts one to indulge his passions , and even the best of men , he maintains , may be corrupted by this subtle influence .
He even calls upon the poets to defend the Muse and to show that poetry may contribute to virtue .
We may further grant to those of her ( Poetry's ) defenders who are lovers of poetry and yet not poets , the permission to speak in prose on her behalf : let them show not only that she is pleasant but also useful to States and to human life , and we will listen in a kindly spirit ; ;
For one thing , Aristotle mentions that plays may corrupt the audience .
In addition , his definition of a tragedy invites our attention , because a serious and important action may very well be one that tests the moral fiber of the author or of the characters .
In his study Samuel Johnson , Joseph Wood Krutch takes this line when he says that what Aristotle really means by his theory of catharsis is that our evil passions may be so purged by the dramatic ritual that it is `` less likely that we shall indulge them through our own acts '' .
In Krutch's view , this is one way to show how literature may be moral in effect without employing the explicit methods of a moralist .
If Krutch is correct , tragedy may have quite the opposite effect .
It may allay our passions and so restore the rule of reason .
Or in more Freudian terms , the experience may serve to sublimate our destructive urges and strengthen the ego and superego .
He warns that a single glance can lead us into temptation , for `` Looking eies have lyking hartes , and lyking hartes may burne in lust '' .
The old ideal of the independent entrepreneur is extant -- but so is the recognition that the main chance may be in a corporate bureaucracy .
College in gross -- just the general experience -- may have varying effects , but the students who are successful emerge with strengthened and clarified democratic values .
To the extent that our sampling of the orientations of American college students in the years 1950 and 1952 may be representative of our culture -- and still valid in 1959 -- we are disposed to question the summary characterization of the current generation as silent , beat , apathetic , or as a mass of other-directed conformists who are guided solely by social radar without benefit of inner gyroscopes .
And it may be well to recall that to say `` conformity '' is , in part , another way of saying `` orderly human society '' .
`` As Mrs. Morris may be in some want before that time '' , Lafayette continued , `` I am going to trouble you with a commission which I beg you will execute with the greatest secrecy .
On May 6th , Morgan , who had returned , received from Washington orders to `` send out patrols under vigilant officers '' to keep near the enemy .
`` The reason for this '' , the orders said , `` is that the enemy may think to take advantage of the celebration of this day .
Washington evidently was anxious for Morgan to be cautious as well as aggressive , for on May 17th , 18th and 20th he admonished the leader of the riflemen-rangers to be on the alert .
Obviously the commander-in-chief had confidence that Morgan would furnish him good intelligence too , for on the 23rd of May , he told Morgan that the British were prepared to move , perhaps in the night , and asked Morgan to have two of his best horses ready to dispatch to General Smallwood with the intelligence obtained .
Colonel Benjamin Ford wrote to Morgan from Wilmington that he understood a Mrs. Sanderson from Maryland had obtained permission from Smallwood to visit Philadelphia , and would return on May 26th , escorted by several officers from Maryland `` belonging to the new levies in the British service '' .
Amadee may have owed this partly to his relationship with the king , but Othon , who at sixty seems still to have been a simple knight , merited his position solely by his own character and ability .
After Kahn's death in 1924 Scott wrote : `` May he rest in peace with the eternal gratitude of his adopted country '' .
In spite of powerful opposition the Draft Act finally passed Congress on May 17 , 1917 .
The sense of relationship overreaches the historical truth that Shakespeare may have known next to nothing of the actual works of Aeschylus , Sophocles , and Euripides .
Those who walk on it may encounter at any turn ministers of grace or damnation .
In his second letter the old mercer advised his son `` to bye some such warys as yow may selle presentlye with profet .
Yff yow bargen with Wm. Sha. ( so in the MS ) or Receave money ther or brynge your money home yow maye see howe knite stockynges be sold ther ys gret byinge of them at Aysshom .
Wherefore I thynke yow maye doo good yff yow can have money '' .
Since more is known about Quiney than about any other acquaintance of Shakespeare in Stratford , his career may be followed to its sudden end in 1602 .
After Quiney was elected bailiff in September , 1601 , without Greville's approval , Greene wrote him that Coke had promised to be of counsel for Stratford and had advised `` that the office of bayly may be exercised as it is taken upon you , ( Sr. Edwardes his consent not beinge hadd to the swearinge of you ) '' .
Unconsciously , governments or races or institutions may enter into some undertaking without fully realizing why they are doing so .
A court may strike down a law on the basis of an intuitive feeling that the law is inimical to the numerical majority .
A nation may go to war on some trifling pretext , when in reality it may have been guided by an unconscious instinct that its very life was at stake .
He went to the Hotel Mayflower and telegraphed Mencken .
And his performances attracted much attention , as the frequency of his surviving pieces in any calendar that may be set up for his undergraduate activities testifies .
His early poems and some of his prose prolusions speak of wanderings in the city and the neighboring country that may be extended to Cambridge and its surrounding countryside .
The tiny hamlet of Chesterton to the north , with the fens and marshes lying on down the Ouse River , may have attracted him often , as it did many other youths of the time .
Ball games , especially football , required some attention , and other organized sports may have attracted him as participant or spectator .
but anyone who would put much trust in any phase of Prolusion 6 , except its illusive allusiveness deserves whatever fate may be meted out to him by virtue of the egregiously stilted banter .
It may be thought unfortunate that he was called on entirely by accident to perform , if again we may trust the opening of the oratio , for it marks the beginning for us of his use of his peculiar form of witty word play that even in this Latin banter has in it the unmistakable element of viciousness and an almost sadistic delight in verbally tormenting an adversary .
Since the great flood of these dystopias has appeared only in the last twelve years , it seems fairly reasonable to assume that the chief impetus was the 1949 publication of Nineteen Eighty-Four , an assumption which is supported by the frequent echoes of such details as Room 101 , along with education by conditioning from Brave New World , a book to which science-fiction writers may well have returned with new interest after reading the more powerful Orwell dystopia .
Nevertheless , with all these qualifications and exceptions , the current dystopian phenomenon remains impressive for its criticism that science and technology , instead of bringing utopia , may well enslave , dehumanize , and even destroy men .
Easily the best known of these three novels is The Space Merchants , a good example of a science-fiction dystopia which extrapolates much more than the impact of science on human life , though its most important warning is in this area , namely as to the use to which discoveries in the behavioral sciences may be put .
The Space Merchants , like such humanist documents as Joseph Wood Krutch's The Measure Of Man and C. S. Lewis's The Abolition Of Man , considers what may result from the scientific study of human nature .
A mind expressing itself in words may reveal itself a little less obviously as old or young .
Youth may be , and often is , skeptical , cynical or despairing ; ;
age may be idealistic , believing and much given to professions of optimism .
We may say of some unfortunates that they were never young .
One may be exasperatingly aware that if the answer is favorable it will be judged such only by those of one's own age .
that their remote past is as discontinuous with their present selves , as lacking in any conscious likeness to their mature personality , as the self of a butterfly may be imagined discontinuous with that of the caterpillar it once was .
To those of my readers who find many of my opinions morally , or politically , or sociologically antiquated ( and I have reason to know that there are some such ) , I would like to say what I have already hinted , namely , that some of my opinions may indeed be subject to some discount on the simple ground that I am no longer young and therefore incapable of being youthful of mind .
The reason is , I think , my awareness that my remarks last quarter on pacifism may well have served to confirm the opinion of some that my tendency to skepticism and dissent gets us nowhere , and that I am simply too old to hope .
I would , however , like to suggest that , wrong though I may be , the tendency to see dilemmas rather than solutions is one of which I have been a victim ever since I can remember , and therefore not merely a senile phenomenon .
But now he knows `` that an intellectual is not only a man to whom books are necessary , he is any man whose reasoning , however elementary it may be , affects and directs his life '' .
While I fully agree with Sir Anthony's contention , I think that we must carry the analysis farther , bearing in mind that while common peril may be the measure of our need , the existence or absence of a positive sense of community must be the measure of our capacity .
A slow and painful trend toward unification has taken hold , a trend which may at any time be arrested and reversed but which may also lead to a binding federation of Europe .
It may well be that the unification of Europe will prove inadequate , that the survival of free society will require nothing less than the confederation of the entire Western world .
An equally promising avenue toward Atlantic community may lie through the development and expansion of the O.E.C.D. .
what is new and compelling is that the West is now but one of several powerful civilizations , or `` systems '' , and that one or more of the others may pose a mortal danger to the West .
The defect of these proposals is in their attempt to outrun history and their assumption that because something may be desirable it is also possible .
`` It might well start a craze like swallowing goldfish or pee-wee golf '' , wrote Kenneth Rexroth in an explanatory note in the Evergreen Review , and he may have been right .
Patchen's musicians are outsiders in established jazz circles , and Patchen himself has remained outside the San Francisco poetry group , maintaining a self-imposed isolation , even though his conversion to poetry-and-jazz is not as extreme or as sudden as it may first appear .
However , his subject matter and basic themes have remained surprisingly consistent , and these , together with certain key poetic images , may be traced through all his work , including the new jazz experiments .
Rexroth may sometimes achieve an effective juxtaposition , but he rarely makes any effort to capture any jazz `` feeling '' in the text of his poems , relying on his very competent musicians to supply this feeling .
Perhaps Patchen was once involved in a train accident , and this passage from First Will And Testament may have been how the accident appeared to the poet when he first saw it -- if he did : ``
His may typify a certain kind of postwar New York experience , but his experience is certainly not typical of his `` generation's '' .
This may be helpful in improving the competitive position of established firms through diversification and expansion or through more economical utilization of plant capacity .
The property sales assistance program is designed to assist small business concerns that may wish to buy property offered for sale by the Federal Government .
Purpose of this inventory is to include all eligible productive facilities in SBA's facilities register so that the small business concerns may have an opportunity to avail themselves of the services authorized by the Congress in establishing the Small Business Administration .
SBA loans , which may be made to small manufacturers , small business pools , wholesalers , retailers , service establishments and other small businesses ( when financing is not otherwise available to them on reasonable terms ) , are to finance business construction , conversion , or expansion ; ;
The amount which may be borrowed from the SBA depends on how much is required to carry out the intended purpose of the loan .
The maximum loan which SBA may make to any one borrower is $350,000 .
The applicant pays the rest of the cost , but his own time spent on the work and charges for the use of equipment which he owns may be applied toward his share of the cost .
if the Government certifies that production may be possible from the property , the royalty obligation continues for the 10-year period usually specified in the contract or until the Government's contribution is repaid with interest .
Information , application forms , and assistance in filing may be obtained from the Office of Minerals Exploration , U.S. Department of the Interior , Washington 25 , D.C. , or from the appropriate regional office listed below .
In the more primitive areas , where the capacity to absorb and utilize external assistance is limited , some activities may be of such obvious priority that we may decide to support them before a well worked out program is available .
A requirement of reasonably honest administration may be politically uncomfortable in the short run , but it is politically essential in the long run .
There are other countries where , with skillful diplomacy , we may be able by our aid to give encouragement to those groups in government which would like to press forward with economic and social reform measures to promote growth .
Thus , as a development program is being launched , commitments and obligations must be entered into in a given year which may exceed by twofold or threefold the expenditures to be made in that year .
Moreover , once these steps are taken , they may require years to make themselves felt .
Mr. Speaker , I ask unanimous consent that all Members who desire to do so may extend their remarks at this point in the record ; ;
and also that they may have 5 legislative days in which to extend their remarks .
At that time , he afforded me the courtesy of his busy workday for such length as I may need , to speak about my background , my hopes , my views on various national and local topics , and any problems that I may have been vexed with at the time .
May the Divine Speaker in Heaven bless this country with Sam Rayburn's continued service here for years to come .
This may not be the greatest but it certainly comes close to being the greatest lesson Sam Rayburn's career , up to this hour , teaches all of us who would aspire to distinction in political life under our processes of government .
I pray to God that he may be spared to us for many years to come for this is an influence the United States and the whole world can ill afford to lose .
Others may speak of Speaker Rayburn's uniquely long and devoted service ; ;
While the origin of state-owned automobiles may be obscured , subsequent developments concerning the assignment , use , and management of state automobiles can be related more clearly .
They estimate further that with sufficient experience and when cost-data of compact cars is compiled , the break-even point may be reduced to 7,500 miles of travel per year .
The wording of the question was quite general and may have been subject to different interpretations .
It is difficult to tabulate exactly what was meant in each individual situation , but the conclusion may be drawn that 21 towns do not assess movable personal property , and of the remainder only certain types are valued for tax purposes .
To summarize , it may be said that there is no one prevailing practice in Rhode Island with respect to the taxation of movable property , that assessors would like to see an improvement , and of those who have an opinion , that assessment by the town of location is preferred on the basis of their present knowledge .
No one really knows how many boats there actually are or what their aggregate value may be .
Leading firms that arranged their own financing included Speidel Corporation , Cornell-Dubilier , Photek , Inc. Division of Textron , Narragansett Gray Iron Foundry , W. R. Cobb Company , and Mays Manufacturing Company .
The other four states end on varying dates : Alabama ( Sept. 30 ) , New York ( March 31 ) , Pennsylvania ( May 31 ) , and Texas ( August 31 ) .
Pennsylvania closes its fiscal year on May 31 .
Furthermore , tax collections not immediately needed for current expenditures may be invested in short-term treasury notes , augmenting the town's miscellaneous revenues and reducing the tax levy .
It may be by bank loans , sale of notes or warrants , or by the somewhat casual method of issuance and registration of warrants .
An analysis of the fiscal tax collection year calendars throughout the state indicates that transition may not be as painful as is commonly thought .
These three installment dates would be : October 26 , January 26 , and April 25 ( Providence ) and November 15 , February 16 and May 15 ( Cranston ) .
and August 15 , November 15 , February 17 , and May 15 , ( Cranston ) .
It commemorates the 185th anniversary of Rhode Island's Independence when , upon May 4 , 1776 , the General Assembly , by its action , established the first free republic in the New World .
and now , therefore , do I , John A. Notte , Jr. , governor of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations , proclaim the week of april 29th to may 7th , 1961 , as Rhode Island Heritage Week , advising our citizens that throughout this week many historic houses and beautiful gardens will be open to visitors as well as industrial plants , craft shops , museums and libraries and I earnestly urge all to take advantage of these opportunities to see as many of these places as they can during this outstanding week .
now , therefore , do I , John A. Notte , Jr. , governor of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations , proclaim Saturday , May 20th , 1961 , as Armed Forces Day , reminding our citizens that we should rededicate ourselves to our Nation , respecting the uniforms as the guardians of our precious liberty .
In testimony whereof , I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the State to be affixed this 17th day of May , in the year of Our Lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of Independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth .
The President of the United States , pursuant to a Joint Resolution of Congress , has issued a proclamation each year since 1933 declaring May 22nd to be National Maritime Day .
and now , therefore , do I , John A. Notte , Jr. , Governor of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations , proclaim Monday , May 22nd , 1961 , as National Maritime Day , reminding our citizens that American Merchant ships and American seamen are ready at all times to serve our Nation in the cause of freedom and justice .
Miss Sally May Saabye , ( Miss Rhode Island 1960 ) says that within a short time -- on June 17th -- her reign will come to an end .
We who are living today may learn a valuable lesson from those who celebrated the first Thanksgiving Day .
In carrying out his functions under Section 2 of this Act , the Secretary may -- ( A )
All research within the United States contracted for , sponsored , cosponsored , or authorized under authority of this Act , shall be provided for in such manner that all information , uses , products , processes , patents , and other developments resulting from such research developed by Government expenditure will ( with such exceptions and limitations , if any , as the Secretary may find to be necessary in the interest of national defense ) be available to the general public .
This subsection shall not be so construed as to deprive the owner of any background patent relating thereto of such rights as he may have thereunder .
The Secretary may dispose of water and byproducts resulting from his operations under this Act .
The Secretary of the Interior may issue rules and regulations to effectuate the purposes of this Act .
There are authorized to be appropriated such sums , to remain available until expended , as may be necessary , but not more than $75,000,000 in all , ( A ) to carry out the provisions of this Act during the fiscal years 1962 to 1967 , inclusive ; ;
( B ) to finance , for not more than two years beyond the end of said period , such grants , contracts , cooperative agreements , and studies as may theretofore have been undertaken pursuant to this Act ; ;
and ( C ) to finance , for not more than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are required to correlate , coordinate , and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this Act : Provided , That funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject to the approval of the Secretary of State to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the United States , be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the United States : And provided further , That every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection therewith shall be available without cost to the United States for the use of the United States throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the United States .
Upon the expiration of a period deemed adequate for demonstration purposes for each plant , but not to exceed such twelve-year period , the Secretary shall proceed as promptly as practicable to dispose of any plants so constructed by sale to the highest bidder , or as may otherwise be directed by Act of Congress .
The maximum amount of payments which may be made pursuant to this Act on account of sales of newly mined ores or concentrates produced therefrom made during the calendar year 1962 shall not exceed $4,500,000 ; ;
the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1963 shall not exceed $4,500,000 ; ;
the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1964 shall not exceed $4,000,000 ; ;
and the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1965 shall not exceed $3,500,000 .
The American Registry Of Pathology operates as a cooperative enterprise in medical research and education between the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology and the civilian medical profession on a national and international basis , under such conditions as may be agreed upon between the National Research Council and The Surgeons General of the Army , Navy , and Air Force .
The use of 100 instead of 140 substance paper plus the adoption of side stapling beginning with the May 1960 issue reduced costs sufficiently to allow completion of the fiscal year with nearly $4,000 in unexpended funds .
In May 1960 , the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology began a series of articles on the `` Medical Museum '' , and in June , the Institute started contributing a regular monthly `` Case For Diagnosis '' .
The fast-opening of the shutter consists of a piece of aluminum foil ( approximately Af ) placed directly in front of the camera lens so that no light may pass into the camera .
The shutter aperture may be made larger or smaller by changing the foil area and adjusting the electrical energy input to the foil .
Besides the well-known hydrogen line at 21 cm wavelength , the spectra of extraterrestrial radio sources may contain sharp lines characteristic of other atoms , ions , and small molecules .
in interstellar gas , concentrations as low as Af molecules per Af may be sufficient , as compared to the Af hydrogen atom's Af required for detection of the 21-cm line .
This involves the application of a strong magnetic field to the radical vapor , which shifts the low-frequency spectra to a conveniently high microwave range , where they may be measured with optimum sensitivity .
Results of this experiment include the frequencies of the two strong spectral lines by which OH may be identified in interstellar gas ; ;
Such an interferometer provides a means of absolute temperature measurement , and may be used as an alternative to the gas thermometer .
Studies of the intensity data indicate that they may be converted to approximate transition probabilities .
In addition to the penalties provided in Title 18 , United States Code , Section 1001 , any person guilty of any act , as provided therein , with respect to any matter under this Title , shall forfeit all rights under this Title , and , if payment shall have been made or granted , the Commission shall take such action as may be necessary to recover the same .
In connection with any claim decided by the Commission pursuant to this Title in which an award is made , the Commission may , upon the written request of the claimant or any attorney heretofore or hereafter employed by such claimant , determine and apportion the just and reasonable attorney's fees for services rendered with respect to such claim , but the total amount of the fees so determined in any case shall not exceed 10 per centum of the total amount paid pursuant to the award .
Whoever , in the United States or elsewhere , pays or offers to pay , or promises to pay , or receives on account of services rendered or to be rendered in connection with any such claim , compensation which , when added to any amount previously paid on account of such services , will exceed the amount of fees so determined by the Commission , shall be guilty of a misdemeanor , and , upon conviction thereof , shall be fined not more than $5,000 or imprisoned not more than twelve months , or both , and if any such payment shall have been made or granted , the Commission shall take such action as may be necessary to recover the same , and , in addition thereto , any such person shall forfeit all rights under this Title .
The Attorney General shall assign such officers and employees of the Department of Justice as may be necessary to represent the United States as to any claims of the Government of the United States with respect to which the Commission has jurisdiction under this title .
Any claimant whose claim is denied , or is approved for less than the full amount of such claim , shall be entitled , under such regulations as the Commission may prescribe , to a hearing before the Commission , or its duly authorized representatives , with respect to such claim .
Upon such hearing , the Commission may affirm , modify , or revise its former action with respect to such claim , including a denial or reduction in the amount theretofore allowed with respect to such claim .
The Commission may in its discretion enter an award with respect to one or more items deemed to have been clearly established in an individual claim while deferring consideration and action on other items of the same claim .
Provided , That nothing in this provision shall be construed to limit the life of the Commission , or its authority to act on future agreements which may be effected under the provisions of this legislation .
Such payments , and applications for such payments , shall be made in accordance with such regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe .
if such person is deceased or is under a legal disability , payment shall be made to his legal representative : Provided , That if the total award is not over $500 and there is no qualified executor or administrator , payment may be made to the person or persons found by the Comptroller General of the United States to be entitled thereto , without the necessity of compliance with the requirements of law with respect to the administration of estates ; ;
if a receiver or trustee for any such partnership or corporation , duly appointed by a court of competent jurisdiction in the United States , makes an assignment of the claim , or any part thereof , with respect to which an award is made , or makes an assignment of such award , or any part thereof , payment shall be made to the assignee , as his interest may appear ; ;
in the case of any assignment of an award , or any part thereof , which is made in writing and duly acknowledged and filed , after such award is certified to the Secretary of the Treasury , payment may , in the discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury , be made to the assignee , as his interest may appear .
Whenever the Secretary of the Treasury , or the Comptroller General of the United States , as the case may be , shall find that any person is entitled to any such payment , after such payment shall have been received by such person , it shall be an absolute bar to recovery by any other person against the United States , its officers , agents , or employees with respect to such payment .
and ( 2 ) such other special funds as may , in the discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury , be required each to be a claims fund to be known by the name of the foreign government which has entered into a settlement agreement with the Government of the United States as described in subsection ( A ) of Section 4 of this Title .
All payments authorized under Section 7 of this Title shall be disbursed from the proper fund , as the case may be , and all amounts covered into the Treasury to the credit of the aforesaid funds are hereby permanently appropriated for the making of the payments authorized by Section 7 of this Title .
There is hereby authorized to be appropriated , out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated , such sums as may be necessary to enable the Commission to carry out its functions under this Title .
Yesterday , I had the privilege of reading a thoughtful article in the U.S. News & World Report of May 8 which discussed this type of action in more detail , including both its advantages and its disadvantages .
Under leave to extend my remarks , I include the relevant portion of my newsletter , together with the text of the article from the U.S. News & World Report : `` your Congressman , Samuel S. Stratton , reports from Washington , May 1 , 1961
Cuban S.S.R. : Whatever may have been the setbacks resulting from the unsuccessful attempt of the Cuban rebels to establish a beachhead on the Castro-held mainland last week , there was at least one positive benefit , and that was the clear-cut revelation to the whole world of the complete conversion of Cuba into a Russian-dominated military base .
( from U.s. News & World Report , May 8 , 1961 )
To assist the States , therefore , in rehabilitating handicapped individuals , `` so that they may prepare for and engage in remunerative employment to the extent of their capabilities '' , the 83rd Congress enacted the Vocational Rehabilitation Amendments of 1954 ( P. L. 565 ) .
Funds allotted in addition to their minimum allotment are apportioned to the two agencies as they may determine .
More detailed instructions may be obtained from your local building supply houses and craftsmen .
An outdoor , aboveground fallout shelter also may be built with concrete blocks .
A blower may be installed to increase comfort .
Continuous low-level lighting may be provided in the shelter by means of a 4-cell hot-shot battery to which is wired a 150-milliampere flashlight-type bulb .
There should be a regular electrical outlet in the shelter as power may continue in many areas .
Bunks , or materials to build them , may have to be put inside the enclosure before the shelter walls are completed .
But the radiation may be so intense at the start that one percent may be extremely dangerous .
There is a possibility that battery-powered radios with built-in radiation meters may become available .
How soon you may go outdoors ; ;
How long you may stay outside .
To break the monotony it may be necessary to invent tasks that will keep the family busy .
The basement of such an apartment building may provide as much natural protection as the specially constructed concrete block shelter recommended for the basement of a family dwelling .
No corporation engaged in commerce shall acquire , directly or indirectly , the whole or any part of the stock or other share capital of another corporation engaged also in commerce , where the effect of such acquisition may be to substantially lessen competition between the corporation whose stock is so acquired and the corporation making the acquisition , or to restrain such commerce in any section or community , or tend to create a monopoly of any line of commerce .
On May 9 , 1958 , the Commissioner announced his rulings .
Du Pont's counterproposal was filed on May 14 , 1958 .
While it is easy enough to ridicule Hawkins' pronouncement in Pleas Of The Crown from a metaphysical point of view , the concept of the `` oneness '' of a married couple may reflect an abiding belief that the communion between husband and wife is such that their actions are not always to be regarded by the criminal law as if there were no marriage .
It is not essentially different from a memorandum of an attorney in the Department of Justice , of which the Attorney General receives many , and to which he may give his approval or rejection .
The senior policy officer may be moved to think hard about a problem by any of an infinite variety of stimuli : an idea in his own head , the suggestions of a colleague , a question from the Secretary or the President , a proposal by another department , a communication from a foreign government or an American ambassador abroad , the filing of an item for the agenda of the United Nations or of any other of dozens of international bodies , a news item read at the breakfast table , a question to the President or the Secretary at a news conference , a speech by a Senator or Congressman , an article in a periodical , a resolution from a national organization , a request for assistance from some private American interests abroad , et cetera , ad infinitum .
Chewing it over with his colleagues and in his own mind , he reaches a tentative identification of the question -- tentative because it may change as he explores it further and because , if no tolerable answer can be found , it may have to be changed into one which can be answered .
He will know that general policy papers written months before may not fit his problem because of crucial changes in circumstance .
May I add a caution on this particular point ? ?
If it is decided to make a small shift which may be required from military aid or special assistance funds , in order to carry out the purposes of the Mutual Security Act through this new peaceful program , this will be a hopeful sign to the world .
The letters home , the talks later given by returning members of the Peace Corps , the influence on the lives of those who spend two or three years in hard work abroad -- all this may combine to provide a substantial popular base for responsible American policies toward the world .
Our military forces must be capable of contending successfully with any contingency which may be forced upon us , from limited emergencies to all-out nuclear general war .
I strongly recommend to the Congress the avoidance of mandatory floors on the size of the reserve components so that we may have the flexibility to make adjustments in keeping with military necessity .
For grant to the Government of India under subsection ( E ) of Section 104 of the Act , the rupee equivalent of not more than $538 million for financing such projects to promote balanced economic development as may from time to time be mutually agreed .
For loan to the Government of India under subsection ( G ) of Section 104 of the Act , the rupee equivalent of not more than $538 million for financing such projects to promote balanced economic development as may be mutually agreed .
In the event that agreement is not reached on the use of the rupees for grant or loan purposes within six years from the date of this Agreement , the Government of the United States of America may use the local currency for any purposes authorized by Section 104 of the Act .
Done at Washington in duplicate this fourth day of May 1960 .
The Government of the United States of America may utilize rupees in India to pay for goods and services , including international transportation needed in connection with market development and other agricultural projects and activities in India and other countries .
In the event the rupees set aside for loans under Section 104 ( E ) of the Act are not advanced within six years from the date of this Agreement because the Export-Import Bank of Washington has not approved loans or because proposed loans have not been mutually agreeable to the Export-Import Bank of Washington and the Department of Economic Affairs of the Government of India , the Government of the United States of America may use the rupees for any purpose authorized by Section 104 of the Act .
With respect to Article 2 , , paragraphs 1 ( B ) and 1 ( C ) : Uses of Section 104 ( E ) and Section 104 ( G ) rupees : The Government of India will use the amount of rupees granted or loaned to it by the United States pursuant to paragraphs 1 ( B ) and 1 ( C ) for projects to promote economic development with emphasis upon the agricultural sector including food reserve storage structures and facilities as may from time to time be agreed upon by the authorized representatives of the United States and the authorized representatives of the Government of India , in the following sectors : A .
The Government of India further agrees in cooperation with the Government of the United States , to coordinate the use of grant and loan funds provided for in paragraphs 1 ( B ) and 1 ( C ) of Article 2 , with such direct dollar assistance as may be made available by the Government of the United States of America , so that both sources of financing may be channeled to specific and clearly identifiable economic development programs and projects .
It is agreed that any goods delivered or services rendered after the date of this agreement for projects within categories A , B , and C under paragraph 2 above which may later be approved by the United States will be eligible for financing from currency granted or loaned to the Government of India .
Local currency will be advanced or reimbursed to the Government of India for financing agreed projects under paragraphs 1 ( B ) and 1 ( C ) of Article 2 , of the Agreement upon the presentation of such documentation as the United States may specify .
The extent of such interference -- which may be so slight as to be undetectable at any point where either of the stations renders a usable signal , or may be so great as to virtually destroy the service areas of both stations -- depends on many factors , among the principal ones being the distance between the stations , their respective radiated power , and , of particular significance here , the time of day .
But during nighttime hours the skywave radiations are reflected from the ionosphere , thereby creating the possibility of one station's rendering service , via skywave , at a much greater distance than it can through its groundwave signal , and at the same time vastly complicating the interference problem because of the still greater distance over which these skywave signals may cause interference to the signals of stations on the same and closely adjacent frequencies .
With respect to skywave service rendered at night , class 1 , -- A stations are the only stations permitted to operate in the United States on clear channels specified for class 1 , -- A operation , and so render skywave service free from cochannel interference whereever they may be received ; ;
If you elect to use the Standard Deduction or the Tax Table , and later find you should have itemized your deductions , you may do so by filing an amended return within the time prescribed for filing a claim for refund .
See You May Claim A Refund , Page 135 .
If the last day ( due date ) for performing any act for tax purposes , such as filing a return or making a tax payment , etc. , falls on Saturday , Sunday , or a legal holiday , you may perform that act on the next succeeding day which is not a Saturday , Sunday , or legal holiday .
Nonresident aliens living in Canada or Mexico who earn wages in the United States may be subject to withholding of tax on their wages , the same as if they were citizens of the United States .
The return for a decedent may also serve as a claim for refund of an overpayment of tax .
This form may be obtained from the local office of your district director .
Under unusual circumstances a resident individual may be granted an extension of time to file a return .
You may apply for such an extension by filing Form 2688 , Application For Extension Of Time To File , with the District Director of Internal Revenue for your district , or you may make your application in a letter .
If you are unable to sign the request , because of illness or other good cause , another person who stands in close personal or business relationship to you may sign the request on your behalf , stating the reason why you are unable to sign .
You should make any request for an extension early so that if it is refused , your return may still be on time .
If the check is not good and the April 15 or other due date deadline elapses , additions to the tax may be incurred .
Furthermore , a bad check may subject the maker to certain penalties .
If your sick pay is not included in your Gross Income , you may not deduct it .
If you are an income beneficiary of property held in trust or an heir , legatee , or devisee , you may deduct allowable depreciation and depletion , if not deductible by the estate or trust .
They may be claimed only by itemizing them on page 2 of Form 1040 .
These deductions may not be claimed if you elect to use the Standard Deduction or Tax Table .
A minor is subject to tax on his own earnings even though his parent may , under local law , have the right to them and might actually have received the money .
A minor child is allowed A personal exemption of $600 on his own return regardless of how much money he may earn .
If your child is under 19 or is a student you may also claim an exemption for him if he qualifies as your dependent , even though he earns $600 or more .
Since he had gross income of $600 or more , he must file a return in which he may claim an exemption deduction of $600 .
Since you contributed more than half of his support , you may also claim an exemption for him on your return .
He may get a tax refund .
Generally , the refund may be obtained by filing Form 1040A accompanied by the withholding statement ( Form W-2 ) .
If he had income other than wages subject to withholding , he may be required to file Form 1040 .
If your child works for you , you may deduct reasonable wages you paid to him for services he rendered in your business .
You may deduct these payments even though your child uses the money to purchase his own clothing or other necessities which you are normally obligated to furnish him , and even though you may be entitled to his services .
The one- or two-season hunt , of which there have been too many recently , may do more harm than good ; ;
That we had the wit and wisdom to adopt Mr. Lowell's concept and make it the base for our processes of selection is one reason why our selections have been , it may be said truly , pretty uniformly good .
In accordance with the two-year contract signed in May , 1959 , with the International Association of Machinists , AFL-CIO , wages of hourly employees were increased by 4% in May , 1960 , and pay levels for non-exempt salaried employees were increased proportionately .
Orchesis , for students interested in the modern dance , contributes to the May Fete and offers earlier in the year a modern dance demonstration .
Tennis Club participates in a dual tennis tournament with the University of Minnesota each fall , and also sponsors a two-day state invitational tennis meet at Carleton in May .
The Dolphins present a three-night water show the week of the May Fete .
These publications may be secured as follows : The Annual Catalog from the Director of Admissions and other issues from the Publications Office .
It has been correctly pointed out by well-informed people in the industry that it is probably unrealistic to expect a continuation of the yearly growth of 15% or better that characterized the decade of the 1950's , and that our military markets may be entering upon a new phase in which procurement of multiple weapons systems will give way to concentration of still undeveloped areas of our defense capability .
While this may well be true in general , I believe it is also important to keep in mind that some recent developments suggest that over the next year or so military electronics may be one of the most strongly growing areas in an economy which is not expanding rapidly in other directions .
The stepped-up defense procurement called for in the 1961 Budget has already begun to make itself felt in an upturn in orders for military electronic equipment and the components that go into it , and it has been suggested that an additional $2 billion increase in total defense spending may be requested for fiscal 1962 .
For the near term , however , it must be realized that the industrial and commercial market is somewhat more sensitive to general business conditions than is the military market , and for this reason I would expect that any gain in 1961 may be somewhat smaller than those of recent years ; ;
As I have indicated above , I base this feeling on a belief that current weakness in the market for consumer durable goods may continue through the early months of the year , but will give way to a sufficiently strong recovery later on to bring the full-year figures close to those of 1960 ; ;
He may welcome their appropriate participation in the determination of high policy , but he has a right to expect , in return , that they will leave administrative matters to the administration .
In particular , the president may have to summon all his oratorical powers to persuade department members to accept an outstanding man above the normal salary scale .
others may drag their feet .
Funds may be readily donated for some purposes but not others .
This result suggests a very high temperature at the solid surface of the planet , although there is the possibility that the observed radiation may be a combination of both thermal and non-thermal components and that the observed spectrum is that of a black body merely by coincidence .
Measurements at 3.15 cm were obtained on 11 days spread over the interval May 3 to June 19 , 1956 , using the 50-foot reflector at the U. S. Naval Research Laboratory in Washington .
The 10.3-cm observation of Sloanaker was made on May 20 , 1958 , using the 84-foot reflector at the Maryland Point Observatory of the U. S. Naval Research Laboratory .
In plasma generators the superimposed forced convection may modify the picture somewhat .
The relation between osmotic pressure and the Gibbs function may also be developed in an analogous way .
the magnetic moment of an unpaired electron associated nearby may have a tremendous influence on the magnetic resonance properties of nuclei .
However , Af adsorbs water from the atmosphere and this may account for the low chromium analysis and high total weight loss .
Micelles can imbibe and hold a considerable amount of oleophilic substances so that the micelle volume may be increased as much as approximately two-fold .
The influence of mechanical action on the particles of free soil may be compared to that of kinetic energy on a molecular scale .
In addition , the size distribution obtained from visual and radar observations of meteors may be extrapolated to the micrometeorite domain .
One may conclude that most of the detected micrometeoritic material is concentrated in orbital streams which intersect the Earth's orbit .
On May 15 , a very large increase occurred with Af of mass between Af and Af ; ;
The data for the first day indicate a meteor stream with a very high concentration of particles and may have led to the high estimates of micrometeorite flux .
The diurnal variation in the observed flux may be partly due to the dependence of the detector sensitivity on the incident velocity .
The extrapolation may be in error for several reasons .
Also , it has been suggested that the source of all or part of the dust may not be the same as that for visual or radar meteorites ( Best , 1960 ) , and the same distribution would not be expected .
Man may also be injured secondarily by damage to his food crops or domestic animals .
There may be a number of secondary effects resulting from diffusion through buildings such as widespread contamination of kitchens , restaurants , food stores , hospitals , etc. .
Depending on the organism , there may be multiplication in some food or beverage products , i.e. , in milk for example .
In some instances a different clinical disease picture may result from this route of exposure , making diagnosis difficult .
It must be remembered , however , that there are many agents for which there is no solid immunity and a partial or low-grade immunity may be broken by an appropriate dose of agent .
It is possible that certain mutational forms may be produced such as antibiotic resistant strains .
Mutants may also be developed with changes in biochemical properties that are of importance in identification .
This may be of overriding importance in considering military objectives .
Occasionally , you may come across one or two bumblebees in the cold season , when you are turning over sods in your garden , but you have to be a really keen observer to see them at all .
They keep their wings and feet pressed tightly against their bodies , and in spite of their often colorful attire you may very well mistake them for lumps of dirt .
If we manage to keep track of a Bombus queen after she has left her feeding place , we may discover the snug little hideout which she has fixed up for herself when she woke up from her winter sleep .
As befits a queen , a bumblebee female is rather choosy and may spend considerable time searching for a suitable nesting place .
Simultaneously , males or drones are produced , mostly from the unfertilized eggs of workers , although a few may be produced by the queen .
Although Andrena is gregarious , so that we may find hundreds and hundreds of burrows together , we must still call it a solitary bee .
This may just be pride in my adopted State of Washington , but certainly I love to visit their mound cities near Yakima and Prosser in July or August , when the bees are in their most active period .
Other herpetologists have ascertained that in the northern United States the prairie rattlesnake may not give first birth until it is four or even five years old , and that the young may be born every other year , rather than annually .
The first is the strictly scientific , which demands concrete proof and therefore may err on the conservative side by waiting for evidence in the flesh .
However , the dynamics of airflow , from morphologic considerations alone , may conceivably be different in the monkey than in the horse .
Also , interlobular air drifts may be all but nonexistent in the cow ; ;
Finally , it is suggested that in many respects the horse lung may be anatomically more comparable to that of the human than any other presently known species .
This may be due to the heavy interlobular connective tissue barriers present .
When a dot appears close to the end of the transverse line , the `` moderate '' rating may be further classified according to the position of the dot with respect to the vertical marking denoting the mean age .
Such classifications may be called `` somewhat advanced '' or `` somewhat delayed '' , as the case may be , reserving `` moderate '' for dots upon or close to the mean .
In the lower portion of each Chart , the Skeletal Age ( Hand ) of boy 34 and girl 2 may be similarly classified .
Thus , a child's Skeletal Age `` dots '' may be classified as `` advanced '' when they appear above the middle curve , `` moderate '' when they appear immediately above or below the middle curve , and `` delayed '' when they appear below the lower curve .
Onsets , Completions , and Skeletal Ages ( Hand ) of boy 34 and girl 2 may be directly compared and classified , using only those Skeletal Ages which appear immediately below the Onset Profile and the Completion Profile .
It may be assumed that differences in ratings due to selection of growth centers from specific regions of the body will be small , according to existing tables of onset age and completion age for centers throughout the body .
Obviously , the slowing for her may have occurred at any point between Onset and Completion .
The Skeletal Age curve in the lower portion of Figure 2 shows that slowing may have occurred for her during the prepubescent period .
Length of the shaft of these arrows may be evaluated according to the standard deviation values for each center in Table 1 .
Accordingly , girls 31 , 29 , 33 , 21 , 26 , 13 , 3 , 4 , 14 , 32 , 24 , 25 , 34 , 23 , 6 , 15 , 22 , and 16 may be said to have the `` same schedule '' at Onset and Completion .
There is some reason to think that thyroglobulin synthesis may proceed independently of iodination , for in certain transplantable tumours of the rat thyroid containing essentially no iodinated thyroglobulin , a protein that appears to be thyroglobulin has been observed in ultracentrifuge experiments ( Wolff , Robbins and Rall , 1959 ) .
In addition , depending on availability of dietary iodine , thyroglobulin may contain varying quantities of iodine .
The finding that the concentration of one of these proteases is increased in thyroid glands from TSH-treated animals suggests that this protease may be active in vivo .
There is some evidence that naturally occurring goitrogens may play a role in the development of goitre , particularly in Tasmania and Australia ( Clements and Wishart , 1956 ) .
At the present time we do not know by what biochemical mechanism TSH acts on the thyroid , but for bio-assay of the hormone there are a number of properties by which its activity may be estimated , including release of iodine from the thyroid , increase in thyroid weight , increase in mean height of the follicular cells and increase in the thyroidal uptake of Af .
The importance of knowing in what chemical forms the hormone may exist is accentuated by the recent observation that there exists an abnormally long-acting TSH in blood drawn from many thyrotoxic patients ( Adams , 1958 ) .
From March 3 to May 1 , 1949 , the patient was maintained on dexamethasone , 3 to 6 mg. daily .
In May 1959 , prednisone , 30 mg. daily , replaced the dexamethasone .
The concentration and apparent localization of the WTV antigen in pseudophloem tissue of the tumor may indicate that the virus preferentially multiplies in the phloem and may need to be directly placed in this tissue in order to infect plants .
Since electrical stimulation of the posterior hypothalamus produces the effects of wakefulness while stimulation of the anterior hypothalamus induces sleep , it may be said that the reactivity of the whole organism is altered by a change in the autonomic reactivity of the hypothalamus .
In both conditions the emotional and perceptual sensitivity is diminished , but no depression occurs such as is seen clinically or may be produced in normal persons by drugs .
( 3 ) in a state of depression , the positive conditioned stimulus may fail to elicit a conditioned reaction but cause an increased synchrony instead of the excitatory desynchronizing ( alerting ) effect on the Aj .
We pointed out that emotional excitement may lead to psychosomatic disorders and neurotic symptoms , particularly in certain types of personality , but it is also known that the reliving of a strong emotion ( `` abreaction '' ) may cure a battle neurosis .
This phenomenon raises the question whether the guidance of the emotions for therapeutic ends may not have an even wider application in the area of the neuroses .
Being a strictly physiological procedure , one may expect from such a study additional information on the nature of the emotional process itself .
In view of the important role which emotional disturbances play in the genesis of neurotic and psychotic disorders and the parallelism observed between autonomic states and psychological behavior in several instances , it is further suggested that a hypothalamic imbalance may play an important role in initiating mental changes .
First , T may not have a single characteristic value ; ;
Second , even if the characteristic polynomial factors completely over F into a product of polynomials of degree 1 , there may not be enough characteristic vectors for T to span the space V .
If we are discussing differentiable complex-valued functions , then Af and V are complex vector spaces , and Af may be any complex numbers .
The binomial probability distribution may describe the variation that occurs from one set of trials of such a binomial experiment to another .
A trained marksman shooting five rounds at a target , all under practically the same conditions , may hit the bull's-eye from 0 to 5 times .
In general , any outcome we choose may be labeled `` success '' .
Voting for one picture may be called `` success '' , for the other `` failure '' .
Obviously , very slight changes in P do not change the probabilities much , and a slight lack of independence may not make an appreciable difference .
) On the other hand , even when the binomial model does not describe well the physical phenomenon being studied , the binomial model may still be used as a baseline for comparative purposes ; ;
that is , we may discuss the phenomenon in terms of its departures from the binomial model .
A square inscribed in a curve C means a square with its four corner points on the curve , though it may not lie entirely in the interior of C .
The points may also touch C without crossing .
Each point on C , as a vertex , may possess a finite number of corresponding diagonal points by the above construction .
The graph , as a set , may have a finite number of components .
old rulers may lose their nerve and their sense of direction .
At the same time , we should recognize that the obstacles to change and the lack of cohesion and stability which characterize these countries may make them particularly prone to diversions and external adventures of all sorts .
It may seem to some of them that success can be purchased much less dearly by fishing in the murky waters of international politics than by facing up to the intractable tasks at home .
as part of a larger development effort , however , it may gain wide acceptance .
Particularly when based upon a single dominant party , governments may respond to such a situation by claiming a monopoly of understanding about the national interest .
Convinced of the wisdom of their own actions , and reassured by the promises of their economic development programs , governments may fail to push outward to win more and more people to the national effort , becoming instead more rigid and inflexible in their policies .
At certain critical stages , and only for sound diagnostic reasons , it may be important to accompany family members in their use of these resources if their problem-solving behavior is to be constructive rather than defeating .
For example , the level of improvement noted in a recent experiment with a short course of immediate treatment for parent-child relationship problems compared favorably with the results reported by typical child guidance clinics where the hours spent in purely diagnostic study may equal or exceed the number of hours devoted to actual treatment interviews in the experimental project .
From the evidence `` it may be conjectured that core - core marriages are the preferred unions for core males and females ; ;
Again , size of the group may have some influence on the strength of group controls .
However , because of Church laws , lately more stringently enforced , which forbid the marriage of cousins closely related consanguineously , a means of facilitating the goal of in-group relations may be that of recourse to illegitimate unions .
Communication may be facilitated by means of the high visibility within the larger community .
Confused and divided though this tradition may be , it is an important part of the social and cultural heritage of the group , and acts as a means of socialization , particularly for members of the rural community .
`` Increased boundary maintenance may be achieved , for example , by assigning a higher primacy or evaluation to activities characteristic of the external pattern .
Where boundary maintenance describes the boundaries or limits of the group , systemic linkage is defined `` as the process whereby one or more of the elements of at least two social systems is articulated in such a manner that the two systems in some ways and on some occasions may be viewed as a single unit .
Finally , it may have certain very important , less obvious values .
Even though the registers may have an incomplete record of persons present in a particular area or include persons no longer living there , they contain precise information on ages , by date of birth , for some of the persons present ( especially children in relatively stable communities ) and supplementary information ( such as records of marital status ) for many others .
Furthermore , it may be possible to estimate the error due to bias in method ( as distinguished from sampling error ) in each of these sources , on such subjects as fertility , mortality , and migration during a given interval by using information from two largely independent sources in conjunction .
Some of these speculations may have some merit , others are somewhat ambiguous .
The question may be raised whether or not we are dealing with a common factor in anxiety and compulsivity .
The child with high anxiety may first direct his anxiety-released energy toward achievement , but because his distress severely reduces the abilities of discrimination and memorization of complex symbols , the child may fail in his initial attempts to master the problem .
The individual with high anxiety in the structured classroom may approach the learning task with the same increased energy and lowered powers of discrimination .
As shown earlier , the highly anxious individual may be superior in his memorizing of simple elements .
Some cases in evidence of the use of roleplaying for analysis may help explain the procedure .
We may say that his problem was diagnosed but that he refused treatment .
We may say that his attitude was foolish , since he may have been a success had he learned some human relations skills ; ;
or we may say that his attitude was commendable , showing his independence of mind , in his refusal to adjust to the opinions of others .
Another case may be given in illustration of a successful use of analysis , and also of the employment of a procedure for intensive analysis .
How this was accomplished may be described , since this sometimes is a crucial problem .
The content of his words may lapse back into monotonous repetition , as if a phonograph needle were stuck in one groove ; ;
Thus he may be referring to some concrete thing , or incident , in his immediate environment by some symbolic-sounding , hyperbolic reference to transcendental events on the global scene .
Or , equally often , a concretistic-seeming , particularistic-seeming statement may consist , with its mundane exterior , in a form of poetry -- may be full of meaning and emotion when interpreted as a figurative expression : a metaphor , a smile , an allegory , or some other symbolic mode of speaking .
His subjective experience may be a remarkably concretistic one .
Final adjuncts may or may not have dominant stress .
Is George reads the news emotionally , dominant stress may or may not be on the adjunct emotionally .
Thus in Mary wrote an account of the trip first strong stress on Mary marks Mary as the first in a series of people who wrote accounts of the trip , strong stress on wrote marks the writing as the first of a series of actions of Mary's concerned with an account of her trip ( about which she may later have made speeches , for example ) , and strong stress on trip makes the trip the first of a series of subjects about which Mary wrote accounts .
-- Syllables are linguistic units centering in peaks which are usually vocalic but , as has been noted , are consonantal under certain circumstances , and which may or may not be combined with preceding and/or following consonants or combinations of consonants .
This may both divert the attention of the uninitiate and cause confusion for the more knowledgeable .
With tone , individual differences may be greater than the linguistic contrasts which are superimposed on them .
Pitch differences from one speaker to another , or from one emotional state to another , may far exceed the small differences between tones .
Morphophonemic rules may be thought of as joining certain points in the system .
The possibilities are few , and the total number of rules may be considerably greater .
His objective is merely to determine `` what distinctions of length and syllabicity it may be desirable to make explicit in a Kikuyu orthography '' ( 59 ) .
This may be because the Athabascan divergence began earlier ; ;
This exception may be connected with Hoijer's use of a much higher percentage of verbs : 22% of his total list as against 3.5% in mine .
Or the exception may be due to a particular durability peculiar to the Athabascan verb .
While the particular limits of these groupings may seem artificially arbitrary , they do fairly express a corresponding grouping of more variable material , and they eventuate also in five classes , along a similar scale , containing approximately equal numbers of cases , namely 19 , 14 , 15 , 11 , 12 in Athabascan .
His formula will have to be weighed , may be altered or improved , and it should be tested on additional bodies of material .
Some of this may prove to be true , or even considerable of it , whether by genetic ramification or by diffusion and coalescence .
of acquiring evidential knowledge of what happened in Athabascan , in Yokuts , in Uto-Aztecan in the last few thousand years as well as forecasting what more anciently may have happened between them .
Then the editorial added prophetically : `` how far they may reach in Asia is yet undetermined , but they fall far short of our dreams of the war conferences '' .
King Muhammad 5 , was known to be most sympathetic to the formation of local self-government and made the first firm promise of elections on May Day , 1957 .
They figured prominently in the Balafrej government of May , 1958 , which the King was reportedly determined to keep in office until elections could be held .
The general setting of the Moroccan election may also encourage the deterioration of local party organization .
Since the details of the elections were settled the change of government had no direct effect on the technical aspects of the elections , and may have been more important as an indication of royal displeasure with the U.N.F.P.
The state may decide to encourage local programs by paying half of the cost , or the state may require the local district to bear this half or some part of it .
Transportation may be provided from nearby school districts .
but sometimes arrangements also are made for high school students to attend , and evening extension courses also may be conducted .
A prospective industry also may be interested in the long-run advantages of training programs in the area to supply future skilled workers and provide supplementary extension courses for its employees .
The opportunity exists for states to reserve some of their vocational education funds to apply on an ad hoc flexible basis to subsidize any local preemployment training programs that may be quickly set up in a community to aid a new industrial plant .
A training program in a depressed area may have few enrollees unless there is some apparent prospect for better employment opportunities afterwards , and the prospect may be poor if the training is aimed solely at jobs in the local community .
It quite often happens that campaigns go askew , resulting in a most unflattering deterioration of strong hands into played-out hands , just as a member of a former campaign's `` public '' may emerge flatteringly `` right '' the next time .
Thus while his theory or technique may not be oversubscribed , it is commonplace for bullish and bearish positions to become temporarily over-subscribed .
Though the methods of deciding may be profound and diverse , the possible conclusions remain but two .
It suggests that during the next several months , through the spring of 1961 , the demand for long-term capital funds may be moderately lower and that interest rates may tend to move a little lower , especially the rates on Federal , state , and local bonds , as well as those on publicly offered corporate bonds .
It seems likely , moreover , that with an increase in the rate of saving in mortgage lending institutions , interest rates on residential mortgages may move somewhat lower through the spring of next year , although the increased ease in residential mortgage lending may occur primarily in other terms than interest rate , e.g. , easier downpayment and amortization terms .
Indeed , the failure of home-building as a whole to respond this year to somewhat greater availability of mortgage financing , and the increasing reports of pockets of unsold homes and rising vacancy rates in apartment buildings , may also signal in part that the lush days of big backlog demand for housing are reaching an end .
In a way , we may be witnessing the same thing in the sales of automobiles today as the public no longer is willing to purchase any car coming on the market but is more insistent on compact cars free of the frills which were accepted in the Fifties .
While there may be several such industries to which the model of this paper is applicable , the authors make particular claim of relevance to the explanation of the course of wages and prices in the steel industry of the United States since World War 2 .
In order to focus clearly upon the operation of this one force , which we may call the effect of `` public-limit pricing '' on `` key '' wage bargains , we deliberately simplify the model by abstracting from other forces , such as union power , which may be relevant in an actual situation .
The Mathematical Appendix presents the rigorous argument , but is best read after Part 1 , in order that the assumptions underlying the equations may be explicit .
Thus , if public pressure sets the effective limit to the price that the industry may charge , this pressure is itself a function of the wage rate .
In such circumstances , it may well be to the advantage of the industry to allow an increase in the basic wage rate .
The industry may deliberately take a strike , not to put pressure on the union , but in order to `` educate '' the government and the customers of the industry .
We assume further that the union recognizes the possibility that price-level increases may offset wage-rate increases , and it does not entirely disregard the effect of price increases arising from its own wage increases upon the `` real '' wage rate .
In this model , then , the industry is presumed to realize that they could successfully resist a change in the basic wage rate , but since such a change is the only effective means to raising prices they may , in circumstances to be spelled out in Part 2 , below , find it to their advantage to allow the wage rise .
But they objected vigorously to the proposition that federal courts may refuse to exercise jurisdiction conferred in a valid act of Congress :
It may be noted , parenthetically , that to evade `` desegregation '' an ex-Justice and former southern governor has urged Congress to abolish this reviewing authority .
Justices Frankfurter and Jackson dissented : `` One State may cherish formalities more than another , one State may be more responsive than another to procedural reforms .
The accused did not object to the trial court's charge to the jury that discourse `` may constitute a breach of the peace if it stirs the public to anger , invites dispute , brings about a condition of unrest .
'' For present purposes it may be assumed that this charge so narrowly limited speech as to violate the federal Constitution .
Although it is in some ways comparable to a voluntary sale of assets for cash , to which section 203 quite clearly applies , the courts and Treasury have held that acquiring corporations in several types of non-taxable reorganizations may sue for refund of taxes paid by transferors .
There may be certain items which are quite similar to a net operating loss carryover or operating deficit and whose right to survive a reorganization should perhaps be subject to the conditions applicable to those items .
Simple `` yes '' or `` no '' answers do not reveal the different shades of opinion that the various respondents may have .
A respondent may want to make alternative answers because he does not know the precise circumstances assumed in the question .
Regardless of where personal sympathies may lie as between the parties , failure to recognize these changed conditions would be to ignore the facts of life .
With respect to positions not covered by subparagraph ( 1 ) or ( 2 ) of this paragraph , any individual may be referred to a place of employment in which a labor dispute exists , provided he is given written notice of such dispute prior to or at the time of his referral .
We concluded that we may refer workers to the fieldwork ( but not the packing shed work ) provided we give them written notice of the packing shed dispute .
It is an issue which may well reach the Supreme Court of the United States before judicial finality is achieved .
that is , that if wages , for example , is the only issue in a labor dispute , and no workers have left their jobs because of the dispute , we may continue to make referrals .
How a child feels about himself , about other people , and about the tasks confronting him in school may have as much influence on his success in school as his physical and intellectual characteristics .
However , the teacher who understands the influence of emotions on behavior may be highly influential in helping pupils gain confidence , security , and satisfaction .
The following generalizations about the emotional characteristics of elementary-school children may be helpful .
The causes of retardation and maladjustment may be found in physical factors , such as defective speech or hearing , impaired vision , faulty motor coordination , a frail constitution , chronic disease , malnutrition , and glandular malfunctioning .
They may be caused by poor health habits , such as faulty eating and sleeping habits .
They may be related to mental immaturity or lack of aptitude for certain types of school work .
The curriculum may be too difficult for some and too easy for others .
Teaching methods , learning materials , and promotion policies may inhibit learning and lead to maladjustments for some children .
Unwholesome family relations , broken homes , and undesirable community influences may also be contributing factors .
A vision handicap that may produce nervous tension and reading disability for one child may spur another child on to even greater achievement in reading .
An impoverished home that may discourage one child may constitute the motivation causing another to work harder for successful achievement in school .
Similarly , further desegregation may come from suits pending in three Tennessee cities , Chattanooga , Knoxville , and Memphis .
The sharpest break with tradition , the past and present of `` White Ring Around a Black Core '' , may come with the opening of nearby Montgomery County suburbs to Negro residents and , presumably , the consequent conclusion of some whites that they cannot escape the Negro by fleeing to the suburbs .
In fact , short of fleeing to Warrenton , Virginia , or Rockville , Maryland , white people may have to live with Negroes .
It may be county school board or state school board action , as well as that of municipal school boards .
In fact , in the desegregated school system which may have a good many schools with all-Negro population , how can we assure equal opportunity ? ?
If the above issue is settled by requiring public education for all citizens , Issue No. 6 may be moot .
This conflict may be resolved in a way which will suit white middle-class people better than it suits white lower-class people .
If this happens , there may be some class conflict in the South , with school boards and school teachers taking the middle-class position .
One upward-mobile teacher may be a hard taskmaster for lower-class pupils because she wants them to develop the attitudes and skills that will enable them to climb , while another upward-mobile teacher may be a very permissive person with lower-class pupils because he knows their disadvantages and deprivations at home , and he hopes to encourage them by friendly treatment .
But another cause may lie in the experience of so many new postwar faculty members with their own use of education as a means of social advancement .
They may be unaware of the existence of lower-class values and consequently fail to take them into account .
And this fact may explain some of the disagreements among the experts as to the more rational formulas for the apportionment of total costs among different units of service .
But the practice is likely to be misleading , since it may seem to support a conclusion that , as long as the revenues from any class of service cover the imputed operating expenses plus some return on capital investment , however low , the rates of charge for this service are compensatory .
But our present interest lies in the measurement of costs of service , and only indirectly in rates that may or may not be designed to cover these costs .
These minimum costs may come to $1 per month , more or less , for residential and small commercial customers , although they are substantially higher for large industrial users , who require more costly connections and metering devices .
Merton's functional sociology may have great practical use in the study of different cultures , yet it is perfectly clear , as Nagel ( 1957 : :
The notion of philosophy as Queen Bee may fit well with authoritarian modes of political ideology , but it has been noted that the price of such an imperial notion of philosophy is the frustration and flagellation of the social sciences .
Beyond this , philosophy may urge the social sciences forward by asking the type of question that falls outside the present scope of social inquiry , but within its potential domain of relevance .
To those raised on Marcel's Homo Viator and Heidegger's das Nichtige , this may seem a modest role for philosophy .
Now that this is at odds with our meaning may be shown as follows .
When we repeat the remark that such suffering was a bad thing , the feeling with which we made it last week may be at or near the vanishing point , but if we were asked whether we meant to say what we did before , we should certainly answer Yes .
At the least , however , one may conclude that Geometric potters sensed a logical order ; ;
In the vases this spirit may perhaps at times bore or repel one in its internal self-satisfaction , but the best of the Geometric pins have rightly been considered among the most beautiful ever made in the Greek world .
To interpret , indeed , the era from 1000 to 800 as a period mainly of consolidation may be a necessary but unfortunate defect born of our lack of detailed information ; ;
Since writing was practiced in the Aegean before the end of the century , we may hope that the details of tradition will now be occasionally useful .
On May 19 , a deputy sheriff's posse of eight men left Maxwell City and rode thirty-five miles up the Vermejo where they were joined by Juan Jose Martinez .
Traveling all night , Clark and twelve men arrived at about seven o'clock May 22 .
There the matter stands with the prospect that soon Manchester may be removed from the roster of towns contributing raw sewage to its main streams .
These must have been for local calls strictly , as in May 1900 the `` only long distance telephone '' in town was transferred from C. B. Carleton's to Young's shoe store .
No records are available as to the date or extent of installation , but it may have been in 1896 .
This was nearly completed May 23 , 1901 with a promise of lights by June 10 , but the first light did not go on until September 28 .
In a like sense whatever bits or shreds of previous conceptions one may find in it , Utopian communism remains , as an integral whole , original -- a new thing .
J. Wheaton Smith , editor of the Warren Telegraph stated that `` the ends of justice must be satisfied , a solitary example must be set , in order that all those misnamed philantropists , who , actuated by a blind zeal , dare to instigate riot , treason , and murder , may heed it and shape their future course accordingly '' .
Flatness may now monopolize everything , but it is a flatness become so ambiguous and expanded as to turn into illusion itself -- at least an optical if not , properly speaking , a pictorial illusion .
Less ambitious freeway plans may be more successful -- especially when the roadways and interchanges are raised , allowing for cross access at many points and providing parking areas below the ramp .
The drive along Massachusetts' Route 128 , the by-pass which makes an arc about twenty miles from downtown Boston , may be a vision of the future .
In spreading the factories even farther , the automobile may not have changed to any great extent the growth pattern of the cities .
Just as the suburban factory may be more convenient than the downtown plant to the worker with a car , the trip to the shopping center may seem far easier than to the downtown department store , though both are the same distance from home .
And if the affection for the suburban branch reflects a desire to shop with `` nice people '' , rather than with the indiscriminate urban mass which supports the downtown department store , the central location may be in serious trouble .
If anything may be predicted in the quicksilver world of retailing , it seems likely that the suburban branch will come to dominate children's clothing ( taking the kid downtown is too much of a production ) , household gadgetry and the discount business in big-ticket items .
The descent may be remote , but this is surely the only full-scale example of that vigorous inheritance in the United States .
These may be consulted in the office of the Architect of the Capitol , or the Library of Congress .
It may well be that , when Rudy Pozzatti and I visited your country last spring , you were living and working close to the places we saw and the streets we walked .
Difficult as it may have been at times , Pozzatti and I saw enough , talked to enough artists , historians and others to realize that the issue is quite clear .
By themselves they may not be able to save the life on this planet , but without them there would be very little left worth saving .
But certainly , all will agree that it is not so much the knowledge and search for similarities between you and us , but rather the thoughtful exploration and acceptance of our differences which may lead us to our respective and desired goals with a minimum of misunderstanding .
Until such work is done , there must remain the nagging suspicion that alienation may be little more than an expression of the malaise of the intellectual , who , rejected by and in turn rejecting the larger society , projects his own fear and despair onto the broader social screen .
Whatever learning they may have had in their order doesn't disturb them now .
The dated poems suggest that while Hardy's concern with poetry may have been constant , his production was not .
It may seem strange that a poet should come to full fruition in his seventies , but we have it on Hardy's own authority that `` he was a child till he was sixteen , a youth till he was five-and-twenty , and a young man till he was nearly fifty '' ( Early Life , p. 42 ) .
We may carry this sequence one step further and say that at seventy he was a poet at the height of his powers , wanting only the impetus of two tragedies , one personal , the other national , to loose those powers in poetry .
Art may have been for him the most enduring , orderly , and noble activity of man .
He may have been eccentric in his behavior , but his paintings are as impassive as Persian tiles .
The aesthetic appeal of pure paint laid on at random may exist , but it is a very impoverished appeal .
The poet in a written tradition who generally never blots a line may once in a while pause and polish without incurring blame .
Any example of grand or exquisite diction may have been created by the poet who compiled numerous lays into the two works we possess or may be due to one of his completely unknown fellow-craftsmen .
no strikingly effective element of speech in the extant poems can with assurance be said not to have been a commonplace in the vaster epic corpus that may have existed at the beginning of the first millennium before Christ .
This observation too may have reference to Anglo-Saxon poetry .
Yet , if the argument is turned awry , there may be found a great deal in Bryan's view , after all .
Time-servers , though the periphrastic expressions are , they may nevertheless be handsome or ironic or humorous .
in an oral tradition they may be chosen for the entire epic corpus , and tend towards idealization rather than distinctive delineation .
Achilles , like Siegfried in The Nibelungenlied , is potentially the swiftest of men and may accordingly be called swift-footed even when he stands idle .
Albert B. Lord suggests that the Homeric poems were dictated to a scribe by a minstrel who held in his mind the poems fully matured but did not himself possess the knowledge of writing since it would be useless to his guild , and Magoun argues that the Beowulf poet and Cynewulf may have dictated their verse in the same fashion .
If Cynewulf was literate , the Beowulf poet may have been also , and so may the final redactor of The Iliad and The Odyssey .
In lieu of the amanuensis to the blind or illiterate bard , one may conceive of a man who heard a vast store of oral poetry recited , and became intimately familiar with the established aids to poetizing , and himself wrote his own compositions or his edition of the compositions of the past .
Other theories of origin are compatible with the formulaic theory : Beowulf may contain a design for terror , and The Iliad may have a vast hysteron-proteron pattern answering to a ceramic pattern produced during the Geometric Period in pottery .
Magwitch terrifies Pip into stealing a pork pie for him by creating the image in the boy's imagination of a bogy man who may `` softly creep his way to him and tear him open '' , `` imbruing his hands '' in him .
We first see him shaking Mrs. Joe's hand on discovering the sizable amount of the premium paid to her husband for Pip's indenture as an apprentice and later pumping Pip's hands `` for the hundredth time at least '' ( `` May I -- may I -- '' ? ?
The following items may be specified in actual or symbolic form in the operands of those instructions which refer to the particular items : channel , unit , combined channel and unit , combined arm and file , unit record synchronizers , inquiry synchronizers , and alteration switches .
Certain Autocoder statements make provision for more parameters than may be contained in the operand ( columns 21 - 75 ) of a single line on the Autocoder coding sheet .
When this is the case , the appropriate section of this manual will indicate that `` Continuation Cards '' may be used .
Thus , when specifically permitted , the operand of a given line on the Autocoder coding sheet may be continued in the operand of from one to four additional lines which immediately follow .
The operand need not extend across the entire operand column of either the header card or continuation cards but may end with the comma following any parameter .
Remarks may appear to the right of the last parameter on each card provided they are separated from the operand by at least two blank spaces .
The initial setting of this table may be altered , however , as described in the 7070/7074 Data Processing System Bulletin `` IBM 7070/7074 Compiler System : Operating Procedure '' , form Aj .
Both index words and electronic switches may have been made unavailable before the start of assignment in one of the following ways .
Index words and electronic switches may be reserved in the following ways .
Otherwise , symbolic names may have previously been assigned to these same index words .
Extreme caution should be used , however , to avoid the conflicting usage of an index word or electronic switch which may result from the assignment of more than one name or function to the same address .
The resultant conflicting usage of index words or electronic switches may be avoided by reducing the number of symbolic names used , e.g. , through the proper use of the EQU , XRELEASE , or SRELEASE statements .
also , index words 93 through 96 may have been made unavailable for assignment .
In some cases , it may be more advantageous to assign locations to RDWS associated with DA and DC areas in some other part of storage , i.e. , not immediately preceding the DA or DC areas .
The DRDW statement may be used for this purpose .
The DRDW statement may also be used to generate an RDW defining any area specified by the programmer .
As many as ten digital switches may be named and provided by the DSW statement for consideration by the SETSW and logic macro-instructions .
An individual switch or the entire set of switches in a word may be tested or altered as desired .
The area may include constant information supplied by the programmer .
The area may also be provided with additional data during the running of the object program by means of EDMOV or move macro-instructions .
it may be omitted .
This item may be a symbolic name or an actual one-digit or two-digit index word address in the range 3 - 94 .
This item may be a symbolic name or an actual one-digit or two-digit index word address in the range 3 - 94 .
Other countries which may willingly or unwillingly become Communist can furnish bases .
In transit or on station , it may not be possible to attack the submarines until commission of an overt act .
There may be others .
Nickel-iron meteorites with sufficient kinetic energy to produce large terrestrial explosion craters may nevertheless melt only small quantities of material .
When rapid quenching follows melting , impact glasses may result .
Impact glasses not containing elemental nickel-iron may have been produced by stony meteorites or comets .
Recent work with radiocarbon and deuterated alcohols as solvents , however , has given evidence that metal-hydrido and carbonyl complexes may be readily formed by reaction with alcohol in some of these systems .
Future editions may be more critical .
for example , gamma rays give deeper penetration but cannot be focused or collimated , whereas unidirectional electron beams may be split and directed to both the top and bottom of the food package to be irradiated .
As the coating becomes thicker , the cutting may abruptly change to a cracking type of failure .
If the force required to remove the coatings is plotted against film thickness , a graph as illustrated schematically in Fig. 5 may characteristically result .
In extreme cases of very soft knives this value may even change during the course of a measurement .
Although a large number of coatings systems , particularly at low thicknesses fail cohesively by the cutting mechanism , frequently a second type of cohesive failure may also take place .
by 1965 , production may range from 200 to 350 million lb. for flexible and from 115 to 150 million lb. for rigid .
It is possible that the polyether foams may soon be molded on a production basis in low-cost molds with more intricate contours and with superior properties to latex foam .
By varying the formula , this curve may be moved forward or backward along the coordinates to produce any desired compression strength / density ratio .
Evaluation may be made on either a soil-removal or a grease-removal basis as desired .
A reflectance-measuring instrument may be desirable to measure cleaning , whereas Soxhlet extraction is necessary to measure grease removal .
A domestic automatic washer that will give equivalent results may be used .
Any flat-bed press capable of pressing a specimen 22 inches square may be used as an alternative .
Fabrics that are badly distorted in their unlaundered state due to faulty finishing may give deceptive dimensional change results when laundered by any procedure .
The distances may be marked with indelible ink and a fine-point pen , by sewing fine threads into the fabric , or by a specially designed stamping machine .
High-gain photoelectronic image intensification may be achieved by several methods ; ;
These tubes may differ both in the choice of the electron optical system and in the design of the coupling members .
The electron optical system may be either a magnetic or electrostatic one .
The magnification may be smaller , equal , or larger than unity .
This value may be reduced to 4.6 percent by means of a ( very thin ) glass layer of index 1.5 .
Since we are considering here relatively small diameter ( 1 - 1.5 inches ) fiber plates , their average thickness can be kept below 1/4 inch and their internal losses may be assumed as 15 percent ( per plate ) .
It has been stated that settled cathodoluminescent phosphor screens may have a limiting resolution of 60 Af at high voltage values of approximately 20 Aj .
He recognized that whatever transformation may be effected in the first stage of an R-stage process , the remaining stages must use an optimal Af-stage policy with respect to the state resulting from the first stage , if there is to be any chance of optimizing the complete process .
Proceeding in this way , from one to two and from two to three stages , we may gradually build up the policy for any number .
The policy may not be unique but the maximum value of P certainly is , and once the policy is specified this maximum can be calculated by ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) as a function of the feed state Af .
When Af has been found it may be transferred into the storage location of Af and the whole calculation repeated .
We also see how the results may be presented , although if n , the number of state variables , is large any tabulation will become cumbersome .
A table or set of tables may be set out as in Table 2.1 .
Since by the principle of optimality the remaining stages use an optimal Af-stage policy with respect to Af , we may enter section Af of the table at this state Af and read off the optimal policy for stage Af and the resulting state Af .
It may be that the objective function depends not only on Af but also on Af , as when the cost of the operating policy is considered .
This sequence of equations may be started with the remark that with no process Af there is no profit , i.e. , Af .
For a single stage we may define Af where the maximization is by choice of Af .
The type of presentation of results used in the deterministic process may be used here , except that now the fourth column is redundant .
it may in fact be the time that will elapse before the end of the process .
If T is the total `` length '' of the process , its feed state may be denoted by a vector p(T) and the product state by p(Q) .
If he had had a son , he would tell him , `` Gather ye rosebuds while ye may This same flower that smiles today tomorrow will be dying '' .
It may appear that we were cruel and callous , but no one had time to spend sympathizing with poor Isaac -- except the Reverend .
And in any case , answers may clarify but they do not change anything .
Now Pat may have been a lecher and a plugugly , but he was a good churchgoing Catholic and he loved his little sister .
On Thursday evening we may go out of town together by some stage or mail about the distance of ten or twelve miles .
At the same time another child -- this one of Shelley's brain -- was given to the world : Alastor , a poem of pervading beauty in which the reader may gaze into the still depths of a fine mind's musings .
If my pass is approved , I may be a half hour .
You may stay as long as you wish , of course , but if arranging for the care of the girls must take time into account , I think a day or two should be enough to finish our business in '' .
Seems like she's willing , but the male just flops around all day like the bashful boy who took Jeannie May behind the barn and then didn't know what to do , and the people at the zoo haven't got any vulture chicks to show for their trouble .
And the dogwood in early May , for Miss Ada's alfresco party ; ;
We would attend a film and , later on , I stated , we might go to the Mayflower Coffee Shop or Child's or Toffenetti's for waffles .
`` There may not be any women left '' , I said .
Perhaps it was Dora May .
I may be wrong .
The editor says that marriages may be made in heaven , but weddings are made in Mrs. Calhoun's columns .
He found it in the edition of May 15 .
You still have your paper hat and you're wearing it , but then , it is an extraordinary paper hat and , in addition to anything else you may be , you are also the sculptor who created that most peculiar dame out in the back yard .
You may think we didn't need Nancy and Jean , but you always get what you can when you can , and we had no guarantee that a fingerprint record on them couldn't be useful before we were through with this case .
He may try to phone us '' .
( Anyone active enough can reach a roof , wherever his room may be .
Ambushes are laid by those who doubt themselves , as any man may against a tiger .
`` I might point out that your inability to report to my office this morning when you were instructed to do so has not ah limited my knowledge of your activities as you may have hoped '' .
`` Still , they may not want to rent it '' .
`` There's always a chance they may have overlooked something '' , returned the chief .
There is an inwardness and a luster to old furniture ( look at that mahogany highboy behind you ) which has a provocative emanation , if I may say so .
You may say this has little pertinence , but , gentlemen , remember that all this prepared my mind , alerted my intelligence .
`` Though that does not mean that there may not be such records there .
You may reclaim your property , and the penalty on Hesperus is lifted .
Hesperus , you may speak '' .
You may not be responsible '' .
We may take her with us -- to California .
`` Just befoh he left foh his academeh we wuh hevin dack-rihs on the vuhranduh , Major Roebuck an Ah , an Huhmun says ' May Ah hev one too ' ? ?
`` You may have seen me on TV '' , she said .
It was really a May and December combination .
The body may have been two or three weeks' dead .
Something was beginning to stir and come alive in her , too ( it may have been there for a good while , since she was twenty now ; ;
`` The accommodations may not be the poshest , but man ! !
He may not rise to the heights , but he can get by , and eventually be retired .
Then we have informed a large number of our crew that when they reach the United States , they will be punished but that in the meanwhile , they may run loose and are expected to perform their jobs in good order .
A great deal of labor we have as well , for we are too uncertain of where trust may be placed '' .
He said , `` Captain , may I speak , please ? ?
He said , `` That may be , but it isn't authentic the way readers think .
It may have been true for all I know , because his glasses were like the bottoms of milk bottles , but it didn't prevent the paintings from being exciting .
Besides , it's important to the way a painter thinks that he should move in a certain atmosphere , an atmosphere in which he may absorb the ideas of other masters , as Durer went to Italy to meet Bellini and Mantegna '' .
Like Willie Mays in the outfield .
Though that may be unfair since Ben Cooper , John's first son , came along early in 1938 , the cutest baby you ever saw and a blessing that he looked all Cooper from fontanel to pink toes , nary a trace of Edythe .
`` Things may smooth over yet '' , Chris said , his nice lean face grave with honest concern .
I may settle on some makeshift arrangements for the summer and wait until you return in the fall so we can work out together the best .
The only thing , this lotion has glycerin in it , and that whitens the skin , so if you're so anxious to get a tan , you may not want to use it '' .
The effect on the intellectuals among his audience may well be imagined .
I tried my hardest , with little help , may I say , from my husband and leading man , but somehow the outside pressures were too severe .
`` Mr. Jones , you may recall that we printed last week your denial of having retracted the contradiction of your original statement .
The obscurity of politicians may not always be as innocent as it looks .
`` I may be back '' , he explained , `` and then again , I may not '' .
It seems to me that the first human being to reach one of these planets may well learn what it is to be a truly great and noble species '' .
Since the latter obviously require an audacity you do not possess , you may perhaps suppose that I am taunting you as socially inferior .
We may ask questions as you go along , or we may wait until the end . ''
At Polaroid , the Personnel Policy Planning Committee may hear only about 20 cases a year ; the rest of the many hundreds of complaints are resolved at earlier stages .
At Citicorp , the Problem Review Board may hear only 12 or so cases because of personnel 's skill in complaint-resolution .
Interest may remain limited into tomorrow 's U.K. trade figures , which the market will be watching closely to see if there is any improvement after disappointing numbers in the previous two months .
Although the notification guideline was n't carried out in this month 's coup attempt , some administration officials argue that it may have led to hesitation and uncertainty on the part of U.S. intelligence and military operatives in Panama .
One senior administration official called the guideline `` outrageous '' and said it could make U.S. operatives reluctant to even listen to coup plans for fear they may get into legal trouble .
The three men agreed to rewrite the guidelines , without changing the basic assassination ban , to clear up any ambiguities that may have hampered U.S. encouragement of coups against anti-American leaders .
In May , Mr. Brierley 's stake shrank to 8.7 % after ranging between 9 % and 11 % for much of the previous year .
It may not be toxic , but we know where one waste dump is .
Bankers say , however , that the government may have difficulty selling the institution even without a floor price .
Mr. Garcia acknowledges the problem and says the Asset Trust will study why the bidding failed and what changes the agency may be able to offer .
Although the pilots are expected to continue to pursue the bid , UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf may be asked to withdraw from the buy-out effort , at least temporarily , and to return to running the company full time .
Speculation has also arisen that the UAL executive most closely identified with the failure to gain bank financing , chief financial officer John Pope , may come under pressure to resign .
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , Lep Group said a possible course of action may include acquiring some or all of the Profit Systems shares it does n't already own .
He may sell more shares in the open market or in private transactions , but would n't rule out changing his intentions and buying shares , the filing said .
Scientists have isolated a molecule that may hold potential as a treatment for disruptions of the immune system , ranging from organ-transplant rejection , to allergies and asthma , Immunex Corp. said .
Barbara Donovan , an expert on East Germany at Radio Free Europe in Munich , says Mr. Krenz may project a smooth image , but she doubts he 's a true reformer .
Meanwhile , East Germany 's growing openness may even allow the state-controlled news media to display a muted sense of humor .
This was in contrast with the society 's meeting last May , at the height of the controversy , when more than 1,500 scientists , along with scores of reporters and TV crews , crowded into a Los Angeles hotel ballroom for a tumultuous special night session on the subject .
Mr. Junkins was n't optimistic about the short-term outlook , hinting that further workforce reductions may be needed .
Friday 's 44-cent-a-barrel price drop to $ 19.98 in the expiring November contract for West Texas Intermediate crude may well set the tone for trading this week in petroleum futures on the New York Mercantile Exchange .
Investors do this by specifying a minimum price at which the investment may be sold or the maximum price that may be paid for it .
One risk : Investors may regret the restriction if the stock reaches 54 and then falls .
Unless the market goes at least one tick -LRB- the smallest price increment permitted -RRB- beyond the limit price , investors are n't assured of having their orders filled because there may not be sufficient trading volume to permit filling it at the specified price .
An investor who may have placed a stop-loss order at $ 90 under a stock that was trading at $ 100 a share on the Friday before the crash was stunned to discover that the order was filled at $ 75 when the stock opened at that price on Monday .
Investors who wish to be out of a position , without the risk of receiving a worse-than-expected price from a market order , may use this type of order to specify the price at which the order must be filled .
But if the market moves quickly enough , it may be impossible for the broker to carry out the order because the investment has passed the specified price .
But investors who are preoccupied with short-term fluctuations may be paying too little attention to another big risk -- not generating enough money to meet long-term financial and life-style goals .
By retreating to the apparent security of , say , money-market funds , investors may not be earning enough investment return to pay for a comfortable retirement .
`` They may feel emotionally secure now because they are not heavily in the stock market , '' says John H. Cammack , a financial planner with Alexandra Armstrong Advisors Inc. in Washington .
`` But they may pay a price 10 or 20 years in the future . ''
And returns on cash investments may continue to exceed inflation by a wider margin than they did over the long-term past .
Your priorities may be different , but here in Figure 2 is where I 've chosen to build for the future : personal space ; automotive pursuits ; children 's toys ; gardening equipment , bulbs and shrubs ; and finally , entertainment , perhaps the best investment of all .
That may be because Mr. Gargan , smarting at what he considered slurs on his membership standards made by the rival group , enrolled his dog , Beauregard , as a member of the IAFP .
Help may be on the way .
The prepaid plans may be a good bet , provided the guarantee of future tuition is secure .
The issue here may be the soundness of the guarantee .
Federal and state tax enforcers develop many group targets for investigation , on the basis of occupation , high income , type of income , or some other characteristic that may signal an opportunity or tendency to hide income or exaggerate deductions .
The number of misclassified workers may be in the millions , mostly paid by small firms .
But what we may not know is just what makes somebody a sucker .
At times , salesmen may embellish the inside information with `` the notion that this is some slightly shady , slightly illegal investment the person is being included in , '' says Mr. Cunningham .
For instance , salesmen may counter a man 's objection that he wants to discuss an investment with his wife by asking , `` Who wears the pants in your family ? ''
Or an investor who wants his accountant 's advice may be told , `` You seem like a guy who can make up his own mind . ''
People may be particularly vulnerable to flim-flam pitches when they are in the midst of a major upheaval in their lives .
`` They may be susceptible to some song and dance if it hits them at the right time . ''
It may also stipulate that the insured must pass another medical exam before renewal ; if you flunk -- which means you need insurance more than ever -- you may not be able to buy it .
So term insurance may not be as cheap as it looks .
If interest rates plunge , the insurer may be knocking on my door , asking for steeper premium payments to maintain the same amount of protection .
Takeover enthusiasm may have been renewed when an investor group disclosed yesterday that it had obtained all the financing required to complete its $ 1.6 billion leveraged buy-out of American Medical International .
A new Gallup Poll study commissioned by the New York Business Group on Health , found that a full 25 % of the work force at companies may suffer from anxiety disorders or a stress-related illness , with about 13 % suffering from depression .
Although Dr. Warshaw points out that stress and anxiety have their positive uses , `` stress perceived to be threatening implies a component of fear and anxiety that may contribute to burnout . ''
One of the best deals , though , may mean skipping Christmas dinner with the relatives .
IF CONTINENTAL Airlines has its way , couples like Marlo Thomas and Phil Donahue may find it a hassle to qualify for some new discounts .
Besides adding to sales , leathers also attract retailers who may buy furs later , he adds .
Four workers at GTE Corp. 's headquarters have been diagnosed as having hepatitis , and city health officials are investigating whether a cafeteria worker may have exposed hundreds of other GTE employees to the viral infection , company and city officials said .
The Murray Hill , N.J. , company said full-year earnings may be off 33 cents a share because the company removed a catheter from the market .
Takeover speculation , which has been buoying stocks of supply houses , may also ease , says Peter Sidoti , an analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .
The figure also may reflect initial claims filed by striking Nynex Corp. workers who have become eligible for unemployment benefits , the official said .
Here a fund may promise to pay back , say , $ 95 of every $ 100 invested for a year , even if the market goes much lower .
Fluctuation in short interest of certain stocks also may be caused partly by arbitraging .
Although you may have forgotten , public opinion about Gen. Noriega is where it is in large measure because of my investigation of his years of involvement in narcotics smuggling -LRB- and simultaneous work as a U.S. operative -RRB- .
The lyric chosen -- `` long strange night '' -- may be an apt footnote to television spots by both candidates intended to portray each other as a liar .
Bond prices also jumped as traders appeared to read the data as a sign that interest rates may fall .
For one thing , it may be tough to attract people because skiing is still expensive : a lift ticket can cost up to $ 35 a day and equipment prices are rising .
It may seem trivial to worry about the World Series amid the destruction to the Bay Area wrought by Tuesday 's quake , but the name of this column is `` On Sports , '' so I feel obliged to do so .
But the UAL collapse , he says , `` may tell you it 's not going to work that easily . ''
Mark Solow , senior managing director at Manufacturers Hanover Trust Co. , says the falloff in junk bonds may yet open new business opportunities to banks in structuring takeovers .
The Glazer group said in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing in early October that it may seek a controlling interest in Harley-Davidson , or seek representation on the company 's board .
As a result , while any one customer may purchase immediacy by selling to a market maker -LRB- which is micro-liquidity for the investor -RRB- , the market as a whole remains in the same circumstances it was before the transaction : The unwanted position is still an unwanted position ; only the identity of the seller has changed .
Some may have forgotten -- and some younger ones may never have experienced -- what it 's like to invest during a recession .
But that may not be possible , because recessions often take investors by surprise .
Portfolio managers say sweeteners like equity kickers and stricter protective covenants may increasingly be required to sell junk-bond deals .
While Remic issuance may slow in the coming days because of the shift in the Treasury yield curve , underwriters continued to crank out new real estate mortgage investment conduits structured when the yield curve was more favorable .
It may be straightforward -- he wants money for food -- or incredibly convoluted ; his sister is at this very moment near death in Hoboken , he has lost his wallet and has only $ 1.22 in change to put toward a bus ticket costing $ 3.83 , and wo n't you give him the difference ?
What it does n't say is that the entire `` campaign '' may be the fund-raising letter itself .
I think some people may believe they 're helping fund a massive TV and print campaign , but we could n't find that the charity does anything except write these letters , '' he says .
British Airways may have begun to have second thoughts about the transaction after the Transportation Department forced Northwest 's Airlines ' new owners to restructure the equity contribution of KLM Royal Dutch Airlines in that carrier .
UAL 's advisers have indicated previously that it may take a while to come forward with a revised plan since they want to have firm bank commitments before launching a new bid .
The June increase compared with a rise of 10.5 % in May from a year earlier .
`` I may want to offer additional amendments to improve it when the bill comes to the floor , '' said Sen. David Boren -LRB- D. , Okla. -RRB- , a leader of those Democrats .
When something undeniably nasty happens , a few euphemisms are deployed to simply make it disappear , much as a fresh grave may be covered by a blanket of flowers .
The transmogrified brokers never let the C-word cross their lips , instead stressing such terms as `` safe , '' `` insured '' and `` guaranteed '' -- even though these terms may be severely limited in their application to a particular new financial product .
Getting out of them , however , may be a different story now .
And do n't expect anyone to change the term `` blue chip , '' either , even though some of the companies that still enjoy the title may be riskier investments than they were .
But though `` people in town may ask why Guber needs Peters , it 's good to have a partner , and obviously the chemistry works , '' says Steven Tisch , a producer who once worked for Mr. Guber .
Last May , he sold his 24 % stake in Barris to a passive Australian investor and Barris was renamed Guber Peters Entertainment Co .
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters refuse to concede that they may have made a tactical error in accepting the Sony offer before taking it up with Warner .
The concept may be simple : Take a bunch of loans , tie them up in one neat package , and sell pieces of the package to investors .
But the simplicity may be misleading .
Investors , for instance , may mistakenly assume that the bank or company that originally held the assets is guaranteeing the securities .
At a time when Americans are leveraged to their eyeballs , asset-backed investors may be taking a heady gamble that consumers will be able to repay loans in hard times .
It `` may well be '' that theft of business data is `` as serious a strategic threat to national security '' as it is a threat to the survival of victimized U.S. firms , said Michelle Van Cleave , the White House 's assistant director for National Security Affairs .
Even though electronic espionage may cost U.S. firms billions of dollars a year , most are n't yet taking precautions , the experts said .
Investors who received Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. 's latest stock commentary may be left with blank expressions .
But with industrial growth stagnant and inflation showing signs of easing , some voices may call for measures to pump new life into the economy .
`` It may not be weeks or months , but they are also opportunistic and if they feel comfortable , they will move on a deal , '' he said .
Gasoline margins may rebound this quarter , some industry officials say , but they believe chemical margins could worsen .
Stores in a state of confusion are likely to fare poorly , and to lose customers to stable chains such as Limited Inc. , May Department Stores Co. and Dillard Department Stores Inc. , which should do well .
I 've revised it several times and I think I may say with pride that there is not a single discordant word in the whole text . ''
Perhaps its loud signal may generate some awareness of the Soviet condominium being created in the isthmus thanks to U.S. default .
But in the light of events in Panama , where the U.S. has such clear strategic interests , waiting for the Delta Force may prove to be a dangerous gambit .
Although such a venture would n't match the `` fourth network '' created by News Corp. 's Fox Broadcasting Co. , MCA and Paramount may have similar ambitions .
B.A.T said it may make more equity purchases until the close of business today , depending on market conditions , but will cease further purchases until Nov. 22 , when it releases third-quarter results .
Steel jackets of a type that may have prevented collapse of the columns of a 1.5-mile stretch of the Nimitz Freeway had been installed on at least a small test section of the double-decker highway last year by California 's Department of Transportation , employees familiar with the project say .
Moreover , other officials noted , snafus in transportation funding that the state has experienced over the years may have restricted the availability of funds for such a retrofitting , even if it were technologically feasible .
The employees also said the project may have been snagged by budgetary concerns .
But the Supreme Court 's opening of debate may have changed even that .
Though Democrats can gloat at all this for now , they may want to contain their glee .
The market 's wild week may speed along the market-reform legislation that has been pending for months in the aftermath of the 1987 crash .
It may also expedite the SEC 's modest pending changes in junk-bond disclosure rules and intensify the Treasury 's look at plans for giving new tax breaks on dividends and raising taxes on short-term trades by pension funds .
Meanwhile , some U.S. officials fear PLO chief Arafat is getting cold feet and may back off from his recent moderation and renunciation of terrorism .
The company , which went public in May , intends to pay dividends from available cash flow ; the amount may vary from quarter to quarter .
The increasing likelihood that Cananea and Highland Valley will soon return to production may have cut some of that purchasing , but even if any of these mines begin operating soon , their output wo n't be significant until at least the end of the year , analysts note .
So , one analyst said , even though the long-term production problems may be easing , there will still be a significant need for copper over the next three months , when inventories will remain relatively low .
Melvin Belli 's San Francisco law offices may have been the epicenter of legal activity after Tuesday 's earthquake .
But lawyers looking to cash in on the quake may have a tough time once their cases reach a judge .
`` It may depend on whether there was an express or implied promise ... that the federal officials would not negligently cause the deterioration '' of Independent American , the court wrote .
A simple economic theory may provide at least a partial explanation for the split personality displayed by Americans in the voting booth .
Although a GOP president may limit local benefits to the voter 's particular district\/state , such a president is also likely to be more effective at preventing other districts\/states and their legislators from bringing home the local benefits .
Fourth , the theory indicates why the Republican Party may have a difficult time attracting viable candidates for congressional office .
Potential candidates may be discouraged from running less by the congressional salary than by the prospect of defeat at the hands of a Democratic opponent .
Fifth , the theory may provide at least a partial reason for why ticket splitting has been particularly pronounced in the South .
In sum , at both the federal and state government levels at least part of the seemingly irrational behavior voters display in the voting booth may have an exceedingly rational explanation .
Ford trucks may outsell Chevy trucks in places like `` Connecticut and Long Island , '' sniffs a commercial for Chevrolet , a division of General Motors Corp .
It says it may pull its clients ' ads from those magazines .
The debentures may be converted into common stock of the Westborough , Mass. , home health care concern at $ 52.50 a share .
The reversal came after the government conceded that investigators may have faked evidence .
Construction of the 34-floor building will begin next May and should be completed in April 1992 .
Instead , Chrysler officials in late May slapped $ 1,000 cash rebates on the vehicles , including the first such incentives on the popular four-door Cherokee since Chrysler bought Jeep in 1987 .
The company said it may install additional processing units at the refinery to produce higher octane gasolines and other products .
HealthVest said two of its lenders have given it notices of default on bank loans and said they may take actions to recover their loans .
The pillars of apartheid may be trembling in the rest of South Africa , with Johannesburg opening its public facilities to all races , blacks storming the all-white beaches of the Cape and the government releasing seven leaders of the banned African National Congress .
This may seem to be a preposterous and utterly futile effort in Africa .
And the fact that there are only 3,000 card-carrying Orange Workers may put them on the loony fringe .
And even those who say some selective selling may be in order stress that individuals need to be in the stock market to achieve their long-term investment objectives and to help balance their other assets .
An earnings disappointment may reflect a situation that 's short-term .
Still , consultants and industry executives said the products could help make manufacturing operations more efficient , and provide a boost to the computer-integrated-manufacturing market -- a market that Yankee Group , a research firm , has said may double to $ 40 billion by 1993 .
Erik Keller , a Gartner Group analyst , said organizational changes may still be required to really take advantage of CIM 's capabilities -- someone on the shop floor may not like having someone in an office using a personal computer to look over his shoulder , for instance , and may be able to prevent that from happening .
That can be expensive , because the problem may not be noticed for a while , and the sheets are typically thrown away .
In May 1987 , Ford began importing the Scorpio sedan from West Germany to sell next to a redesigned XR4Ti in showrooms .
However , if the secretary concludes that a transaction has made a carrier unfit to operate , the department may revoke its certificate , grounding the airline .
Mr. Regalia said the industry may be reluctant to step up building at the moment for fear the inventories of unsold homes will increase again .
Another reason for the weakness , he said , may be that mortgage rates have hit a plateau since they began edging down after a peak in March .
In May , the government unveiled new foreign investment regulations that create special trusts allowing foreigners , long limited to a 40 % stake in secondary petrochemical companies , to own up to 100 % .
Since then , UAL stock has fallen 33 % in what may rank as the largest collapse of a takeover stock ever .
But the Pennsylvania measure also includes an `` informed consent '' provision that may become widely imitated by abortion foes who want to make women contemplating abortion as uncomfortable as possible with the procedure and with themselves .
But proponents believe they may be able to shake enough votes loose to override the veto if they are successful in portraying the legislation as a matter of parents ' rights .
The legislation failed by one vote to clear the House Rules Committee Tuesday , but anti-abortionists still may succeed in bringing the measure to the floor this fall .
B.A.T Industries PLC may delay aspects of its defensive restructuring plan -- including the sale of its Saks Fifth Avenue and Marshall Field units -- in the wake of the current upheaval in financial markets , company officials said .
Even if B.A.T receives approval for the restructuring , the company will remain in play , say shareholders and analysts , though the situation may unfold over the next 12 months , rather than six .
The new B.A.T will be a smaller tobacco and financial-services hybrid whose price-earnings ratio may more closely reflect the lower-growth tobacco business than the higher-multiple financial-services business , these holders believe .
Thus B.A.T 's restructuring may only make the company a more manageable target for other corporate predators -- possibly such acquisitive bidders as Hanson PLC .
Among possible delays , the sales of Saks and Marshall Field -- which were expected to be on the block soon after the crucial Christmas season -- may slide into the second quarter or second half .
Other potential bidders for parts of B.A.T 's U.S. retail unit include Dillard Department Stores Inc. , May Department Stores Co. and Limited Inc .
Getting to and from the airport in coming weeks may be the problem , however .
In terms of diversions , Denver 's Stapleton International may have experienced the most far-flung : A United flight from Japan was rerouted there .
As that system grows , larger computers may be needed .
Digital 's failure to deliver a true mainframe-class machine before now may have cost the company as much as $ 1 billion in revenue in fiscal 1989 , Mr. Willman says .
If all goes well , it will parachute a probe into the dense Jovian atmosphere in July 1995 to pick up detailed data about gases that may be similar to the material from which the solar system was formed 4.6 billion years ago .
Jupiter is so enormous -- its mass is 318 times that of Earth -- that its gravity may have trapped these primordial gases and never let them escape .
Investigating Jupiter in detail may provide clues to what astronomer Tobias Owen calls the `` cosmic paradox '' of life : Jupiter and other bodies in the outer solar system are rich in elements such as hydrogen that are essential for life on Earth , but these planets are lifeless ; Earth , on the other hand , has a diminished store of such material but is rich in life .
Some scientists have suggested that comets and asteroids may have brought enough of this kind of material from the outer solar system to Earth to spawn life .
The photos showed active geysers on Io spewing sulfurous material 190 miles into its atmosphere and indicated that Europa may have an ocean hidden under a thick sheet of ice .
Galileo 's photos of Europa will be more than 1,000 times as sharp as Voyager 's , according to Torrence Johnson , Galileo 's project scientist , and may show whether it actually has the only known ocean other than those on Earth .
`` The report provides detailed documentation of the extent and nature of the problem and indicates how we may want to shape solutions , '' said Joseph Genova , chairman of the committee that oversaw the survey and a partner at the law firm of Milbank , Tweed , Hadley & McCloy .
Mr. Genova said the committee may meet to propose solutions to the problems identified in the study .
For example , if a company posted a loss of $ 100 million from buy-out interest payments , the existing rule would allow the concern to be able to receive a refund from the tax it paid from 1986 through 1989 , when it may have been a profitable public company .
`` The pigs in the trough may have to give a little bit of the slop back and then the deal can go through , '' said Peter C. Canellos , tax partner at Wachtell , Lipton , Rosen & Katz .
Mr. Clanahan says FEMA now possibly may have the heaviest caseload in its history .
Additional housing vouchers and certificates will be made available , officials said , and some housing and community-development funds may be shifted from other programs or made available for emergency use .
Next year may see a drop of one percentage point .
Lower feed prices may help animals eat more cheaply , but humans have to factor in an expensive middleman : the processor .
`` Such determination may translate into extreme physical , emotional and financial costs , '' the letter warns .
But the utility may not continue next year .
He says the handful of salmonella cases involving products that may have used eggs broken by an Egg King stemmed from a failure to adequately cook the products .
But on the evidence of `` The Fabulous Baker Boys , '' that may be the only thing she ca n't do , at least when she 's acting in movies .
The merged agency 's game plan to attract multinational packaged-goods advertisers may prove equally difficult .
DDB Needham 's office building may have sustained structural damage , the spokesman added .
The resolution also comes at a time when Turkey has been seeking help from the United States in resolving its Bulgarian emigration controversy and pursuing democratic reforms that may lead to membership in the European Community .
Capitalism may now be engineered to withstand sudden shocks , but there are fault lines -- the crisis in profits , the assault on wages , the structural inequity of the system -- that make fools of those who claim that the future is here and that history is over .
Mr. Peters , a LaSalle Street legend among the post-World War II generation of commodity traders , was rumored to have amassed a multimillion-dollar fortune from commodity trading and other activities by the time he died in May .
For example , insurers may seek to limit their future exposure to catastrophes by increasing the amount of reinsurance they buy .
Jaguar PLC 's chairman said he hopes to reach a friendly pact with General Motors Corp. within a month that may involve the British luxury-car maker 's producing a cheaper executive model .
A pact with GM may emerge in as little as two weeks , according to sources close to the talks .
That may be difficult , the Jaguar chairman acknowledged , `` when you have somebody else breathing down your neck .
Otherwise , Jaguar may have to tolerate the two U.S. auto giants each owning a 15 % stake for more than a year .
At the same time , a small group of Senate Democrats are working on a similar plan and may introduce it soon .
The economic life of the region is expected to revive in a day or two , although some transportation problems may last weeks or months .
Ironically , the long-term effect of the earthquake may be to bolster the Bay area 's economic fortunes and , indeed , the nation 's gross national product .
It may also lead to new safeguards in major construction projects such as double-deck highways .
Corporate profits may also dip initially .
But many Californians may not have adequate insurance coverage to pay for damages to their property .
A Continental spokeswoman said the notes may be offered at a later date .
Traders said today may be an anxious day for the market .
Although other resignations may follow , it 's still not clear to what extent the change in party personnel will alter the government 's resistance to fundamental change .
Reports in the West German press , citing sources in East Germany , suggest Mr. Krenz may serve only as a bridge between Mr. Honecker and a genuine reform leader .
The selection of Mr. Krenz may also disappoint Moscow .
Analysts have estimated that Pinnacle West may have to inject between $ 300 million and $ 400 million into the MeraBank unit before turning the thrift over to federal regulators .
Reflecting concerns about Commodore 's outlook , its stock has plunged more than 50 % since May , closing yesterday unchanged at $ 8.875 a share in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange .
Commodore has said it expects sales to rebound , but market researchers have said that sales of the low-end products may finally be trailing off .
Frank Carlucci III was named to this telecommunications company 's board , filling the vacancy created by the death of William Sobey last May .
It is probably continuing and may well account for most of , or all of , present-day global warming .
This proved particularly valuable to the Panamanian government in 1967 , when union leaders were planning a May Day march that the government feared could turn violent .
For instance , he helped steal the May 1984 Panamanian elections for the ruling party .
During negotiations with American officials in May 1988 over proposals to drop the U.S. indictments in exchange for his resignation , Mr. Noriega often asked almost plaintively how the Americans , whom he had helped for so many years , could turn against him .
But Dr. Fraumeni , one of the authors of the report , said `` the declining rates we 're seeing for younger people we believe may be a harbinger of declining mortality in the future . ''
An editorial in the NCI Journal says the report of declining lung-cancer mortality `` among young men and women in the U.S. indicates that we finally may be winning the battle -- this even in a country where the tobacco industry spends over $ 2 billion a year for promotion of the addictive habit of smoking . ''
Currently , Mr. Merksamer owns 20 % of the company ; L.J. Hooker acquired its 80 % interest in the firm in May 1986 .
The days may be numbered for animated shows featuring Alf , the Karate Kid and the Chipmunks .
Instead , network officials say , it may `` counterprogram '' with shows for an audience that is virtually ignored in that time period : adults .
Mr. Cicero said that NBC Entertainment president Brandon Tartikoff , who declined to be interviewed , is `` looking at options now and may put some things into the schedule by mid-season . ''
He succeeds Everett Meyers , who resigned in May .
Further investigation , he said , may result in further actions against Lincoln 's executives , said Mr. Seidman , `` including fraud actions . ''
HUGO 'S RAVAGES may be offset by immediate claims for tax refunds .
A loss -- after insurance recoveries -- is deductible only to the extent that it exceeds $ 100 and that the year 's total losses exceed 10 % of adjusted gross income ; victims may pick the year when income is lower and deductions higher .
In filing an original -LRB- not amended -RRB- return , a couple should consider whether damaged property is owned jointly or separately and whether one spouse has larger income ; that may determine whether they should file jointly or separately .
Excise-tax returns due by Oct. 31 or Nov. 30 may be delayed to Jan. 16 .
Estimating that the state may lose $ 15 million a year , officials announced the filing of 15 criminal actions and `` hundreds '' of civil penalties .
David Lindsey , chairman of the Fat Tire Bike celebration , muses that the bike 's popularity may be a combination of technology and nostalgia .
Retired army Chief of Staff Krishnaswami Sundarji discloses in an interview that he suggested in May 1987 that the government cancel the Bofors contract .
Parsow Partnership Ltd. and Elkhorn Partners L.P. said they may seek proposals from third parties relating to a sale or restructuring of CACI International Inc .
The partnerships said they may seek board representation , and they may seek the support of CACI 's board and other major shareholders in connection with their plans .
Additional shares may be bought or sold in the open market , in private transactions or otherwise , depending on market conditions and other factors .
Critics warned such cash contributions may only undercut the opposition party 's standing , and one irony is that under Nicaraguan law a major portion of the opposition party 's funds must be shared with the government 's Supreme Electoral Council .
The most striking example yesterday may have been in community development funds , where the two houses had separately approved a total of 27 projects valued at $ 20 million , and the conference added 15 more valued at $ 8 million to ostensibly preserve `` balance '' between the House and Senate .
Gold , which has n't risen or fallen significantly in quite some time , yesterday achieved what may be a new level of impassiveness : The most actively traded futures contracts closed unchanged despite nervous fluctuations in both the dollar and the stock market .
Dinsa Mehta , chief bullion trader for Chase Manhattan Bank , said : `` There is little incentive on the part of traders to sell gold because the stock market may go lower and gold may retain some of its ` flight to safety ' quality .
There is little incentive to buy gold because if the stock market goes higher , it may be just a false alarm .
Futures prices rose on a report that Cuba may seek to postpone some sugar shipments .
Moody 's said it is assessing the strategies Ryder 's management may follow in addressing significant challenges in some major markets .
Moody 's said the proposed recaptilization may `` limit the company 's ability to realize its profit potential '' and that paying dividends from a new series of preferred could squeeze `` basic business operations . ''
By early May , Moscow had delivered , for example , 1,000 trucks , about 100 tanks , artillery and hundreds of other combat vehicles .
Above all , though , conservative Republicans who have championed both the Contras and SDI are reluctant to attack a Republican president for failing to do more -- though that reluctance may be receding .
But the strong pitch by Mr. Cheney may be too little too late to prevent damage to SDI .
Still , proponents may be shying away from more drumbeating because they sense political tides have turned against arming the Nicaraguan rebels or boosting spending on SDI -- particularly when the public perceives the Soviet threat is declining under Mikhail Gorbachev .
In fact , because communism seems to be beating a global retreat , some conservatives may simply be so pleased that their anti-communist philosophy is prevailing that they do n't have the fire at the moment to push controversial programs .
It also intends to set up an international wholesale market with the Singapore government next May and to open a department store in Bangkok and shopping centers in Malaysia , Taiwan , Canada , Chicago and Seattle by December 1990 .
Or did Mr. Chestman only hear a market rumor -LRB- which one may lawfully trade upon -RRB- ?
At a stroke , this may criminalize all fiduciary breaches -LRB- and possibly all misrepresentations by an agent or employee -RRB- .
Bay Financial , which said it may be forced to file under Chapter 11 if it ca n't reach an agreement with its lenders to relieve its debt burden , plunged 1 3\/8 to 2 1\/8 .
Investment bankers and retailers said the turmoil on Wall Street may benefit managers who plan to bid for U.S. retailing units of the British firm because takeover prices may not be as high as before the recent correction .
While international politics may argue for the capital increase , there is a clear economic case against it .
Liberals may support the stabilizing , quasi-governmental role of the IMF on two conditions : that the administration give assurances that liberal Democrats ' support will not be used against them in congressional re-election campaigns ; and that the legislation address -- with dollars -- social and environmental concerns .
Showtime is a distant No. 2 to Home Box Office , and in May filed a $ 2.5 billion antitrust suit against Time Warner , charging the company and its HBO and American Television cable units with conspiring to monopolize the pay TV business .
TCI said it may bring in other cable operators as investors , a practice it has employed in the past with investments in other cable networks , such as The Discovery Channel .
It warns that the AIDS epidemic `` may reduce the rate of growth of the work force , curb productivity gains and slow economic growth . ''
But there still may be prolonged debate and political maneuvering that holds up the $ 156.7 billion funding bill for the fiscal year that began Oct. 1 .
That 's the view of some analysts here who argue that Britain 's leading maker of luxury cars still may have two U.S. auto giants battling for it .
At that point investors may face a long , bumpy ride .
A victor in the fight for Jaguar may not emerge until after the expiration late next year of British government takeover restrictions .
U.S. takeover-stock speculators , who may own between 20 % and 30 % of Jaguar , could give Ford enough votes to block the GM deal .
Clifford Stahl , president and chief investment officer of C-S Capital Advisors Inc. , two weeks ago sold his Cincinnati firm 's 107,100 Jaguar ADRs at about 10 each , making a tidy profit on a holding purchased at 4 7\/8 in early May .
UAL'S STOCK SKIDDED an additional $ 24.875 , to $ 198 , as British Airways indicated it may balk at any hastily revised version of the aborted $ 6.79 billion buy-out of United Air 's parent .
But the test may prove to be more sensitive in determining whether a tumor has spread or returned following treatment , Dr. Wilson said .
Sao Paulo ( Brasil ) , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Por Juan Miguel Núñez Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Londres , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
EFECOM pa-c París , 23 may ( EFE ) .
La Coruña , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Mérida , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Miami ( EEUU ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Córdoba , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Santiago de Chile , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Buenos Aires , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Barcelona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
París , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
EFECOM ac-c La Paz , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Gavá ( Barcelona ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Barcelona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Caracas , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Beasain ( Guipúzcoa ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Griñon ( Madrid ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Pristina ( Yugoslavia ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
París , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Lima , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Washington , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
México , 23 may ( EFE ) .
San Juan , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Cancún ( México ) , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Caracas , 23 may ( EFE ) .
México , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Washington , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Bogotá , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Córdoba , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Santillana del Mar ( Cantabria ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE - Cantabria Lisboa , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Lyon ( Francia ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
México , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Vigo , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Fráncfort ( RFA ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE JG-c Roma , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Santiago de Chile , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Nueva York , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Sankt Poelten ( Austria ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Nueva York , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE vm-c Pamplona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Lima , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Por Hugo Bonifacio Santo Domingo , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Barcelona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Barcelona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Washington , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Nueva York , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Los contratos futuros del azúcar en el Mercado del Café, Azúcar. Cacao de Nueva York se cotizaron hoy a : abrió máxima mínima cierre cambio jul 7,49 7,49 7,28 7,45 + 0,03 oct 7,44 7,48 7,30 7,46 + 0,06 mar 7,45 7,54 7,38 7,52 + 0,09 EFE vm-c Quito , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Por Juan Miguel Núñez Palma , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Pamplona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Nueva York , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Bogotá , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Río de Janeiro , 12 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Buenos Aires , 23 may EFE ) .
Santander , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
París , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE ac-c Soria , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Verona ( Italia ) , 23 may .
Managua , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Alcorcón , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Washington , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Bogotá , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Nueva York , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE Baleares Washington , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE jrr / mla jla / rt Caracas , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Washington , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Bogotá , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Pamplona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Buenos Aires , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Barcelona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Nueva York , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Los contratos futuros del azúcar en el Mercado del Café, Azúcar. Cacao de Nueva York se cotizaron hoy a : abrió máxima mínima cierre cambio jul 7,49 7,49 7,28 7,45 + 0,03 oct 7,44 7,48 7,30 7,46 + 0,06 mar 7,45 7,54 7,38 7,52 + 0,09 EFECOM vm-c / ap Lima , 23 may ( EFE ) .
HOTELEROS CREEN IMPUESTO TURISTICO ES " INJUSTO Y DISCRIMINATORIO " Palma , 23 may ( EFE ) .
( PM2053 ) ALOMAR MANTIENE QUE " HABRA CONSENSO SOCIAL " IMPLANTACION ECOTASA Palma , 23 may ( EFE ) .
( PM2022 ) BARCELO DICE QUE EL COBRO EN HOTELES " NO ES LA FORMULA IDEAL " Palma , 23 may ( EFE ) .
( PM2043 ) EL GOVERN TIENE PREVISTO APROBAR PLAN ENERGETICO A FINAL DE AÑO Palma , 23 may ( EFE ) .
( PM2028 ) RECHAZADA MOCION PP PEDIA GOVERN NO CONSTRUYA EN SUELO RUSTICO Palma , 23 may ( EFE ) .
( PM2023 ) UIB Y CONSERVATORIO ACUERDAN COMPARTIR EXPERIENCIAS Y RECURSOS Palma , 23 may ( EFE ) .
( PM2011 ) DETENIDO POR VIOLACION HOMBRE QUE VIOLO Y ASESINO JOVEN EN IBIZA Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
( PM2044 ) PIDEN DIEZ AÑOS DE CARCEL PARA JOVEN POR INTENTO ASESINATO PADRES Palma , 23 may ( EFE ) .
( PM2039 ) ANTONIO CANALES ABRIRA TEMPORADA BALLET 2000 CON LA CENICIENTA Palma , 23 may ( EFE ) .
( PM2021 ) EU RECLAMA ORDENANZA INSTALACION ANTENAS DE TELEFONIA MOVIL Palma , 23 may ( EFE ) .
( PM2037 ) Nueva York , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Los contratos futuros del café en el Mercado del Café, Azúcar. Cacao de Nueva York se cotizaron hoy a : abrió máxima mínima cierre cambio jul 103,50 104,25 101,30 103,70 + 0,40 sep 106,00 106,95 104,20 106,45 + 0,65 dec 108,50 110,00 107,50 109,80 + 0,70 EFECOM vm-c / ap Roma , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE mg / ae Mar-23-May-2000 22:18 La delegación de la Agencia EFE en Baleares concluye su servicio informativo correspondiente al día de hoy , martes 23 de mayo .
EFE Baleares Puerto Príncipe , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Quito , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Río de Janeiro ( Brasil ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Sao Paulo ( Brasil ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Nueva York , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Los contratos futuros el cacao en el Mercado del Café, Azúcar. Cacao de Nueva York se cotizaron hoy a : abrió máxima mínima cierre cambio jul 838 848 833 834 - 6 sep 866 876 862 863 - 6 dec 902 908 897 897 - 6 Miami ( EEUU ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Nueva York , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Buenos Aires , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Bogotá , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Bogotá , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
México , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Padua ( Italia ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Cardiff ( Reino Unido ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Por Juana González Linares Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Santiago de Chile , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Londres , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Panamá , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Nueva York , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Al cierre de la sesión de hoy , el dólar estadounidense se cotizó así frente a las principales divisas . moneda cierre cierre anterior Euro 1,1031 1,1069 Yen japonés 106,52 106,99 Libra esterlina 0,6769 0,6692 Franco suizo 1,7228 1,7202 Dólar canadiense 1,5075 1,4970 Londres , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Panamá , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Verona ( Italia ) , 23 may .
Caracas , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
El dólar estadounidense registró hoy las siguientes cotizaciones en los mercados de divisas latinoamericanos : MONEDA / PAIS COTIZACION OFICIAL DOLAR COMPRA VENTA Pesos ( Argentina ) 1,00 Bolivianos ( Bolivia ) 6,14 6,16 Real ( Brasil ) 1,851 1,852 Pesos ( Colombia ) 2.094,26 2.095,19 Colones ( Costa Rica ) 305,64 306,12 Pesos ( Chile ) 522,00 527,00 Sucres ( Ecuador ) 25.000 25.000 Colones ( El Salvador ) 8,72 8,79 Quetzales ( Guatemala ) 7,69 7,70 Lempiras ( Honduras ) 14,69 14,91 Nuevo Peso ( México ) 9,30 9,65 Córdobas ( Nicaragua ) 12,60 Balboas ( Panamá ) 1,00 Guaraníes ( Paraguay ) 3.485 3.510 Nuevo Sol ( Perú ) 3,48 3,50 Pesos ( R. Dominicana ) 16,10 16,55 Pesos ( Uruguay ) 11,89 12,09 Bolívares ( Venezuela ) 681,50 682,75 Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
París , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Cardiff ( Reino Unido ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Cardiff ( Reino Unido ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Pamplona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Lima , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Río de Janeiro , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
( SV2103 ) SUICIDA DE ECIJA DESEO MATAR MAS PERSONAS , SEGUN JEFE POLICIA Ecija ( Sevilla ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
( SV2149 ) Caracas , 23 may ( EFE ) .
San José , 23 may ( EFE ) .
San José , 23 may ( EFE ) .
( añade un cambio en el equipo de Geles ) Sevilla , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Por Jorge Muñoa Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
( añade un cambio en el equipo de Geles ) Nueva York , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Vista Alegre ( Madrid ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Barcelona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
México , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Nueva York , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Roma , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Buenos Aires , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Nueva York , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Nueva York , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Washington , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Nueva York , 23 may ( EFE ) .
La cotización en dólares de las empresas españolas y del Spain Fund fue hoy la siguiente : . precio variación volumen B. Santander Central Hispano 9,18 + 0,12 241200 Banco Bilbao-Vizcaya 12,50 + 0,18 1460700 Endesa 21,37 + 0,25 75700 Telefónica 54,31 - 2,12 2473000 Repsol 20,50 - 0,43 164500 Terra Networks 43,93 - 1,31 731700 Jazztel 28,00 - 6,00 120900 Spain Fund 12,06 + 0,06 24100 Sao Paulo ( Brasil ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Verona ( Italia ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Verona ( Italia ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
México , 23 may ( EFE ) .
París , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Washington , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Buenos Aires , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
La Coruña , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Arévalo ( Avila ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Por Mario Etchart Sydney ( Australia ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Talavera de la Reina ( Toledo ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
La Granda ( Gozón ) , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Ginebra , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Barcelona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Londres , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Avila , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE . cm/lc ( Con fotografía ) Montevideo , 23 may ( EFE ) .
París , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
La cotización de las acciones españolas en la Bolsa de valores de París , fue hoy, martes , la siguiente : ACTUAL VARIACION TELEFONICA 20,66 euros + 0,63% BANCO POPULAR no cotizó - La Manga , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Granada , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Mérida , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Melilla , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Vitoria , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE rc2305001855 por ciento , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
EFECOM eco/ /Mc Zaragoza , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Algeciras ( Cádiz ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Vitoria , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE eco/ /Mc Zaragoza , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Cádiz , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Toledo , 23 may ( EFE ) .
" Estas jornadas cada vez tienen más interés por parte de los técnicos de La Rioja , tanto de la ciudad de Logroño como de las localidades se han inscrito para tal acontecimiento " , añadió . efe Langreo , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Lalín , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Santander , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE - Cantabria Madrid , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
León , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Badalona ( Barcelona ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Celrá ( Gerona ) , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Barcelona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Mérida , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Naciones Unidas , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE alg jla/rt Por Valeri Sharónov Minsk , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Pamplona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Panamá , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Inca ( Mallorca ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Nueva York , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE afa-c Zaragoza , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Barcelona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Valladolid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Elche ( Alicante ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE vm tc/jad Cádiz , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Langreo , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Mieres , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Pontevedra , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Mieres , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Vitoria , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE rc2305001850 Barcelona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Londres , 23 may ( EFE ) .
La cotización del dólar en el mercado de divisas londinense fue hoy, martes , la siguiente : DIVISA HOY ANTERIOR ============================================================= Euro 1,1075 1,1057 Libra 0,6783 0,6706 Yen 106,77 107,13 EFE pa-c Torrelavega , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE pa-c Barcelona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Angeles Montolio ( ESP ) a Lisa Raymond ( USA , 4 ) por 5-7 , 6-3 y 6-0 . sigue Copenhague , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Mieres , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFECOM afa-c Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Fráncfort ( RFA ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE RS-c Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE RZ/ab2305001855 Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Guatemala , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Amorebieta , ( Vizcaya ) 23 May ( EFE ) .
ES/rb2305001854 Casares ( Málaga ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Palma , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Jaca ( Huesca ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
La Paz , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Londres , 24 may ( EFE ) .
EFE pa-c Ginebra , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Renedo , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Toledo , 23 may ( EFE ) .
NE9778 , por la siguiente : PRECIOS - CARBURANTES BP SUBE 1 PESETA GASOLEO Y GASOLINAS , EXCEPTO SUPER TRADICIONAL Madrid , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Valladolid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
San Sebastián , 23 may ( EFE ) .
BP SUBIO ENTRE 3. 1 PESETAS GASOLINAS Y MANTIENE PRECIO GASOLEO , ref. NE9777 , por la siguiente : PRECIOS - CARBURANTES BP SUBE 1 PESETA GASOLEO Y GASOLINAS , EXCEPTO SUPER TRADICIONAL Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Valladolid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Basauri ( Vizcaya ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
ES/rb2305001858 Padua ( Italia ) , 23 may .
Santiago Blanco ( ESP - Vitalicio ) a 4:10 EFE fr/jap/lmpg/ Guadalupe ( Cáceres ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Palma , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Guadalajara , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Torrelavega , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE - Cantabria Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE - c Valladolid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Fráncfort ( RFA ) , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
EFECOM RS-c Bruselas , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Londres , 24 may ( EFECOM ) .
EFECOM pa-c Nueva York , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Pontevedra , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Málaga , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE Ginebra , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Langreo ( Asturias ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Vitoria , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE sfp2305001850 Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Barcelona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
RUSIA - CEI Milán ( Italia ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE flm/c Santander , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Palencia , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Berlín , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Padua ( Italia ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Jerez de la Frontera ( Cádiz ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Barcelona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Melilla , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Tomelloso ( Ciudad Real ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Sevilla , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Castro Urdiales , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE - Cantabria Barcelona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Nueva Delhi , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Río de Janeiro , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Budapest , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Benidorm ( Alicante ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE jjv. as-cbr.fch Madrid , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
NITRATOS Girona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Bogotá , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Ecija ( Sevilla ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
EFECOM jf.fch Pamplona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE MG Mar-23-May-2000 19:13 Washington , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Benidorm ( Alicante ) , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
EFECOM jjv/as-cbr.fch San Sebastián , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Palma , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Río de Janeiro , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Ourense , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFECOM flm/c Washington , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Viena , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Valladolid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Barcelona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Daroca ( Zaragoza ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE saf/m Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Mérida , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Valladolid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Zúrich , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE cr/c Lima , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Melbourne ( Australia ) , 25 may ( EFE ) .
Santander , 25 may ( EFE ) .
EFE - Cantabria Fráncfort ( RFA ) , 25 may ( EFECOM ) .
Mérida , 25 may ( EFE ) .
Por Caius Apicius Madrid , 25 may ( EFE ) .
Alcorcón , 25 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 25 may ( EFECOM ) .
Madrid , 25 may ( EFE ) .
EFE GALICIA por Kathy Seleme Beirut , 25 may ( EFE ) .
La única esperanza de que la situación libanesa se estabilice es que se logre una paz global en Oriente Medio , para que este país , que ha sido la principal víctima , junto a los palestinos , del conflicto árabe-israelí , no siga siéndolo en el futuro . por Orlando Lizama Washington , 25 may ( EFE ) .
" Significa una economía más fuerte para Estados Unidos , así como más oportunidades para la libertad en China " , señaló . por Claudia Gutiérrez Pekín , 25 may ( EFE ) .
Lisboa , 25 may ( EFE ) .
Freetown , 25 may ( EFE ) .
Roma , 25 may ( EFE ) - " Europa es de nuevo del Real Madrid " , es el titular con el que la prensa italiana destaca el triunfo del equipo de la capital de España en la final de la liga de campeones ante el otro club español , el Valencia , del que dicen los diarios no mostró se juego brillante que hizo contra el Barcelona o el Lazio .
San Sebastián , 25 may ( EFE ) .
Moscú , 25 may ( EFE ) .
Don Benito ( Badajoz ) , 25 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 25 may ( EFE ) .
Londres , 25 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 25 may ( EFE ) .
Tokio , 25 may ( EFE ) .
Tokio , 25 may ( EFECOM ) .
Manila , 25 may ( EFE ) .
Jerusalén , 25 may ( EFE ) .
Ceuta , 25 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 25 may ( EFE ) .
Sevilla , 25 may ( EFE ) .
Melbourne ( Australia ) , 25 may ( EFE ) .
Damasco , 25 may ( EFE ) .
Porzuna ( Ciudad Real ) , 25 may ( EFE ) .
Sabadell ( Barcelona ) , 25 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 26 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 25 may ( EFE ) .
Barcelona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Santiago de Compostela , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Fráncfort ( RFA ) , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Cáceres , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Collado Villalba , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Rabat , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Praga , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Valencia , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE FAL/rs ( Con fotografía ) Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Londres , 23 may ( EFE ) .
París , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Majadahonda , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Barcelona , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Barcelona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
DH/rq./cla Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Nueva Delhi , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Fráncfort ( RFA ) , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Sao Paulo ( Brasil ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Santander , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE - Cantabria México , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE Jar-c París , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 22 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Sevilla , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Santiago de Compostela , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE mtf/fv ( Con fotografía ) Barcelona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Bruselas , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Vitoria , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE sfp2305001400 Avila , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Palma , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Por Viruca Atanes Madrid , 24 may ( EFE ) .
Singapur , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Panamá , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
País ( moneda ) oficial paralelo negro - compra / venta c / v c / v Panamá ( Balboa ) 1,00 / - / - / - Costa Rica ( Colón ) 305,64 / 306,12 - / - / - Nicaragua ( Córdoba ) 12,6039 / - / - 12,6500 / 12,7000 Honduras ( Lempira ) 14,69 / 14,91 - / - 14,60 / 14,80 El Salvador ( Colón ) 8,72 / 8,79 - / - / - Guatemala ( Quetzal ) 7,69 / 7,70 - / - 7,60 / 7,65 EFECOM rsm-c Córdoba , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE imb/mmm/ja ( Con fotografía ) Tossa de Mar ( Girona ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Albacete , 23 may ( EFE ) .
( NH4447 ) Bilbao , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Barcelona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Sarajevo , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Barcelona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Valencia de Alcántara ( Cáceres ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Pamplona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
JR Mar-23-May-2000 16:10 .
Jerusalén , 23 may ( EFE ) .
París , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFECOM - c/jmi Alfaro ( La Rioja ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
( Con fotografía ) Sevilla , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Washington , 23 may ( EFE ) .
El Cairo , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Vitoria , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Sevilla , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Sofía , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Ampuero , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE - Cantabria Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Vigo , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE - Cantabria Barcelona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Santander , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE - Cantabria Sevilla , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Barcelona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Mérida , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Vitoria , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE sfp2305001610 Beirut , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Santiago de Chile , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
EFE - / fv La Coruña , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Temperaturas máximas y mínimas y condiciones meteorológicas registradas en las siguientes ciudades del mundo : CIUDAD MAX MIN CONDICIONES - Amsterdam 17 12 lluvioso Asunción 27 15 despejado Atenas 31 19 nuboso Berlín 21 10 despejado Bogotá 18 9 nuboso Brasilia 28 16 nuboso Bratislava 23 9 nuboso Bruselas 18 12 lluvioso Buenos Aires 18 9 despejado Caracas 29 18 nuboso Ciudad del Cabo 21 7 nuboso Copenhague 16 12 nuboso El Cairo 32 19 despejado Estocolmo 18 7 nuboso Ginebra 18 9 despejado Guatemala 26 16 nuboso Johannesburgo 20 5 despejado La Habana 34 21 despejado La Paz 20 5 despejado Lima 21 16 despejado Lisboa 23 12 nuboso Londres 15 9 nuboso Los Angeles 28 16 despejado Madrid 28 13 nuboso Managua 34 22 nuboso Manila 33 24 nuboso México 24 11 lluvioso Miami 32 24 despejado Montevideo 20 12 despejado Montreal 22 14 nuboso Moscú 19 8 lluvioso Nueva York 20 15 nuboso Oslo 18 10 nuboso Panamá 34 22 despejado París 21 12 nuboso Pekín 32 16 despejado Praga 21 8 nuboso Pretoria 23 6 despejado Quito 19 9 nuboso Rabat 29 18 despejado Río de Janeiro 25 17 nuboso Roma 23 17 variable San José 25 18 despejado San Juan 32 23 despejado San Salvador 30 19 nuboso Santiago de Chile 20 4 nuboso Santo Domingo 31 21 nuboso Sao Paulo 22 14 nuboso Tegucigalpa 27 18 nuboso Tokio 28 19 despejado Varsovia 18 8 nuboso Viena 19 10 lluvioso Washington 26 19 nuboso Zúrich 14 7 despejado Berlín , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Tortosa ( Tarragona ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid 23 may ( EFE ) .
Río de Janeiro ( Brasil ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Santiago de Compostela , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Ferrol , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE Colindres , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE - Cantabria Santiago de Compostela , 23 may ( EFE ) .
París , 23 may ( EFE ) .
México , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Ginebra , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Estrasburgo ( Francia ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Mérida , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Roma , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE . flm/lm-c Miami ( EEUU ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE mw/mrm jla/im Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Belgrado , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE eoo/fv ( Con fotografía ) Londres , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE pdp-c Bucarest , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Maureen Drake ( CAN ) a Cristina Torrens Valero ( ESP ) por 7-6 ( 10-8 ) y 7-5 . sigue Roma , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Moscú , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
EFECOM vs-c Málaga , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Santiago de Chile , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Caracas , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Sevilla , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Buenos Aires , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
EFECOM ar/ac-c Santander , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Toledo , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Albacete , 23 may ( EFE ) .
El Cairo , 23 may ( EFE ) .
México , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFECOM flm/lm-c Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Figueres ( Girona ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Atenas , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Caracas , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Berlín , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE ih/rz-c Berlín , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
1 DOLAR USA 182,621 100 YENES JAPONESES 171,003 100 DRACMAS GRIEGOS 49,373 1 CORONA DANESA 22,310 1 CORONA SUECA 20,000 1 LIBRA ESTERLINA 270,502 1 CORONA NORUEGA 20,128 100 CORONAS CHECAS 457,658 1 LIBRA CHIPRIOTA 290,377 1 CORONA ESTONA 10,634 100 FORINTOS HUNGAROS 63,995 1 ZLOTY POLACO 40,441 100 TOLARES ESLOVENOS 81,107 1 FRANCO SUIZO 106,439 1 DOLAR CANADIENSE 122,199 1 DOLAR AUSTRALIANO 105,308 1 DOLAR NEOZELANDES 84,042 Bilbao , 23 may ( EFE ) .
París , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Bruselas , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Málaga , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Ferrol , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Washington , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Santiago de Chile , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Pamplona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
MS Mar-23-may-2000 16:46 París , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Dubai , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Bruselas , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Ciudad del Vaticano , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Oviedo , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Berlín , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Palma , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Roma , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
EFECOM flm/lm-c Getafe , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Palma , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Vitoria , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Fuenlabrada , 23 may ( EFE ) .
París , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Málaga , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Bilbao , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Vitoria , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Bilbao , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Navia , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Nueva York , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE afa-c Sestao ( Vizcaya ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Atenas , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Santiago de Compostela , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Barcelona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Cáceres , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Tegucigalpa , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFECOM afa-c Zamora , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Buenos Aires , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Fráncfort ( RFA ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE RS-c Sevilla , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Pamplona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
JR Mar-23-May-2000 16:55 .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Plasencia ( Cáceres ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Burgos , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Barcelona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Santiago de Chile , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Salamanca , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Padua ( Italia ) , 23 may .
Berlín , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
PROGRAMACION DE TVE PARA MAÑANA, MIERCOLES, 24 DE MAYO Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Vitoria , 23 may ( EFE ) .
La Toja ( Pontevedra ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Bruselas , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Berlín , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Oviedo , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Girona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Barcelona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Roma , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Mollet del Vallés ( Barcelona ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Barcelona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Estrasburgo ( Francia ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE al-c Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Badajoz , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Palma , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Fráncfort ( RFA ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE RS-c Bilbao , 23 may ( EFE ) .
París , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Burgos 23 may ( EFE ) .
Toledo , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Plasencia ( Cáceres ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Berlín , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Almagro ( Ciudad Real ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Mahón ( Menorca ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
La Habana , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Fuentes de Ebro ( Zaragoza ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE saf/m Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE jav.fch Alcorcón , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
La Toja ( Pontevedra ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Almagro ( Ciudad Real ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Galisteo ( Cáceres ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE nm.fch San José , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Zaragoza , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Villarreal ( Castellón ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE jm tc mc/jad Bruselas , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Torrelavega , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE - Cantabria Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
LOS REYES INAUGURAN LA EXPOSICION " LA RIOJA. TIERRA ABIERTA " , referencia NA2457 , por la siguiente : REYES - LA RIOJA ( Previsión ) LOS REYES VISITAN LA EXPOSICION " LA RIOJA. TIERRA ABIERTA " Por Emilio Oliva Calahorra ( La Rioja ) , 22 may ( EFE ) .
EFE eoo/fv ( Con fotografía ) Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
León , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Camargo , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE - Cantabria Londres , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Santiago de Chile , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Vitoria , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Plasencia ( Cáceres ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Calahorra ( La Rioja ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
( Con fotografía ) Lisboa , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Algeciras ( Cádiz ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Huesca , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE rgl/m Estambul , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Estrasburgo ( Francia ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Torrelavega , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE - Cantabria por Alberto Masegosa Freetown , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Barcelona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
NC/rq./cla Navalmoral de la Mata ( Cáceres ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Fráncfort ( RFA ) , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
EFECOM RS-c/jmi Plasencia ( Cáceres ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Santiago de Compostela , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Pamplona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Ibiza , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Pamplona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE MG Mar-23-May-2000 17:25 Camargo , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE - Cantabria Torrelavega , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Lérida , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Guatemala , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Bruselas , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Padua ( Italia ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Berlín , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Palma , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Pamplona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE JR Mar-23-May-2000 17:25 .
Navalmoral de la Mata ( Cáceres ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Piedrabuena ( Ciudad Real ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Por Mónica Collado Valencia , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE mc ag/sab Bogotá , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Roma , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Camargo , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE - Cantabria Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Astillero , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE - Cantabria Badajoz , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
HUNDIMIENTO Mollet del Vallés ( Barcelona ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Lérida , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Plasencia ( Cáceres ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Soria , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Sevilla , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Río de Janeiro , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Lisboa , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Azuqueca de Henares ( Guadalajara ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Don Benito ( Badajoz ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Valencia , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE do mc/Sab París , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Lisboa 23 may ( EFE ) .
Por Isabel Laguna Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE ilm/fv ( Con fotografía ) ESPAÑA - JUAN RULFO ( previsión ) CARTAS DE AMOR , PRECURSORAS UNIVERSO LITERARIO JUAN RULFO Por Juan Fernández Elorriaga Belgrado , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
PIRINEO La Seu d'Urgell ( Lleida ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Por Cristina Heusel Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Málaga , 23 may ( EFE ) .
México , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Barcelona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Urda ( Toledo ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Tarragona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
GONZALEZ ASEGURA QUE ZAPATERO TIENE EL PERFIL QUE NECESITA PSOE Astorga ( León ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
RESPONSABLE PRESUPUESTOS NO DESCARTA REVISION INFLACION 2001 Avila , 23 may ( EFE ) .
GOBIERNO ESTUDIA COOPERATIVAS AGRICOLAS DISTRIBUYAN CARBURANTES Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
PONEN EN MARCHA COLECCION ADEO POESIA PARA IMPULSAR ESTE GENERO Salamanca , 23 may ( EFE ) .
PSOE PEDIRA EN CONSEJERIA INFORMACION SOBRE 21.000 MILL DE GASTOS Astorga ( León ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
UNIV. SALAMANCA IMPULSARA DESARROLLO ECONOMICO COMARCAS ZAMORANAS Salamanca , 23 may ( EFE ) .
PROTECCION CIVIL ACTIVA MAÑANA ECD MIRANDA DENTRO EJERCICIO PENBU Miranda de Ebro ( Burgos ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Cuenca , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Vitoria , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE nm.fch Tegucigalpa , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Villanueva de la Serena ( Badajoz ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Málaga , 23 may ( EFE ) .
San Sebastián , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Bilbao , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE cc2305001730 por ciento , 23 May ( EFE ) .
Pamplona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE MG Mar-23-May-2000 17:38 Cádiz , 23 may ( EFE ) .
París , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Padua ( Italia ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE . rbc./cla Fuenlabrada , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Sevilla , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE aga/ja.fch Moscú , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Palma , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Bagdad , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
VALOR MAXIMO MINIMO ANTERIOR ULTIMO VAR - MADRID 965.65 952.97 952.06 956.76 0.49 IBEX 35 10503.80 10330.90 10326.30 10380.10 0.52 IBEX FINAN. 9426.80 9305.50 9286.60 9407.90 1.31 IBEX NM 7362.30 7022.50 7074.20 7170.90 1.37 IBEX UTILIT. 21562.00 21022.70 21070.80 21106.40 0.17 IBEX INDUST. 6170.10 6119.20 6143.00 6131.50 -0.19 IBEX COMPLE. 6736.70 6666.60 6687.50 6720.00 0.49 París , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Túnez , 23 may ( EFE ) .
San Sebastián , 23 May ( EFE ) .
EFE CR/CL2305001530 Palma , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Villanueva de la Serena ( Badajoz ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Oviedo , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Fráncfort ( RFA ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Bruselas , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Vitoria , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Palma , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Badajoz , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Santander , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE - Cantabria Pamplona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
JR Mar-23-May-2000 17:45 .
Santiago de Compostela , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFECOM RS-c Córdoba , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Fuenlabrada , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Zaragoza , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Amorebieta , ( Vizcaya ) 23 may ( EFE ) .
Pamplona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
VALOR ANTER. MAX. MIN. ULTIMO % VAR VOLUMEN ULT PTA - ALIMENTACION ALTADIS 16.44 16.35 15.76 16.00 -2.68 2997037 2662 AZ.EBRO AGR. 13.25 13.59 13.01 13.55 2.26 28956 2255 EL AGUILA 7.79 7.77 7.60 7.77 -0.26 9934 1293 BARON DE LEY 23.15 23.68 23.30 23.50 1.51 5657 3910 BO.Y BEBIDAS 11.00 11.05 11.00 11.05 0.45 19224 1839 CAMPOFRIO 10.54 10.97 10.45 10.66 1.14 30526 1774 C.V.N.E. 14.40 14.70 14.40 14.69 2.01 4391 2444 KOIPE 18.50 18.71 18.30 18.33 -0.92 1437 3050 OMSA 6.03 6.40 6.03 6.13 1.66 3499 1020 PATERNINA 9.93 10.46 9.72 9.86 -0.70 5643 1641 PULEVA 1.78 1.83 1.77 1.79 0.56 1499743 298 PESCANOVA 12.00 12.08 11.75 12.08 0.67 7110 2010 BO.RIOJANAS 10.00 10.20 10.00 10.15 1.50 782 1689 SOS ARANA 10.15 10.17 10.01 10.14 -0.10 5011 1687 VISCOFAN 7.04 7.18 7.00 7.18 1.99 46494 1195 FOSFORERA 1.35 0.00 0.00 1.35 0.00 225 BANCOS/FINANCIERAS BBVA 13.84 14.25 13.84 14.18 2.46 20901086 2359 BANKINTER 49.20 51.00 49.40 49.60 0.81 131321 8253 CORP. MAPFRE 15.15 15.25 14.80 14.98 -1.12 133891 2492 B.POPULAR 31.90 32.05 31.52 32.00 0.31 563124 5324 BSCH 10.10 10.27 10.00 10.15 0.50 7485200 1689 B.VALENCIA 8.61 8.88 8.63 8.87 3.02 75212 1476 CATALANA OC. 14.48 14.45 14.15 14.35 -0.90 22128 2388 MAPFRE VIDA 32.25 32.45 32.25 32.25 0.00 1009 5366 B.PASTOR 45.99 45.99 45.50 45.97 -0.04 5718 7649 B.ZARAGOZANO 14.60 14.85 14.60 14.75 1.03 52614 2454 B.ANDALUCIA 28.25 29.00 28.26 28.90 2.30 5715 4809 B.ATLANTICO 36.00 36.50 36.49 36.49 1.36 398 6071 BANESTO 15.80 15.98 15.80 15.95 0.95 7968 2654 B.CASTILLA 12.96 12.75 12.70 12.70 -2.01 2342 2113 B.CTO.BALEAR 14.90 14.95 14.95 14.90 0.00 20 2479 B.ESFINGE 1.49 1.49 1.49 1.49 0.00 134968 248 B.GALICIA 13.30 13.30 13.30 13.30 0.00 247 2213 B.GUIPUZCOAN 14.86 15.50 14.85 15.39 3.57 18646 2561 B.GUIPUZCO,P 14.66 14.66 14.66 14.66 0.00 91 2439 B.HERRERO 55.30 59.80 59.80 59.80 8.14 375 9950 B.VASCONIA 8.85 9.00 9.00 8.85 0.00 125 1473 CONSTRUCCION ACS 28.12 28.31 27.50 27.52 -2.13 95044 4579 ACCIONA 34.05 35.49 33.80 34.30 0.73 265402 5707 DRAGADOS 7.70 8.08 7.82 8.04 4.42 230406 1338 FCC 21.75 22.90 21.53 22.56 3.72 208941 3754 FERROVIAL 13.05 13.30 12.95 13.10 0.38 127304 2180 CEM.PORTLAND 21.75 21.89 21.70 21.70 -0.23 2121 3611 CRISTALERIA 33.80 34.50 33.75 34.00 0.59 6572 5657 OHL 6.03 6.09 6.01 6.02 -0.17 87334 1002 URALITA 7.63 7.70 7.40 7.59 -0.52 113460 1263 PORTLAND V. 20.00 20.75 20.00 20.20 1.00 7917 3361 FE.AGROMAN 6.96 7.36 6.96 6.97 0.14 1283 1160 DRAGADOS PRE 11.82 0.00 0.00 11.82 0.00 1967 UNILAND CEM. 41.99 41.98 41.98 41.98 -0.02 200 6985 ELECTRICAS AG.BARCELONA 13.90 14.49 13.77 14.25 2.52 96834 2371 HID.CANTABR. 23.82 23.86 23.64 23.81 -0.04 335822 3962 GAS NATURAL 18.25 18.60 18.10 18.26 0.05 707835 3038 ENDESA 23.65 23.97 23.53 23.94 1.23 13783420 3983 IBERDROLA 13.42 13.91 13.34 13.60 1.34 2123959 2263 UNION FENOSA 20.52 20.92 20.46 20.60 0.39 1145829 3428 REE 10.61 11.26 10.60 11.20 5.56 775055 1864 AG.BAR.NV99 13.77 14.20 13.60 13.77 0.00 460 2291 CARTERA/INVERSION CORP.FI.ALBA 27.07 27.25 26.10 26.25 -3.03 52334 4368 TECNOCOM 19.65 20.50 20.04 20.50 4.33 33799 3411 DINAMIA 13.00 13.10 12.90 13.00 0.00 12910 2163 GE.INVERSION 0.32 0.32 0.31 0.31 -3.13 60363 52 FASTIBEX 4.96 4.90 4.86 4.90 -1.21 1165 815 METAL/MECANICA ACERALIA 11.65 11.77 11.40 11.40 -2.15 188672 1897 ACERINOX 41.00 42.75 41.03 41.69 1.68 175077 6937 AC.Y FOR.AZC 8.40 8.01 8.01 8.01 -4.64 600 1333 ASTURIA.ZINC 10.40 11.19 10.47 11.00 5.77 28612 1830 AZKOYEN 8.75 8.75 8.30 8.30 -5.14 15834 1381 C.A.F. 21.00 20.99 20.99 21.00 0.00 60 3494 GLOBAL STEEL 1.70 1.70 1.68 1.68 -1.18 9192 280 D.FELGUERA 7.11 7.15 7.11 7.11 0.00 39974 1183 NICOL.CORREA 3.67 3.89 3.66 3.75 2.18 26388 624 N.MONTAÑA 0.46 0.47 0.45 0.46 0.00 33156 77 TUBACEX 1.75 1.76 1.72 1.75 0.00 257805 291 ESPAÑOL.ZINC 4.75 4.90 4.69 4.90 3.16 19614 815 ZARDOYA OTIS 9.30 9.39 9.12 9.17 -1.40 51669 1526 LINGOTES 4.10 0.00 0.00 4.10 0.00 682 TUDOR 5.50 5.65 5.51 5.65 2.73 1348 940 VOLKSWAGEN 43.00 43.00 42.62 43.00 0.00 348 7155 NUEVAS TECNOLOGIAS SOGECABLE 33.49 35.98 34.15 35.31 5.43 573177 5875 AMADEUS-A 10.10 10.40 9.81 10.14 0.40 1725328 1687 INDRA 20.10 21.50 20.31 20.37 1.34 593288 3389 TPI 29.00 30.50 28.10 28.71 -1.00 614376 4777 TERRA 50.80 53.35 50.55 52.25 2.85 2457791 8694 ABENGOA 32.30 32.30 31.50 31.50 -2.48 31198 5241 AMPER 8.27 8.39 8.09 8.22 -0.60 53154 1368 BEFESA 14.66 14.66 14.64 14.65 -0.07 49457 2438 RADIOTRONICA 15.70 15.89 15.51 15.60 -0.64 66220 2596 ZELTIA 53.75 54.50 53.20 53.35 -0.74 73053 8877 PETROLEO/QUIMICAS FAES DER 00 1.06 1.07 1.05 1.06 0.00 264484 176 REPSOL 23.20 23.25 22.80 22.85 -1.51 4060694 3802 ARAGONESAS 5.08 5.15 5.05 5.07 -0.20 40758 844 CEPSA 9.30 9.58 9.30 9.46 1.72 481014 1574 ERCROS 0.57 0.59 0.57 0.57 0.00 151438 95 GR.EMP.ENCE 20.16 20.74 19.70 20.55 1.93 21649 3419 FAES 10.90 11.05 10.86 11.00 0.92 26166 1830 IBERPAPEL 10.95 11.00 10.70 10.99 0.37 2505 1829 MIQUEL COSTA 22.63 22.79 22.30 22.79 0.71 3851 3792 EUROPA. C 1.89 1.90 1.87 1.87 -1.06 12586 311 LA SEDA B. B 3.20 3.21 3.02 3.16 -1.25 39349 526 SNIACE 1.30 1.31 1.27 1.31 0.77 260825 218 TAFISA 9.83 10.25 9.88 10.24 4.17 4609 1704 UNIPAPEL 10.75 11.00 10.40 10.40 -3.26 17399 1730 BAYER A.G. 43.00 0.00 0.00 43.00 0.00 7155 EPPIC 0.29 0.29 0.29 0.29 0.00 2773 48 RENO M.S/A 2.20 2.26 2.20 2.20 0.00 8791 366 COMUNICACIONES ACESA 9.87 9.90 9.68 9.71 -1.62 160184 1616 AUMAR 16.02 16.15 15.90 15.91 -0.69 71820 2647 TELEFONICA 20.56 21.43 20.25 20.45 -0.54 21613821 3403 EUROPISTAS 6.00 6.00 5.93 5.95 -0.83 17171 990 EUROPIS.MY99 6.02 0.00 0.00 6.02 0.00 1002 IBERPISTAS 6.45 6.60 6.30 6.30 -2.33 2547 1048 TRANSP.AZKAR 14.30 14.20 13.90 14.18 -0.84 2885 2359 OTR.INDUSTRIAS SERVIC. CONTINENTE 16.77 17.60 16.77 17.50 4.35 199172 2912 NH HOTELES 11.40 11.51 11.21 11.40 0.00 206348 1897 PRYCA 13.20 13.48 13.11 13.48 2.12 502661 2243 SOL MELIA 12.76 12.86 12.42 12.55 -1.65 307329 2088 TELEPIZZA 5.93 6.20 5.91 6.03 1.69 1773458 1003 VALLEHERMOSO 7.23 7.30 7.13 7.13 -1.38 573710 1186 ADOLFO DGUEZ 9.20 9.20 8.98 9.01 -2.07 17062 1499 ALDEASA 19.00 19.89 19.20 19.50 2.63 13298 3245 TAVEX ALGOD. 2.43 2.53 2.44 2.49 2.47 45584 414 INM.BAMI 2.83 2.85 2.82 2.82 -0.35 9582 469 COLONIAL 14.51 14.55 14.30 14.50 -0.07 59958 2413 CORTEFIEL 25.30 25.26 23.52 24.45 -3.36 43507 4068 DOGI 8.01 8.30 8.01 8.25 3.00 8661 1373 ENACO 4.75 4.68 4.65 4.68 -1.47 710 779 FILO 1.19 1.20 1.17 1.19 0.00 60214 198 FUNESPAÑA 8.14 8.50 8.24 8.24 1.23 32096 1371 PICKING PACK 5.10 5.30 5.13 5.18 1.57 284747 862 INM.ZABALBUR 12.15 12.17 12.10 12.16 0.08 37879 2023 LOGISTA 29.01 29.73 28.70 29.00 -0.03 17894 4825 MECALUX 8.26 8.12 8.10 8.12 -1.69 13175 1351 METROVACESA 18.84 18.90 18.11 18.75 -0.48 39875 3120 PRIMA INMOB. 8.79 8.78 8.60 8.78 -0.11 14739 1461 PARQUES RDOS 5.87 5.83 5.65 5.73 -2.39 27475 953 PROSEGUR 13.90 13.90 13.55 13.90 0.00 174932 2313 SUPERDIPLO 14.50 14.71 14.06 14.35 -1.03 28619 2388 URBAS 0.85 0.85 0.80 0.84 -1.18 14673 140 URBIS 4.95 5.00 4.80 4.88 -1.41 79175 812 VIDRALA 6.25 6.47 6.07 6.47 3.52 28649 1077 VILESA 4.65 4.65 4.60 4.65 0.00 2319 774 INBESOS 3.44 3.44 3.44 3.44 0.00 500 572 FILO B 1.18 1.18 1.17 1.17 -0.85 7344 195 INDO 4.02 4.05 4.03 4.05 0.75 447 674 MIA 23.40 22.49 22.06 22.49 -3.89 312 3742 SOTOGRANDE 2.71 2.62 2.61 2.62 -3.32 1270 436 EFECOM finz.fch Harare , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Estrasburgo ( Francia ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Castropol , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Granada , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Bilbao , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
( pesetas / litro ) gasóleo 95 octanos 98 octanos súper - EROSKI 104,9 131,9 145,9 141,9 CAPRABO 108,9 134,9 146,9 142,9 ALCAMPO 110,9 135,9 148,9 145,9 MAKRO 112,9 137,9 151,9 147,9 CONTINENTE ( Alcobendas ) 113,9 139,9 153,9 149,9 - REPSOL 113,9 139,9 153,9 149,9 CEPSA 113,9 139,9 152,9 148,9 - ENVEJECIMIENTO Reus ( Tarragona ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Lorca , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Palma , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Teruel , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Bruselas , 23 may ( EFE ) .
París , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Santiago de Compostela , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Pinto , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Beirut , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Estocolmo , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Santander , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE Cantabria Villanueva de la Serena ( Badajoz ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
San Salvador , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Pamplona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE MG Mar-23-May-2000 17:54 Bruselas , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Cádiz , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Los diez sectores que agrupan los valores del parqué madrileño quedaron de la siguiente manera al cierre : VALOR MAXIMO MINIMO ANTERIOR ULTIMO VAR - ALIMENTACION 479.89 468.17 480.26 474.16 -1.27 BANCOS/FINAN 1202.20 1189.57 1185.06 1200.97 1.34 COMUNICACION 1523.49 1451.19 1470.98 1462.28 -0.59 CONSTRUCCION 941.17 926.81 923.73 935.23 1.24 ELECTRICAS 961.00 946.04 948.51 958.80 1.08 CARTE/INVER. 880.56 847.66 872.65 853.10 -2.24 PETRO/QUIMI. 818.56 809.54 819.85 810.85 -1.10 METAL/MECANI 362.56 356.94 358.01 358.11 0.03 N.TECNOLOGIA 83.28 79.86 80.02 81.43 1.76 OTR.IN.SERV. 153.75 152.42 153.01 153.56 0.36 Bilbao , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Santiago de Chile , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Estocolmo , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Villafranca de los Caballeros ( Toledo ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Los valores que componen este indicador registraron hoy los siguientes resultados : VALOR ANTER. MAX. MIN. ULTIMO %VAR VOLUMEN ULT PTA - ACESA 9.87 9.90 9.68 9.71 -1.62 160184 1616 ACERALIA 11.65 11.77 11.40 11.40 -2.15 188672 1897 ACS 28.12 28.31 27.50 27.52 -2.13 95044 4579 ACERINOX 41.00 42.75 41.03 41.69 1.68 175077 6937 AG.BARCELONA 13.90 14.49 13.77 14.25 2.52 96834 2371 CORP.FI.ALBA 27.07 27.25 26.10 26.25 -3.03 52334 4368 ALTADIS 16.44 16.35 15.76 16.00 -2.68 2997037 2662 AMADEUS-A 10.10 10.40 9.81 10.14 0.40 1725328 1687 ACCIONA 34.05 35.49 33.80 34.30 0.73 265402 5707 AUMAR 16.02 16.15 15.90 15.91 -0.69 71820 2647 BBVA 13.84 14.25 13.84 14.18 2.46 20901086 2359 BANKINTER 49.20 51.00 49.40 49.60 0.81 131321 8253 HID.CANTABR. 23.82 23.86 23.64 23.81 -0.04 335822 3962 CONTINENTE 16.77 17.60 16.77 17.50 4.35 199172 2912 GAS NATURAL 18.25 18.60 18.10 18.26 0.05 707835 3038 DRAGADOS 7.70 8.08 7.82 8.04 4.42 230406 1338 ENDESA 23.65 23.97 23.53 23.94 1.23 13783420 3983 FCC 21.75 22.90 21.53 22.56 3.72 208941 3754 FERROVIAL 13.05 13.30 12.95 13.10 0.38 127304 2180 IBERDROLA 13.42 13.91 13.34 13.60 1.34 2123959 2263 INDRA 20.10 21.50 20.31 20.37 1.34 593288 3389 CORP.MAPFRE 15.15 15.25 14.80 14.98 -1.12 133891 2492 NH HOTELES 11.40 11.51 11.21 11.40 0.00 206348 1897 B.POPULAR 31.90 32.05 31.52 32.00 0.31 563124 5324 PRYCA 13.20 13.48 13.11 13.48 2.12 502661 2243 REPSOL 23.20 23.25 22.80 22.85 -1.51 4060694 3802 BSCH 10.10 10.27 10.00 10.15 0.50 7485200 1689 SOGECABLE 33.49 35.98 34.15 35.31 5.43 573177 5875 SOL MELIA 12.76 12.86 12.42 12.55 -1.65 307329 2088 TELEFONICA 20.56 21.43 20.25 20.45 -0.54 21613821 3403 TPI 29.00 30.50 28.10 28.71 -1.00 614376 4777 TELEPIZZA 5.93 6.20 5.91 6.03 1.69 1773458 1003 TERRA 50.80 53.35 50.55 52.25 2.85 2457791 8694 UNION FENOSA 20.52 20.92 20.46 20.60 0.39 1145829 3428 VALLEHERMOSO 7.23 7.30 7.13 7.13 -1.38 573710 1186 Asunción , 23 may ( EFE ) .
San Salvador , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Grandas de Salime , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Burgos , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Sant Vicenc de Torelló ( Barcelona ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Los valores que forman parte de este indicador registraron hoy las siguientes cotizaciones : VALOR ANTER. MAX. MIN. ULTIMO % VAR VOLUMEN ULT PTA - TECNOCOM 19.65 20.50 20.04 20.50 4.33 33799 3411 AMADEUS-A 10.10 10.40 9.81 10.14 0.40 1725328 1687 INDRA 20.10 21.50 20.31 20.37 1.34 593288 3389 TPI 29.00 30.50 28.10 28.71 -1.00 614376 4777 TERRA 50.80 53.35 50.55 52.25 2.85 2457791 8694 ABENGOA 32.30 32.30 31.50 31.50 -2.48 31198 5241 AMPER 8.27 8.39 8.09 8.22 -0.60 53154 1368 BEFESA 14.66 14.66 14.64 14.65 -0.07 49457 2438 RADIOTRONICA 15.70 15.89 15.51 15.60 -0.64 66220 2596 ZELTIA 53.75 54.50 53.20 53.35 -0.74 73053 8877 Langreo , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Bilbao , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Vitoria , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Parla , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Algeciras ( Cádiz ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Los valores que componen este indicador registraron hoy las siguientes cotizaciones : VALOR ANTER. MAX. MIN. ULTIMO % VAR VOLUMEN ULT PTA - ARACRUZ CE B 1.75 1.80 1.80 1.80 2.86 500 299 B.FRANCES 6.40 6.70 6.70 6.70 4.69 1500 1115 B.R.PLATA B 7.20 7.33 7.02 7.05 -2.08 2336 1173 BBV PROBUR B 11.70 11.50 11.20 11.20 -4.27 1200 1864 SANT.BANCORP 14.50 14.75 14.25 14.25 -1.72 2525 2371 TELMEX 2.85 2.80 2.80 2.85 0.00 100 474 VALE RIO DOC 28.69 28.70 28.70 28.69 0.00 200 4774 Coslada , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE ltg/al Estrasburgo ( Francia ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Rivas - Vaciamadrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
A continuación , sobre las 11,45 horas , el ADPI Aficionado jugará un partido contra el Rayo Vallecano y a partir de las 13,00 horas lo harán el ADPI Cadete contra el Rayo Vallecano Cadete B. Bilbao , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Etxebarria , ( Vizcaya ) 23 May ( EFE ) .
Mérida , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Tirana , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Bellpuig ( Lleida ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Arganda del Rey , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Bogotá , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Bruselas , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE JAM/lab Mar-23-May-2000 18:03 Villafranca de los Barros ( Badajoz ) , 23 mayo ( EFE ) .
Valencia , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Granada , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Albacete , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Bruselas , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE JAM Mar-23-May-2000 18:05 San Sebastián , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Nueva York , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Vitoria , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Roma , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Guatemala , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Santiago de Compostela , 23 may ( EFE ) .
San Sebastián , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE ab2305001810 Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Santander ( España ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Fráncfort ( RFA ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE RS-c Bilbao , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Barakaldo ( Vizcaya ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Tordesillas ( Valladolid ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE AE Mar-23-may-2000 18:09 Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Pamplona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE JR Mar-23-May-2000 18:10 .
León , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE bmc/c ( con fotografía ) Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Río de Janeiro ( Brasil ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Girona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Oviedo , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Palma , 23 may ( EFE ) .
París , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFECOM RS-c Melilla , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Valencia , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Por Felipe Recuero Padua ( Italia ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Washington , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Sankt Poelten ( Austria ) 23 may ( EFE ) .
Barcelona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Sevilla , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Santander , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE - Cantabria Córdoba , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Santiago de Compostela , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Valladolid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Bruselas , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Córdoba , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Badalona ( Barcelona ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Málaga , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Torrelavega , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE - Cantabria Santiago de Chile , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Caracas , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Guadalajara , 23 May ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Alcázar de San Juan ( Ciudad Real ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Logroño , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Según la información remitida a Efe por la Federación Riojana , los actuales miembros de su asamblea pretenden que el nuevo presidente pueda comenzar a trabajar con el tiempo suficiente de preparar la temporada 2000-01 . efe Elche ( Alicante ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE vm tc mc/sab A Coruña , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Bilbao , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Florencia ( Italia ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Cáceres , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Monterrubio de la Armuña ( Salamanca ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Santiago de Compostela , 23 may ( EFE ) .
San Sebastián , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Palma 23 may ( EFE ) .
Barcelona , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Lima , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Santiago de Chile , 23 may ( EFE ) .
San Sebastián , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Andorra la Vella ( Andorra ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Jerez de la Frontera ( Cádiz ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Vitoria , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE sfp2305001655 Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Melilla , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Valencia , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Indices sectoriales : - Energía. Agua 1.202,40 Baja 0,02 Energía Eléctrica. gas 1.048,47 Sube 12,05 Mineral-Metálicas-Químicas 744,26 Sube 2,78 Metalmecánica 2.663,64 Baja 13,33 Manufactureras 371,83 Baja 10,24 Construcción 781,13 Sube 5,40 Comercio 188,73 Baja 2,29 Transportes-Comunicaciones 2.139,53 Baja 12,16 Bancos 2.160,49 Sube 32,40 Inmobiliarias 1.158,25 Baja 6,59 Vitoria , 23 may ( EFE ) .
L'Espluga de Francolí ( Tarragona ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Vitoria , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Sevilla , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Girona , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Bilbao , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Washington , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Vitoria , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE sfp2305001750 Valladolid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Navalmoral de la Mata ( Cáceres ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Torrelavega , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE - Cantabria Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Vitoria , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE sfp2305001810 Madrid , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Alcázar de San Juan ( Ciudad Real ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
San Sebastián , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Llodio ( Alava ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Andorra la Vella ( Andorra ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Montevideo , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE mb/ar/g Tordesillas ( Valladolid ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Palma , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Celrá ( Girona ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Luarca ( Valdes ) 23 may ( EFE ) .
Ceuta , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Llodio ( Alava ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Sevilla , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Cáceres , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Cascante ( Navarra ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE ME. MG Mar-23-May-2000 19:41 Bogotá , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
EFECOM amv/apf-c Santander , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE-Cantabria Londres , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Ejea de los Caballeros ( Zaragoza ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE saf/m Santander , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE-Cantabria Zaragoza , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Santander , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE-Cantabria Santander , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE-Cantabria Miami ( EEUU ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Barcelona , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Bruselas , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Berlín , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Miami ( EEUU ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
París , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Indice CAC-40 : 6.148,56 puntos ( anterior 6.094,17 puntos ) Las cotizaciones de las principales acciones fue la siguiente : ENERGIA : Elf Aquitaine : 197,90 ( -1,40% ) Total : 164,70 ( -1,47% ) TELECOMUNICACIONES : France Telecom : 137,30 ( +3,62% ) FARMACIA Y AGROQUIMICO Aventis : 66,80 ( +0,75% ) CONSTRUCCION Bouygues : 579,50 ( +2,48% ) Lafarge : 91,55 ( -1,45% ) BIENES DE EQUIPO Thomson-CSF : 37,50 ( -1,70% ) AUTOMOVIL Peugeot : 223,60 ( -0,36% ) OTROS BIENES DE CONSUMO L'Oreal : 770,00 ( -0,32% ) INDUSTRIA AGROALIMENTARIA Danone 275,50 ( +1,47% ) DISTRIBUCION Carrefour : 73,55 ( -0,47% ) Casino : 94,50 ( -2,58% ) SERVICIOS FINANCIEROS BNP : 94,85 ( +0,05% ) SOCIEDADES DE INVERSION Lagardere : 64,00 ( -2,22% ) EFECOM ac-c San Juan , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE omr/latn jla/rt Berlín , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Beirut , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Badajoz , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Río de Janeiro ( Brasil ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Valdetorres del Jarama , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
EFECOM ach//Mc Villarreal ( Castellón ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE jm tc mc/sab Bruselas , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Huesca , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Caracas , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Cornellá de Llobregat ( Barcelona ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Padua ( Italia ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Gijón , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE jg.jmv ( Con fotografía ) Florencia ( Italia ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Río de Janeiro , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Barcelona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Barcelona , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Santander , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Palma , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Rivas-Vaciamadrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Por Omar Marrero San Juan , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Barcelona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Londres , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Toledo , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Tarancón ( Cuenca ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Córdoba , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Barcelona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE AE Mar-23-may-2000 20:00 Toledo , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Temperaturas en ligero a moderado ascenso en el sureste de Castilla-La Mancha . por Afework Wolde Gaber Addis Abeba , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Ciutadella ( Menorca ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Palma , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Málaga , 23 may ( EFE ) .
TELEVENTA Asunción , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Guadalupe ( Cáceres ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Marbella ( Málaga ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Los Corrales de Buelna , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE-Cantabria Las Palmas de Gran Canaria , 23 may ( EFE ) .
San Sebastián , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE is2305001955 Quito , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Valladolid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
México , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Santander , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE dsp/jcz/ . . rs Vitoria , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Valladolid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Ceuta , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Barcelona , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
EFECOM MA /NJ/rq./cla Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Washington , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
San Sebastián , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Berlín , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Santander , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE-Cantabria París , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Bárcena de Pie de Concha , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE-Cantabria Gijón ( España ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Santander , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE jcz/dsp/gb/..rs ( Con fotografía ) Río de Janeiro , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Valencia , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Murcia , 23 may ( EFE ) .
San Sebastián , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Zaragoza , 23 may ( EFE ) .
El Puerto de Santa María ( Cádiz ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Oviedo , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE lm.jmv ( Con fotografía ) Pos Carlos del Amo Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE car/rs ( Con fotografía ) Melilla , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Vitoria , 23 may ( EFE ) .
México , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Duesseldorf ( Alemania ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Brasilia , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Badajoz , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Cádiz , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Río de Janeiro , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Santander , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE-Cantabria París , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Los relojes confiscados llevaban impresos las marcas " Rolex " , " Omega " , " Breitling " , " Ferrari " y " Armani " . por José A. Delgado Washington , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Barcelona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Oviedo , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Sevilla , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Melilla , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Santiago de Chile , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE mc/ns/c Vigo , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Logroño , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Caracas , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Sotrondio , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Viena , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
México , 23 may ( EFE ) .
París , 23 may ( EFE ) .
México , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE jar/gr/c Barcelona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Río de Janeiro , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Zaragoza , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Cartagena ( Colombia ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Sales de Llierca ( Girona ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Salamanca , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Ecija ( Sevilla ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Logroño , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Santiago de Compostela , 3 may ( EFE ) .
Cádiz , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
San Sebastián , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Acapulco ( México ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Barcelona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Bilbao , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Buenos Aires , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Roma , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Panamá , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
EFECOM fr/mc-c Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Málaga , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Barcelona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
LL/rq./cla ( añade un párrafo ) Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Santander , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Santander , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Barcelona , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Zaragoza 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Alexei Filipets ( Rus ) 15:22.70 París , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE ac-c Oviedo , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE lm . jmv / RS ( Con fotografía ) Ceuta , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
El PNV se abstuvo por entender que ha faltado transparencia mientras que CIU decidió no apoyarlas , aunque consideró que puede haber anomalías en un contrato de licencia con Alemania explotado por una empresa estadounidense . por Xavier Barros Nairobi , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Mérida , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Lagos , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Lérida , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Fráncfort ( RFA ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE JG-c Madrid , 23 may ( EFECOM ) .
Lima , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Terrassa ( Barcelona ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
San Sebastián , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE is2305002055 Valencia , 23 may ( EFE ) .
H. Frentzen ( ALE ) Jordan 1:15.63 80 290.1 km/h E. Bernoldi ( BRA ) Sauber 1:17.51 102 288.9 km/h G. Fisichella ( ITA ) Benetton 1:17.96 74 288.2 km/h L. Burti ( ITA ) Benetton 1:18.17 65 288.9 km/h J. Vesrtappen ( HOL ) Arrows 1:18.27 59 289.6 km/h Pantano ( ITA ) Jaguar 1:18.77 91 290.7 km/h Ciudad Real , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Asunción , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Málaga , 23 may ( EFE ) .
( añade un resultado ) Estrasburgo ( Francia ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
París , 23 may ( EFE ) .
París , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Santander , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Palma , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Quito , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Houston ( EEUU ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Plasencia ( Cáceres ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Valladolid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Washington , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Santander ( España ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Buenos Aires , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Washington , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Sarajevo , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Londres , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE pa-c Oviedo ( España ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Cancún ( México ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Beirut , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Padua , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Zagreb , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Presgov ( Eslovaquia ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Madrid , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Valencia , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Por Luis Villarejo París , 23 may ( EFE ) .
La Haya , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Sao Paulo ( Brasil ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Nueva York , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Nueva York , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE afa jla/rt Córdoba , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Mérida , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Londres , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE pa-c San Sebastián , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Nairobi , 23 may ( EFE ) .
EFE xb/jm/c Washington , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Gavá ( Barcelona ) , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Lisboa , 23 may ( EFE ) .
París , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Griñon , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Río de Janeiro , 23 may ( EFE ) .
Toenmalig minister van Financiën Philippe Maystadt ( PSC ) blokkeerde het dossier , zo leek Gantman te insinueren .
DJ Carl Cox , Jeff Mills , Trish and Kash , Dave Clarke , Geoffrey , Carl Cox , Laurent Garnier , Derrick May .. het zijn maar een paar voorbeelden van grote namen .
by eating yogurt you may live longer
he may get a tax refund
