Frogs love it , and in springtime birds swarm all over it , making off with beaksful of what must be nature 's most luxurious nest lining material ! 
Alice Modes ' windows were plastered with notices : ` Monster Sale " and ` Everything Must Go " . 
I suppose the house must seem full of clutter . " 
In the corner of the room is a large bed hung with a dark musty surrounding curtain . 
The room was festooned with cobwebs , the air musty and thick with dust and disuse . 
One thing becomes clear about large animal size : such creatures must have an abundant supply of food .
Changing the captain must be a strong possibility , not least because Carrick himself looked a little weary of wearing the crown of thorns . 
We must , nevertheless , beware of looking at Spain through Andalusian spectacles and generalizing from the violent and precarious structure of the latifundia districts . 
" Really we must see Baynes at once , " cried Holmes , picking up his hat .
She must have put the idea into his head herself : pinned it onto the back of his mind , like one of her flaming hairpieces . 
Fishermen must wear hairnets and fishing vessels must carry condoms . 
` Does n't matter but he must be nice , " Sarah pulled thoughtfully at her pink hair ribbon . 
But as Brown Owl pinned my Promise Badge on me , and said , ` I trust you to keep the Promise " , the excitement must have been too much for Natalie ! 
A ball sliced or hooked will be exaggerated by the wind , so if you are generally inaccurate you must be aware of this .
The timing must be very precise .
This priest outfit must be the most uncomfortable garment ever invented for Jungle travel . 
To coin another military metaphor , he must ` soldier on " knowing that all of this activity might well smack of sedition . 
It must be noted that this latter source , cited by Anthony Cordesman , can not be independently corroborated , and firsthand data on Iranian BW agents is unavailable in open sources .
If you want to suspend this policy you must send your certificate of motor insurance back to us .
Under the Israel -PLO autonomy agreement , the clauses must be revoked by spring , and Prime Minister Shimon Peres has said he would freeze further peace negotiations if Arafat did not make good on his promise .
The knight must be ready to fight hard when his prince required it of him ; he must never desert ; nor must he refuse to fight for the common good ; and , above all , he must fight fearlessly .
I think that Hamas is ready to join the political process , however , if the only price for the political price is you must fight Hamas , if that 's what they are requiring Abu Mazen to do , they are almost mandating that he will fail .
Having decided he must again race the tide , he began a desperate cumbersome run along the edge of the trough towards the breakwater .
He must have stopped falling pretty abruptly .
The Government must discontinue their stupid propaganda about empty properties and do something about them .
Recent business projections for Las Vegas predict challenges ; tourism revenues must increase substantially to sustain what is already built , while actual figures show visitation as steady or declining .
The architect must have been an opium fiend . 
For Michael Nader , sexy Dex Dexter of TV 's Dynasty , it was a nightmare in which he saw his own death that convinced him he must break the cocaine habit . 
There must be evidence adduced from which a conclusion can properly and genuinely be drawn that a contract existed and that the place of performance was the country in which the action was brought .
It must be noted that this latter source , cited by Anthony Cordesman , can not be independently corroborated , and firsthand data on Iranian BW agents is unavailable in open sources .
And there was one just next to the door that must have come in while I had been lying there , unable to move .
The objective must be to keep it simple , yet allow adjustment for up and down inclination of the camera and rotary motion .
However , in order to do this , it follows that you must be versatile and able to assume many different roles .
Czechoslovakia must count as one of the most beautiful countries in Europe .
These tortoise holes are often so long -- up to forty feet -- that judging from the tortoise 's slow rate of excavation they must have been made by several generations and are probably several centuries old .
Counsellors who are younger than those they counsel must similarly allow that the feelings of older people can be based on quite different values and assumptions from their own .
The only place I could think of was Stonehenge which must have been spanking new then and as up to date as a Hilton or an out-of-town Sainsburys .
Almost no attention has been paid to the peripheral vascular consequences of iron deficiency [ 37 ] . With iron deficiency , the poor oxygen-carrying capacity of the blood must be offset in order for the animal to develop to full maturity .
Buhle must point the finger at the other radical groups . 
Each borough is allowed a squad of 10 players , two of whom must be female , and these females must be involved in every game of the round robin competition sponsored by Littlewoods/Reebok . 
And with the Holy Father a prisoner and the Emperor in uncertain health , the situation of that little family must be arousing a host of eloquent prayers this minute . 
They , too , increase costs as businesses must surmount a host of differing national rules and regulations if they wish to trade in a number of Member States . 
They shuffle out to a soft rhythmic crunching underfoot , reminiscent of how the boots of Napoleon 's legions must have sounded trudging back through the Russian snows . 
it will attempt to establish that there is one human history , with one truth and one intelligibility -- not by considering the material content of this history , but by demonstrating that a practical multiplicity , whatever it may be , must unceasingly totalise itself through interiorizing its multiplicity at all levels . 
Of the 121 Winterhalters the bevy of bathing beauties in ` Florinda " is a must , and I suppose ` The First of May 1851 " , the most touching of the many splendid family portraits . 
One rapidly runs out of hands and must resort to fingers and toes , for after years of laboriously categorizing these languages , the number of different main branches ( called families and subfamilies ) came to about ten .
If a new set of different symptoms are seen , then another more appropriate remedy must be looked for . 
What you must beware of , however , is using all your bait on a massive shoal of small barbel . 
To shorten the odds on reproducing itself it must produce a significant crop of attractive fruit , but it can not do this without the framework on which to hang and parade its wares . 
She returned his beaming smile and let herself be checked in and taken up to a typical hotel room , high enough to see over the huddle of flat-roofed buildings towards what must be the Acropolis and Parthenon . 
Certainly Andy Roxburgh , the Scotland coach , must believe so after arriving here for Wednesday 's crucial World Cup qualifying match against France carrying a trio of injured players . 
It is not enough to enlarge a peasant 's piece of land , he must have the wherewithal to cultivate it .
" Parties to the conflict must not deliberately attack , target or kill civilians , " said Staffan de Mistura , who heads the U. N. mission in Afghanistan .
He reasoned that they must exist because of the fixed and numerically simple proportions in which elements combine to form compounds . 
The surface must not be touched and it must be stored in a cool dry place away from electrical equipment because it is magnetic .
no but when you say you enjoying enjoying the rain that uh you must be in a warm weather climate then
I guess they must have used all the NATO calibre ammo by now and have replenished with 5.56 mm weapons , either supplied by deserters in the Danuese battalions or captured .
The DAR must keep all their ammo in the bus , the Sandrat thought .
Your savings must total less than £6,000 though £1 of ‘ notional income ’ is added in when working out your income level for every £250 ( or part thereof ) of savings over £3,000 .
It boasted a team of five surgeons -- Doctors Slachman , Eisenstat , Bloodnott , Nudleman and Smith ( Smith must be a foreigner ) .
` Mrs Richards , I must call an ambulance . "
For the finale of creme brulee --- the chef must quickly brown and harden a layer of sugar on top - she used a blowtorch that refused to light at first .
Surely it must be as easy to microwave a portion of baked beans right , as it is to microwave it wrong , so why do the beans always arrive congealed and with a skin on them ? 
A local education authority must by law appoint a chief education officer ( Regan 1979:28 ) : the people appointed assume responsibilities within the major spending service provided by local government . 
Only Prime Loss Adjusters must be appointed for Home claims unless special circumstances arise . 
` That 's why we appointed you Acting Dean , so that there was someone to deal with what must inevitably be a great deal of troublesome business . 
` First , you must shed your armour and weapons . 
This must be a taste of how it was to be a Marine in armour , whose servo-suit responded to the motions of his body , magnifying these …
I I must try and cop him tomorrow . 
But the exercise of choice must be a special one , for it must alert the parties to the fact that they are about to enter a binding commitment from which they can not simply opt out . 
Visitors need a visa to enter China , and must disembark at the border ( now called `` boundary '' ) checkpoint , Lo Wai .
The pearls -- fake though they must be -- added a glow which echoed the delight in her face . 
They marched with their banners high and bravely fluttering , Mother Verity thinking something must be done to convert a man whose laughter was false and whose smile hid a bitter soul . 
If listeners were just keen to get into the ` real meat " of the Brahms second piano concerto , then genuine Brahms lovers must have been disappointed . 
Although information on WMD programs for many countries is often limited , when it comes to assessing Iran 's alleged CW program , one must sift through a mountain of information , much of which is long on allegation and short on specific , corroborated evidence .
No longer can the worth of an investment proposal be evaluated by looking at the immediate terms of the deal : the longer lasting impact of the structure of alliances must also be taken into account .
Here , we must make an assessment of the politics of funding community organizations and the dependency which that creates .
Marketing management must continually reappraise its channels of distribution in an attempt to effect cost savings .
` We must assist these children and I am told there are already 30 children on the waiting list for assessment . "
Still , in her heart , she must retain bitterness and hatred against those who had killed him and would presumably help so far as she could to have revenge upon them .
So Aaron and his sons must be cleansed , robed and their sins expiated by sacrifice before they may take office . 
They must be bonded with thermo-stable epoxy resin ( see Chapter 4 ) . 
It must have been either forged or welded to the cap or fitted hot and allowed to cool into position . 
This means they must be mounted on a strong flat base on a good floor -- not bouncy floorboards . 
As pressure mounts here and at home for U. S. troops to start leaving , the assault in Diyala province this month showed how far the Iraqis must go before they can stand on their own .
And when civil authority collapses in the face of an American assault , U. S. commanders must ensure the population is protected and fed , even if the offensive operations have not concluded , the manual says .
You must assail it with Bassey from one side and Streisand from the other , whereupon the hapless bird rips itself in half , uncertain which escape route to take .
With reluctance , Morton decided that he must make another attempt to identify the dead girl . 
But I know now I must save up my escape attempts . 
For example , if during the separation period you have attempted a reconciliation for five months then you must wait 
If the soul 's fate was indeed predetermined , it followed that all human endeavour to bring about its salvation must necessarily be in vain . 
Translator : The armed Intifada must end and we must use and resort to peaceful means in our quest to end the occupation and the suffering of the Palestinians , and the Israelis , and to establish the Palestinian state .
Well , as he says , we must each try our own way and see what comes of it .
We must beware of hysterical solutions to complex problems urged by people whose real motive is often hatred of industry and capitalism . 
` Now you must n't say things like that , "  Ruth admonished her . "  
She begged pardon at once for -- being so free as to presume I will be read but then , ma'am , you must blame yourself for encouraging in me that letter-writing soul . 
For we are taught both by the words of worthy men of old and by our experience that this is a most certain sign , and it has been found that even if she be urged and exhorted by solemn conjurations to shed tears , if she be a witch she will not be able to weep : although she will assume a tearful aspect and smear her cheeks and eyes with spittle to make it appear that she is weeping ; wherefore she must be closely watched by the attendants . 
Although we go into this matter more thoroughly in the companion paper , we reiterate here that this subjective use of the autocorrelation function to establish rhythmicity is not unprecedented ; in fact , it has been recommended as a valid approach to situations like our experiments where the number of data points is relatively small [ 30 ] . In general , it must be noted that the use of both tabulated and averaged data also supports this approach .
At least one member of a party of four must be on a list of persons who have attended a formal safety briefing which will be held at the beginning of each year .
Parents , and GPs must be alert to the symptoms . 
She believes that before any adult can reach his or her full potential , they must first turn their attention to healing the hurt child within . 
The marketer must therefore turn his attention to how to identify these factors so as to be able to construct an effective strategy . 
If Congress `` would not have enacted those provisions which are within its power , independently of that which is not , '' then courts must strike the provisions as a piece .
` We must avoid jumping to conclusions , " replied Thiercelin cautiously . 
It may be quicker for someone who hears well to reply , particularly when they know the answer and the question is unimportant , but this must be avoided at all cost . 
` And if you explain to Thomas that he 's not to touch things like that , but must come and tell you when he finds one , then he 'll avoid any danger in future . " 
The best hope for Buckingham Palace must be that the couple can avoid divorce , put their disappointments aside and agree on a distant but reasonably amiable working partnership . 
Stone conservators , for example , work with chemical solvents and resins and must take the utmost care to avoid any risk of damage . 
If an animal is to avoid fighting with another , stronger animal , it must first test how strong his opponent is . 
Clearly , the therapist must avoid taking sides in such discussion . 
To avoid queues at the Theatre box office patrons wishing to pay by credit card must do so 24 hours in advance of the performance . 
We must avoid any confusion at this late stage . 
Jonathan Speelman must avoid defeat in his seventh game against Jan Timman to stay in the match . 
Little was known about bacteria and viral infections , and they must have been hard to avoid without knowledge of modern hygiene standards , let alone the benefits of refrigeration and freezers . 
Convention demanded that a woman must skirt around the truth , fobbing off a man while leading him on . 
It is extremely important that the client must learn that avoidance of difficult situations is never an appropriate solution for their anxiety . 
After trading for some months , he has been approached by a company which says it owns the rights to the trade name Pizza Parlour and that he must desist from using it .
She was aware what her aunt 's next question must be . 
One must be to help shape public awareness about how Britain 's role in the world has changed . 
The piece tests the actor 's awareness and imagination to the full , but nevertheless makes precise demands on him : he must follow exactly what the author says . 
The development away from specialist child care to unified social services was the result of an increasing awareness that the family must be supported and assisted if child deprivation was to be avoided . 
We must not believe a word that Herman says , for she described her Christmas stocking differently , and with some pleasure . 
Aristotle believed that strict determinism must be rejected because it destroys the natural basis for distinguishing between voluntary and involuntary actions . 
The mind that can not conceive the benefits to accrue by a coming together and a binding by paternal ties of a people having common sympathy must be wayward indeed . 
The national legal rule must satisfy the autonomous European conception of being certain and ascertainable . 
The delight you must experience in the constant change of scene and the daily occurrences of so many objects of the highest interest is beyond our conception …
We must have some conception of how other people feel . 
Like many great villains , Daine must have no conception of how ludicrous he appeared much of the time . 
She hesitated , conscious that she was being required to take a decision that must change the whole course of her life . 
` If those are tracks , " she said , ` imagine what the things themselves must be like . " 
Whatever is known must be known by acquaintance or by description . 
Or must the information be known by both market professionals and the general public ? 
` You said we must think about what they know from bugging us while we were talking after they 'd gone . " 
` Though we knew by the place where he had fallen that it must have been at the very summit just as the path runs down the cliff to Kinghorn Manor . " 
Because these tales were not — as far as we know — collected in the Renaissance and because , like ballads and songs , they must have been subject to endless variation and mutual interference , we can not now know the Pedro de Urdemalas who endeared himself to the folk '' ( 218 ) .
Oedipa smouldered , knowing she must achieve self-actualization .
To do this , management protocols must be based on available knowledge on wound healing . 
Knowledge by a bird of a sibling 's appearance must necessarily be an imperfect guide to what a first-cousin will look like . 
His ability to intervene effectively must be a function of his ` hands on " experience supported of course by his conceptual knowledge of how the system functions . 
During interviews he denied all knowledge of how the fire started but investigators said he must have been awarethat Bailey had confessed to his wife . 
Ignorant me only knows of a Paris ` Conservatoire " , but I presume there must be such an august institution nearer to hand ( and foot ) . 
If an exogenously determined money stock can be taken for granted , then movements in money incomes and prices would not influence the money stock and so the causality must run in the direction presumed by monetarists . 
It must be presumed too that much of this effort would be concentrated on those stations used by Europeans , where they could expect to find every facility , including even letter-racks for their mail . 
` I reckon , " said Marie slowly , ` that you must think I 'm a right idiot . " 
Leopardstown is generally reckoned to be the model for the new Down Royal stand and there are certain similarities I must confess . 
` I reckon I know how Leonardo da Vinci must have felt . " 
It must be accepted that at the end of the interview the child may have given no information to support the suspicion of [ sexual ] abuse and the position will remain unclear. 9 . 
He must show , on the balance of probabilities , both that he did not examine the article and that he entertained no suspicions about the nature of its contents . 
Suspicions of foul play or insurrection must remain , if only as suspicions . 
Sara hated to think of how she herself must appear with her face devoid of make-up and her hair tumbled . 
I think that Hamas is ready to join the political process , however , if the only price for the political price is you must fight Hamas , if that 's what they are requiring Abu Mazen to do , they are almost mandating that he will fail .
The document said that study of Marxism-Leninism and Mao Zedong Thought must be intensified . 
It must be understood that the wondrous scores previously recorded are not entirely typical of the play as a whole , and that not each member of the team was a specialist in his field . 
There must always be the fear that , however good a writer may be involved , the depiction of mental handicap will be unrealistic because the writer will have no real understanding about the subject . 
This kind of mutuality can certainly happen between friends , though there must be a clear understanding by each as to the nature of the exercise , a proper respect for confidences and for each other 's judgment . 
Any discussion of crime must be cognizant of the fact that serious adverse consequences can and often do follow from being indifferent to the outcome of one's actions ( or inactions ) .
On one level all treaties and other international transactions affect strangers to the transaction , which must respect the allocation of values between the parties .
It allows the parties flexibility in that they may impose new conditions , but provides the third party with the safeguard that any new conditions must comply with the original treaty .
Anti-competition agreements between firms , such as collusive price-fixing , must be notified and are generally outlawed .
Translator : The armed Intifada must end and we must use and resort to peaceful means in our quest to end the occupation and the suffering of the Palestinians , and the Israelis , and to establish the Palestinian state .
Some care must be used in the application of this technique because , if the initial estimates of a i and T i are far from the correct values then , for the 3 - exponential case , it is possible for the solution to become stuck in a local minimum , far from the global minimum .
Particular regions on the coat proteins of viruses must bind to receptor molecules in the cell membrane before the viruses can enter animal cells . 
Young people must discover faith for themselves and make it truly their own if they are to find a foundation for life . 
I must admit , however , that I was somewhat surprised when , some five days after the crime , I opened my morning paper to find in large letters :
It must be noted that Dr . Bruno Schiefer , the Canadian toxicologist approached by Iran , was doubtful that Iran would use the strains for illicit BW purposes .
It must be noted that this latter source , cited by Anthony Cordesman , can not be independently corroborated , and firsthand data on Iranian BW agents is unavailable in open sources .
` Their mother must have noticed a difference in them . 
To start with you must teach the computer to recognise your writing by giving it examples of the way you write individual letters . 
But her thoughts were brought to an abrupt end , as she descried two figures on their way up the path , and knew she must vacate the viewpoint for Rosie and her Francisco . 
One must try to locate the precise questions with which to replace Marx 's schematism . 
They can not breed without water , and their thin skins must be kept moist or they will dehydrate and die .
It must have begun to seem that there was nothing the British film producer could do to challenge the place of American films on the nation 's screens . 
A television producer in an agency must combine technical skill and judgement with meticulous administration , financial acumen and considerable tact , particularly when working with the agency creative team . 
We must abandon our leave and return to active service .
Training sessions should be fun , and the dog must be encouraged as an active participant .
The onus must now be on the industry to provide more secure machines and on users to make sure that their own security procedures ( including the simple step of locking office doors ) is unimpeachable .
Secure : Any store must be secure and kept locked unless under continuous observation by a suitable person to prevent unauthorised entry .
The pasted patches of grass must shine in the distance like lighthouses and the pack 's trails , perfumed by their paws , must stretch ahead like lines of reflector studs down the middle of a motorway . 
The theme of many of the leaflets plastered over church walls is the same : ` The police state methods must change . "
At various points the text is misleading — for instance , ‘ if a child is born stillborn , a baptism must be carried out … by a senior nurse or a Catholic nurse . ’ 
So the meaningfulness must be located elsewhere .
This means that the Directory must be able to handle national characters not found in the US-ASCII repetoire .
For all errors , the necessary corrections must be made before any installations or deinstallations will be accepted .
However , if an express agreement is required , how it is to be given must be determined .
All must be done with the required ceremony .
In the parliamentary democracies the parties must be able to mobilize the masses to vote every so often , but very few countries make voting compulsory .
All the initial keywords are compulsory with the exception of FOREIGN-SET-IS which must be omitted if the module type is not foreign .
If the less frequently attacked male groin must be protected by a guard , then it follows that chest protectors ought to be compulsory for female contestants .
They certainly must have thought Malcolm was fishy , dressed as he was in black leather from head to toe .
This small storage room is full of old and rotted roots and tubers , sacks of rotted and musty-smelling grain , barrels of reeking and vinegary wine and beer , jars of moulded fruits , and suchlike . 
And because I am in the public eye it is important that I fight back , that I show the world that the police are not infallible and that the rotten apples in the barrel must be exposed . 
` Corked " wine has a powerful pong , rather like musty , mouldy walnuts , and current estimates hold that two out of every 100 bottles are affected . 
Unfortunately the fireworks must have seeded the thick clouds overhead because it absolutely poured with rain , and we got soaked . 
Richard Gough is unmatched by any current English central defender and Spurs must still be cursing the day they let him go . 
There must be nothing worse than to find , after a couple of decades of academic graft , that there is a whole world of ideas out there of incomparable pedigree that has become inaccessible . 
He added : ` As a community , we must do all in our power to encourage the planting of new trees and preserve our existing tree and woodlands . " 
" You must know the moor like the back of your hand . " 
She must have galloped through marsh and mire for an hour . 
He sounded weary and she was reminded that he must be very tired . 
` You must be dead beat with everything -- and me going on and on . "
Striker Paul Wilkinson must also be suffering fatigue as the only ever-present outfield player . 
Already exhausted from her night 's activities , she was also acutely aware that she must give no sign of tiredness for fear of arousing suspicion . 
“ Thus , ” said the fat man , “ your message must be distinctly urgent … ” 
She must have been sixteen or seventeen summers old , tall and slender , and her eyes were as blue as a clear summer sky . 
` That must be French work , " he said , pointing to my scars . 
Deep wounds must be stitched together to help the healing process and they tend to leave scars . 
He was one-eyed with a great purple birthmark across his face ; he must be the same fellow who had been closeted so secretly with Irvine at the Sea Barque in Leicester . 
Some modern gardeners report that handling the leaves of this plant can cause a blistering rash on sensitive skin , so it must obviously be treated with respect , but there is a good chance that oil of rue would prove to be a successful repellent for most misbehaving cats . 
His wife must not only train up her children and maids in fear of God but attend to the wounds and sores of parishioners with her own hands . 
Even so , the snow there was calf-deep , so that George needs must lift his legs at each step , making walking an effort . 
But Louis was on deck and Gomez shrugged his apologies : ` I must get the trucks loaded . 
Seeing my disappointment he winked an eye and said , ` Well , I must admit that it makes a good story " . 
The smaller man writhed on the ground in authentic agony , screaming and calling for help as the two bigger men pounded him with their feet and fists -- an expert job , I must say . 
I must have missed the next few sentences. ` -- and weirdly compelling , " he finished , almost smacking his lips under that ridiculously trendy moustache .
He must have been pleased or he would have been stamping round here by now . " 
She realised she must be flushed after that , and she stopped , a little breathless at her own cheek . 
` You must be very fit , " she said in an odd tone , staring at his chest . 
Clearly , the first seems to call for `` a model , '' for the name , surrounded by punctuation becomes less significant ; also , in that sequence the reader is not boxed into the corner of obligation where he must stand , face to the wall , if unaware of who this `` in '' personage might be .
If he was all on the same scale as his foot he must certainly have been a giant . "
Allen , who has missed the last four games , said : ` I must admit I was a little concerned and went to see the same specialist that did the operation on my groin before . 
Her hair was glossy , perfectly straight and almost black , and it hung thickly around her perfectly-shaped head in a faultless bob that must have been done at Brisbane 's most exclusive hair salon . 
She swept her sodden hair back from her face thinking she must look a proper sight . 
She clashed her talons on the bars , brought her beak down on them as well in a way that must have pained her , and swung sideways towards Creggan . 
Properly done , this prevents the ferret from opening its mouth , but care must be taken to make sure that the animal 's whiskers are neither disturbed nor disarranged . 
I must confess that in all the times I read Madame Bovary , I never noticed the heroine 's rainbow eyes . 
No need for a hat , but the hair must be pulled off the face to minimise distraction and caught at the nape in a black band into which she would stick a single green feather . 
` Forgive me , I must go and powder my nose . 
He rubs his nose and fiddles with his ear , he must be insecure ! " we say . 
The liver must be in contact with the skin of the user , however , to be used . 
Even though I come from Cuba and have naturally dark skin , it 's very dry so I always carry my Must de Cartier body lotion with me . 
She was aware how awkward she must seem to the older woman , if not exactly all fingers and thumbs , certainly all arms and legs . 
The line must have tangled , because the next thing I knew , or rather felt , was a searing pain in my thumb as the hook dug in . 
He watched her climb on to the chair , and she saw him grin at the sight of her sore rump , which she thought must burn as brightly as any beacon . 
Visitors need a visa to enter China , and must disembark at the border ( now called `` boundary '' ) checkpoint , Lo Wai .
Visitors need a visa to enter China , and must disembark at the border ( now called `` boundary '' ) checkpoint , Lo Wai .
He must , however , find some way of persuading her not to brag to the other members of the delegation about his suggestions . 
Merseyside Coroner Roy Barter told the Liverpool hearing that she must have inhaled the bacteria as it floated through the air as vapour from a contaminated hot water outlet . 
He drew in deep , deep breaths of air ; then , almost quietly now , he told himself he must find Martin . 
To normalise 1 , the lexical roots must be altered , as no adjustment of closed set items has a noticeable effect : He exhaled a carcinogenic puff of smoke . 
Terrestrial amphibians respire through their skin and to do this must keep it moist with mucus .
The Doctor 's trousers must not be hauled down . 
You must drive Eileen over to meet Bobby and Jill .
Mick and me must drive them all there .
As far as we knew every previous expedition had ferried the sheep by dinghy , a tedious operation which must have been hard on both men and sheep , to say nothing of the dinghy . 
` Bring them into the kitchen , please , " she said , her hands clasped tightly together , ` I must tell them all the bad news personally . " 
Obviously parents must show a degree of control here and do as I do by restricting playing time , although that is admittedly difficult with all these portable devices now on the market .
But you must not build shops and hotels in the graveyard . 
Recent business projections for Las Vegas predict challenges ; tourism revenues must increase substantially to sustain what is already built , while actual figures show visitation as steady or declining .
Before a skyscraper can be built , a feng shui ( see page 68 ) investigation must take place to ensure that the site and the building will promote health , harmony , and prosperity .
He must have constructed a pretty good strong bow too ( according to my detailed instructions ) which would by now no doubt be broken into unidentifiable pieces in distant undergrowth . 
However , since you have no doubt spent hours piecing this letter together ( must have taken you hours , my dear , to get all those words out ) -- I 'll grudgingly acknowledge its existence .
However , since you have no doubt spent hours piecing this letter together ( must have taken you hours , my dear , to get all those words out ) -- I 'll grudgingly acknowledge its existence .
As the words of a sentence are being recognised , using their orthographic structure , their sentence context or whatever , then they must be pieced together to reconstruct the underlying meaning of the sentence .
It must relate to my first sight of my mother 's genitals -- but not the last -- for we lived in just one room . 
For these purposes the simulator must be available before the main control room is constructed . 
Even if they locked him in a dark cell and pulled out all his teeth with rusty pliers , he must keep his promise to Sweetheart and tell them nothing . 
The kangaroo court decided the punishment must fit the crime and ruled that he stay in his cell during the jailhouse comedy . 
The display cell must be built between crossed polarisers . 
` Then you must sleep out in the corridor . " 
With the infill piece in place , turning the vee berths in the forecabin into a double , one must dress in the lobby . 
The young free-tailed bats must also eventually leave their nursery . 
But when she went out , she saw the girl who had been doing the flowers waiting in the porch , and guessed that she must be the Vicar 's wife . 
The country must build a working repository by about 1998 . 
When we finally make proposals to build a repository we must be confident they will satisfy safety standards that are amongst the toughest in the world . 
It was only then it dawned on him that there must be another exit from the storeroom . 
He must have left the study shortly after herself , and practically sprinted up here . 
` Oh Christ , they must have decided to walk ! " he said angrily , and ran from the study . 
In time you will come to a stone vestibule , with two doors leading to branching passages you must not follow , and a low curtained door leading on and downwards . 
The student must not be allowed to leave the ward with the feeling expressed by Sir John Davies in Nosce Teipsum : 
In the afternoons , she must always be home at 4.30 -- so that the carer can take her to the lavatory before leaving for the day . 
We must burrow the earth , break rocks , dig mines , construct houses . 
My Lords , section 87 does not stipulate that the successor must have resided at a particular house for 12 months but only that he should have resided with the deceased tenant for that period . 
" Yes , sir , there must have been some very strange people with some very strange ways in this house .
Inspector Baynes , considering that such a visit must have some purpose in view and was likely , therefore , to be repeated , abandoned the house but left an ambuscade in the shrubbery .
From here , Norse longboats were sighted , ever before a castle was raised : fishing-boats must have perished within earshot ; the sunlight on the water ( to paraphrase Louis MacNeice 's poem ) hardened and grew cold . 
Anyone suffering from a mental handicap and who is living in a mental hospital must complete a declaration that he or she wishes to register for the right to vote . 
Jones is hoping for an offer of compensation from the local authority and must now look forward with added enthusiasm to 1991 , when Giants are scheduled to move into their own purpose-built , multi-sport arena . 
The Reverend Richard Rowland Ward , who built the hall in 1821 , must have been a desperately romantic character . 
He built them a pagoda of solid jade and embellished it with precious gems -- not realising that to grow up a dragon must accumulate its own hoard , must steal it from Emperors and princes . 
Before a skyscraper can be built , a feng shui ( see page 68 ) investigation must take place to ensure that the site and the building will promote health , harmony , and prosperity .
` If we are going to build the best stadium in England , it must be matched by the team . 
Before a skyscraper can be built , a feng shui ( see page 68 ) investigation must take place to ensure that the site and the building will promote health , harmony , and prosperity .
Publishers must ensure that universities do not become vast , cheap rate republishing businesses . 
The catering business itself is regulated by various Acts of Parliament which impose duties and standards of conduct that must be observed . 
Recent business projections for Las Vegas predict challenges ; tourism revenues must increase substantially to sustain what is already built , while actual figures show visitation as steady or declining .
I must admit , however , that I was somewhat surprised when , some five days after the crime , I opened my morning paper to find in large letters :
I must admit , however , that I was somewhat surprised when , some five days after the crime , I opened my morning paper to find in large letters :
A final statement yesterday said : `` While some advances are being made in nations throughout the hemisphere , the state of press freedom in the Americas still must be regarded as grim as long as journalists and their families are subject to the crudest form of censorship : death by assassination . ''
Anyone who takes part must register as soon as he or she has completed 15 minutes ' exercise , between midnight tonight and 10.30pm tomorrow . 
A reminder that if you are going to the game , of course if is all tickets , so you must get your tickets from Oxford United before setting off on Tuesday evening . 
The flights must be booked between today and midnight on New Year 's Day and tickets remain valid until the end of March . 
Anyone who takes part must register as soon as he or she has completed 15 minutes ' exercise , between midnight tonight and 10.30pm tomorrow . 
Unlike true aquatic plants , those of the bog garden must be planted during the traditional planting season which extends from early autumn until late spring . 
So a national curriculum in English must reflect our values and beliefs , and we need to be as explicit about these as possible . 
But I find Ruether to be fully justified : one must , as a theologian , make some judgement as to what the scriptures are about , and Ruether is explicit as to how she reads . 
All employees must receive explicit information about the vision , values , priorities , and rewards that will govern the new state or condition . 
However , you must be very honest when looking at your mare , because dubious mares breed dubious foals . 
For a truthful picture of India in 1947 , you must turn to fiction . 
He must be frank and truthful , hold his peace when he is not sure of himself , and speak diffidently even when he is confident . 
Further , we must ask ourselves , do we really want total honesty in communication ? 
Ants engaged in all three behaviors must be able to identify other nestmates and their current tasks ( as well as indicate to other ants their own nestmate status and current task ) , walk , navigate both within and outside of the nest , and of course switch tasks at appropriate times .
To act ethically , you must first be able to act at all .
This means that the Directory must be able to handle national characters not found in the US-ASCII repetoire .
After all , I began by stating that a bacterium swimming upstream in the glucose gradient was acting on its own behalf in an environment , defined an autonomous agent as a physical system able to act on its own behalf , then asked what a physical system must be such that it can act on its own behalf .
We must be able to reach all youth and families interested in values-based programs .
In the case of midden work , Antie must be able to identify garbage , grasp it , carry it out of the nest , and deposit it about halfway down the mound before returning to repeat the process ad infinitum ( or until stimulated to switch behaviors ) .
The presiding officer must decide , when a person tries to vote , if he is suffering from mental illness , is subnormal , intoxicated and so lacks the capacity to understand what he is doing .
If the goal is to show comparability to usual care , then studies must provide adequate statistical power to show that the lack of a difference truly exists .
This phenomenon must be considered in calculations of sample size and power during design of future trials , and also may influence how clinical and regulatory bodies interpret trial results .
The villa must sleep ten at least .
You must be in a position to support your mother if anything should befall myself . 
So sorry about your hubby 's mishap though , it must be awkward having no arms and legs at all now , I did shout for you to stop but the wind was blowing the other way . 
` My players must class the replay as the most important game of the season and ignore the Rumbelows Cup and the promotion race . 
Surely if the courts and lawyers limit themselves to medical criteria as justifying their sex classification system , they must follow expert opinion . 
One must expect this and while we are trying to understand fully the development of dune shapes and dune systems , it is necessary that researchers should classify dunes on a descriptive basis . 
He must be careful not to follow any ` red herrings " that will result in him classifying his fossil on the basis of ambiguous similarities . 
I see now the relentless laying down of guilt , and I feel a faint surprise that I must interpret it that way . 
What must be clear in a transcript of this kind is that a great deal of interpretation by the analyst has gone on before the reader encounters this ` data " . 
Such conventions are prescribed neither by statute nor by judicial interpretation , so one must study instead scholarly interpretations of political behaviour and practice . 
Councils must regard young people leaving care as vulnerable and in priority need of housing . 
No real violence may be done , intentionally , to either party and as accidental injury may cause the definition of the situation to change quite radically , it must be avoided . 
By attempting to show that the monetary changes were not associated with the changes in national income , they concluded that it must be the change in the money supply that causes the change in national income . 
It must be said at once that nothing remotely as strong as this is required by the proposition that to explain an event is to find its cause . 
We must make it possible .
` One passage tries to transform multi-cultural education into a form of Orwellian thought control by telling teachers that children must be taught to acknowledge the positive aspects of homosexual and lesbian households , " she says .
However , before the sale can go ahead the Trust must obtain permission from the courts to modify the will of the Trust 's founder , Sir Henry Wellcome .
As its temperature increases , a higher pressure must be employed to liquefy it ( see table 3.4 ) . 
Before a skyscraper can be built , a feng shui ( see page 68 ) investigation must take place to ensure that the site and the building will promote health , harmony , and prosperity .
It goes without saying that once the primary structure has failed there must be provision for the failure to be detected by some means before the redundant structure itself is weakened by continuous flight loads .
If there is heavy rain , the spillways must be enlarged to allow the floodwater to escape before the dam bursts . 
As a result of this , multinationals and large companies must reappraise their plans for expansion by cross-border acquisition and merger in the light of EC competition policy . 
In recognising this we must not underestimate the contribution made to the industrialising economy by the earlier expansion of manufacturing in response to home and overseas demand . 
We must make sure we do n't keep on disturbing the seed 's growth by constantly going back to the same people and badgering them . 
We are fighting a barbarian , and we must beat him . 
` You must n't hit people in the stomach . 
Then Musto joined in , kicking him on the head . 
They must have kicked him very hard for it to be so tender . 
I was slightly worried , I must admit , that he would knife me . 
A MOTHER stabbed to death by her jealous husband made a secret will stating that he must never be allowed to care for their son . 
The case of Donoghue v. Stevenson is noted moreover for the general test as to liability in negligence propounded by Lord Atkin where he says : ` You must not injure your neighbour . 
I believe he must have waited among the gorse bushes through which the path winds and struck him down as he passed .
Even Wormwood Scrubs must have more to offer , thought Henry as he rattled the coffee machine on the third floor , than Harris , Harris and Overdene . 
She dragged a hand through her hair , only too aware of how she must look . 
She must have forgotten a few things in the holidays , like the time I pushed her in the school goldfish pond . 
In this new life which had been thrust upon her , she felt that she must surround herself with a little group of servants whom she knew to be loyal to her . 
You must turn your back , shut your eyes , and toss it over your shoulder . " 
The lamp must also have a starter to heat the electrodes to a temperature where they begin to emit electrons . 
After storage , care must be taken not to chill tubers during grading and transportation to the factory . 
Each part must be individually dried off and sprayed with oil to prevent corrosion and then put back in place . 
Philip sharpened one of his pencils that Lee must have broken , sharpened it too much and the lead broke again .
Translator : The armed Intifada must end and we must use and resort to peaceful means in our quest to end the occupation and the suffering of the Palestinians , and the Israelis , and to establish the Palestinian state .
People must believe that you 're such a tough shit you would snap them in half if they sneezed . 
You must smash the egg quickly or else it will hatch out again and hound you until you get the knight again , or he gets you . 
On top of the many sacrifices public servants already must make -- disclosure , lower pay , restrictions on what they can do after they leave -- they must increasingly bank on being gratuitously ripped apart by a totally politicized confirmation process .
In such a case , the tube must be rotated before the elastic sail tensioner is stretched into position in the nock slot . 
On the top of this wall stood Harry Dunstaple , shouting and waving his sabre as if conducting an orchestra , shouting for the men to hasten , for the Cutcherry must be blown up before the charging enemy could reach it and disturb the train .
Mental health services must be able to cope with individuals whose mental disorder is so severe that the person creates serious disturbance or threat to others .
A commonality of interest ensures such cooperation takes place : the creation of a single financial space must create an environment which engenders the growth and development of derivative market activities .
The phones ringing on each floor must have awakened Anna , for she could hear bare feet padding overhead . 
The whole house was quiet and she told herself that she must be careful not to awaken the two other sleeping inhabitants . 
` I 'm sure you understand that I must feel absolutely certain that you would n't share our secret -- with anyone , " he explained to her . 
You must , therefore , be certain , I repeat , certain beyond reasonable doubt that Paul Menzies could have committed such an evil crime as murder . 
They are certain there must be a number of people who could benefit . 
We must be confident . 
In the absence of a full index , users must be sure of selecting the appropriate main class before consulting the index of a specific class . 
But this time his confidence seemed so genuine , so unevasive , that I must admit I felt my throat tighten . 
Darling , you must n't let him sap your confidence . 
Crawford had lost so much confidence before taking on the play that he decided he must live the part and put everything into it . 
Benskins increased his rent by £6,000 last year and John is convinced they must have known then that leases policy . 
She brings home everything except potatoes and anyone who says that one ca n't get fresh vegetables in London must do her shopping by telephone , she is convinced . 
So vague , indeed , is Mustakimzade that one is led to suspect that he doubts the validity of Abdulkerim 's claim to the Muftilik . 
Simon must never doubt who his son is . 
It must be noted that Dr . Bruno Schiefer , the Canadian toxicologist approached by Iran , was doubtful that Iran would use the strains for illicit BW purposes .
Her momentary uncertainty must have showed , for he added with a throaty chuckle , ` But no night watches . " 
And so there must be an element of doubt over having updated from nineteen eighty one here to nineteen eighty nine . 
` There must be serious doubts as to whether he is strong enough to shift the party behind him . " 
She obviously needed him , and so the awkwardness must be prolonged .
Resistance was prolonged from December to February 1947 when at length Sukarno secured approval for the change by putting his position to the test : if they refused , they must find a new president .
It must be sensible to delay breeding until the mare has had a chance to prove herself as a sound , willing ride . 
If people want to discuss matters of general concern , they must get themselves elected to this Congress . 
Faced with his second mutiny in barely a day Jones agreed , though insisting his men must not search or damage the house but merely demand the family silver . 
Those in smaller ponds must experience much lower temperatures when the water about them freezes . 
Looking down on the land over seven miles below from the lofty heights where jet streams vaporize behind you , it was hard to imagine the difficulties the old man must have faced .
Then the water vapour which condensed into oceans must have come from early volcanic activity and from the gaseous components of the solid Earth itself . 
Soldering must be carried out with great care , noting that most ties will melt instantly if touched by a soldering iron or molten solder . 
This must mean , in terms of the figure , an increase in the number of a and b elements activated by the stimuli , something that can be represented diagrammatically in more than one way .
In reality the mind must activate many schemata at once , each interacting with the other .
Recent business projections for Las Vegas predict challenges ; tourism revenues must increase substantially to sustain what is already built , while actual figures show visitation as steady or declining .
I shall have to write in small letters as my pile of paper has considerably diminished , but write it I must . 
Recent business projections for Las Vegas predict challenges ; tourism revenues must increase substantially to sustain what is already built , while actual figures show visitation as steady or declining .
Because they contain water , they must be stored in conditions where the temperature will not drop below 5°C , and must not be applied in cold , damp conditions , or when there is high humidity . 
Use of renewable energy " must triple " to meet EC carbon targets 
They were both very fair complexioned , and they chatted sporadically to each other in a language foreign to Mr Frizzell , who imagined that they must be Dutch or German . 
He looked at Rachel , said curtly , ` Miss Swift , I must insist we speak privately . " 
It 's eerie walking silently between these ghost summer villages that must have once echoed to children playing , women gossiping and men complaining about being paid for their labours with books of Gaelic poetry . 
The room smelt stale and musty with the pungent odour of the fat tallow candles placed on the desk . 
The room smelt stale and musty with the pungent odour of the fat tallow candles placed on the desk . 
` He stinks too , and those clothes must be crawling . 
If she opts for cardiotocography it must be done properly and not haphazardly .
I shall not sleep , she told herself , I must not sleep , and shivered in her nightdress on the edge of the single bed , afraid to reach up to the hook for her dressing gown . 
` I must say the old trousers he wears let him down a little -- but at the wedding he 'll wear his best suit . 
She grabbed the wrap and hugged it round her , agonisingly aware of the swollen-eyed wreck she must look in the brightness . 
Travis straightened from one last study of the map , tucking it inside his shirt and pocketing a compass that he must have found on the plane too . 
His shirt was so white that it must have been starched . 
Visiting staff must use an observation area , if available ; if not , they must conform to local safety rules , including the use of protective clothing . 
His first action must be to unloose that dreadful knotted necktie ; he pulled at it but it was too tight to move while he held the body in his arms . 
` If you do not wish people to become interested , you must tie your scarf more securely . 
A group of chattering women in torn dresses and faded shawls entered the shop and Hari moved quickly towards the door , she must not hamper Ben when he should be working . 
Actually , nobody gave us a second look as they must have presumed I was trying to get inside her knickers . 
I must have I 've taken your apron off . 
Theda decided , so relieved that she barely took in the poor quality of his attire , thinking only that the delay must have been made more acceptable to him by a lengthy sojourn in the tap-room . 
Before you can view any piece of your garment in the EXACT STITCH LAYOUT section , you must enter the details of your main stitch tension on the TENSIONS screen . 
I stood entranced , as I must confess I always did , while she slipped her shiny white military-style raincoat off its hanger behind the door and buttoned herself into it . 
While Mr Stych was canoeing back down a tributary of the Mackenzie- already dangerous with chunks of ice , to an appointment with a helicopter , Mr Frizzell was trying on his last year 's brocade waistcoat and finding it too small ; Mr MacDonald , Ian 's father , was winding up a trying compensation case for his insurance company at Vermilion ; and Mr MacDonald ( oil ) was trying to explain to his superiors in Sarnia , Ontario , why he must be back in a place like Tollemarche by the middle of December . 
Let me be buried in lead at Claydon next to where your father proposes to lie himself , and let no stranger wind me , nor do not let me be stripped , but put a clean smock on me , and let my face be hid and do you stay in the room and see me wound and laid in the first coffin , which must be of wood if I do not die of any infectious disease , else I am so far from desiring it that I forbid you to come near me . 
Then suddenly she became aware of how inelegant she must look , sprawled there with her skirt up around her hips and her bra dangling out of her open blouse . 
It 's a diverting little game in itself ; stencilled shirts and girls in bras -- the Manics must be in town . 
Unfortunately , anyone phoning who wants to buy shiny tights with the word ` climb " on them must be referred to The Samaritans . 
They must have been close to the same age , but Sandra looked very young , like a petulant child wearing the costume of a grown woman . 
Must remember this when tempted into the local hen shop. ) 9 pm Ben Frow arrives to try on costumes for Re:Joyce . 
In her blue dress with the big , lace collar , she must have looked as strange to the other customers as they did to her . 
Gerbier , for instance , says on window design that they ‘ must be as high again as wyde … ’ and that their mouldings needed ‘ the broad brim of a good hat to a travaileur on a rainy day ’ . 
Criteria for granting leave will depend on the nature of the application although the welfare of the child must always be the court 's paramount consideration . 
Equally , the human considerations of where a settlement is placed in a region are as important as the physical characteristics of the landscape which must be allowed for . 
It must also be taken into consideration that the generative system is being used for an application alien to its originally design . 
“ My good girl , you must be very naïve — as naïve , apparently , as my dear stepsister — if you think I 'd contemplate even for one moment sharing these very cramped quarters with you . 
They were silent for a moment , Rachel trying to contemplate what it must be like to be entirely alone in the world , then , as a sudden thought hit her she glanced up . 
The outcome of State Department deliberations in the first four months of 1949 was that the character of the occupation must be changed so as to afford the Japanese more legitimate freedom of action . 
Why must each separate moment of the work be dwelt upon ? 
John Major must have pondered that question several times in past months as various Cabinet ministers depended on his support after making curious decisions on public or private issues . 
While you ponder this month 's challenge , I must admit that the first competition , about the Teddy box , has proved a cathartic experience for me . 
Because by definition it is not related to an existing settlement , it is not in the greenbelt , it must be in the countryside .
In the very off chance that you come across archaeological finds such as ancient anchors , wine - jars , even sculpture , they must be reported to local municipal authorities .
The Poitevin barons must have felt the way Henry Morgan 's old associates were to feel when he was appointed Governor of Jamaica with orders to stamp out piracy . 
` Well , " said the courier , ` you and your confederates must accomplish what you came to do . 
If firms are to collude tacitly , they must somehow choose prices and outputs which are sustainable by a credible punishment strategy that also has to be tacitly agreed upon . 
But what must the hypocritical collusion of government officials in this illegal activity have done to the way corporate officials regard laws against corporate behaviour more generally ? 
We must all work together in close cooperation to provide the best possible service for our clients .
Clearly , the fabric , color , and style must also match .
This means that after sewing a bundle of items of one color , an operator must not only change the needle thread but also put in a new bobbin for each new color of fabric .
It must allow plenty of ventilation or the condensation that will form inside the tank could not only encourage the spread of disease but also , in extreme cases , drown the caterpillars . 
Charles decided he must talk to her when the opportunity arose . 
It must be said , however , that it is something of an injustice to him to do this , since his ideas and interests subsequently developed in a number of important ways . 
To overcome such problems a banker must examine the available financial statistics to ascertain the creditworthiness of the proposed borrower . 
The police , he concluded , must possess ` an unswerving commitment to communication and consultation within which police and the community are equal partners . " 
` And all parasites must be destroyed , " Jinkwa concluded . 
One must , of course , be cautious in drawing conclusions from only two visits to an institution , but I can perhaps summarize my general impressions . 
Jumping to the conclusion that the biggest must therefore be the best could be a mistake . 
Eventually , she deduced the kid must have gone to find Nathan , who 'd slept in that morning and missed breakfast . 
By analogy , we can hope to deduce what must be in an animal 's head by observing what it does . 
He must draw deductions about what he thinks took place from the evidence that is presented to him . 
Dot guessed by the papery men lurking inside the walls that she must be ill . 
I felt angry and humiliated at the time of the argument but I can guess at how he must have felt . 
She was waiting for him to make some reply , and he said slowly : ` I guess you must be homesick , now Captain Dawson is n't here . " 
It is not difficult to infer where the information on curvature must come from . 
For if one supposes that all good things become valueless if you remove the pleasure , one may infer that all the value must lie in the pleasure . 
Second , when making an assessment , information about what a child is able to do in one situation must necessarily form the basis of inferences about what a child might be able to do in other situations . 
We must make inferences about the health status of the survivors from these data . 
Because progress in learning a language is continuous but uneven , the definition of the different levels of attainment must in certain respects be a matter of judgement . 
It must be realised that fractals are hierarchies with the particular property that the successive levels are geometrically similar ( either exactly or on the average ) . 
It was soon realized by many of the middle class that ` time is money " and consequently must be carefully regulated and used economically . 
The White House , Pentagon and State Department must determine how to meet Obama 's pledge to begin a " significant " drawdown in July .
While all these contrivances give us the pleasure of moving water , we must spare a thought for the plants beneath . 
It must at this point be noted that it is only philosophers of science who cook up these theories about the ideal form of scientific reasoning . 
They must take this into account when devising t heir own waste-management policies . 
This can be purchased at any computer supply store ( it 's basically isopropyl alcohol ) , then you must activate the disk drive . 
This practical data must be successfully communicated to clients before they are invited to sign a contract , thereby committing them to purchase the new property . 
Anglers might be tempted into thinking that they may be able to purchase the Bivvy Dome cheaper direct from camping shops , but they must remember , as with many items , various different qualities exist . 
There must be a delivery to the subsequent purchaser of the goods or documents of title . 
He knows so much about these things that he must be involved in some way , but he lets you have bits and pieces of information because you pay him . " 
The several price quotations which have been collected for each of the 350 items in the ` basket " must be averaged and then divided by the average price of that item in January 1985 . 
EC beef exported to west Africa sells for as little as a quarter of the price shoppers in Britain must pay . 
One must be realistic in one 's promises to patients in respect of their admission to hospital for non-life threatening operations . 
` She will , my dear , I promise , but you must give her a chance . 
One such society , the Ribbonmen , decided that Father Cavanagh must be punished for preaching non-violence , and swore a solemn oath to cut off the priest 's ears . 
Her threat to leave the job had been an idle one , and whatever ill feeling there had been between her and Jenny must have been papered over . 
Saddam threatened that " if words fail to protect Iraqis , something effective must be done to return things to their natural course and return usurped rights to their owners " . 
The artist must undertake to act reasonably at all times if offered fair advice by his or her manager . 
You must , therefore , be certain , I repeat , certain beyond reasonable doubt that Paul Menzies could have committed such an evil crime as murder .
I must admit , however , that I was somewhat surprised when , some five days after the crime , I opened my morning paper to find in large letters :
In some cases , transcription factors may bind cooperatively to adjacent DNA sites via direct physical interaction [ 3 4 ] . In other cases , multiple transcription factors that bind independently may recruit a common co-activator [ 5 ] , or may act independently of one another to alter gene expression in response to distinct cellular cues [ 6 ] . Recent studies have also suggested that nearby transcription factors may collaboratively compete with nucleosomes , thus enhancing the binding of individual transcription factors [ 7 8 ] . Many experiments in yeast have shown that specific pairs of factors must be bound near each other for multifactorial regulation to occur [ 7 8 9 10 ] , and it is on these spatial constraints that we focus here .
The workers must have felt important when they were described several times as being , ` Caesar 's heirs forever . " 
Once again a distinction must be made between an ` odorant " defined earlier as ` any chemical compound which stimulates the olfactory sense " and an ` odour " being a sensation of smell . 
If murders , however defined , followed no more unfavourable a pattern than other violent crimes or crime generally , then at the very least a verdict of ` Not proven " must be returned . 
Lastly , it must always be kept in mind that there will be no need to register financing devices which the law of personal property does not treat as charges ; for example , title reservation .
Let him communicate with her by letter , if he must : let solicitors arrange money matters .
The client must be told that if at any stage he or she is anxious about the conduct of the matter , they should communicate immediately with the fee earner who is handling the case .
It must be said that the Huron were less interested in conversion to Christianity than in the goods to be gained from the fur traders who followed the priests on this first French settlement in Ontario .
He must think she was babbling like a schoolgirl , but there was nothing even remotely schoolgirlish about her growing awareness of this man . 
I 'm apt to chatter on about nothing , and I must say it was nice to have someone to talk to , like I said . " 
I do n't … you must n't — ” she jabbered . 
The words were mouthed ; they must not be detected . 
For some time now , it must be said , the Antiguan superhero has been mumbling about hanging up his cape altogether . 
So , she starts quizzing me and I start nattering on about the bloody Brontes -- I think Mrs Fleming must 've been really intelligent when she was young , honest-to-god she was firing them at me faster than Bamber Gascoigne , she says to me : ` And tell me , Karen , how are you going to deal with the themes of Repressed Sexuality in the Brontes ' work ? " 
` You must be raving , " Silas snorted . 
Mr. Russ must have been a bit of a psychologist as he had us singing ` Summer Suns are glowing " quite often at morning assembly . 
` Of course you must be admitted to His Lordship , " burbled the majordomo . 
Old Mother Jacobsen would chuckle over this : ` How much wiser must I be than Odin , I who have neither eye ! " 
` Ladies and gentlemen , " croaked the adjudicator in a strangled voice , ` the end is near and we must face the final curtain . " 
" Really we must see Baynes at once , " cried Holmes , picking up his hat .
` Randolph , you must help us quickly " he gasped , ` Rudolph , you dad has caught a bad cold and will not be able to pull the sleigh tonight . 
` I must be bloody mad , " he groaned to himself . 
After the Oval Test David Gower murmured that West Indies must be ` quaking in their boots " at the thought of England 's forthcoming visit , a characteristically ironic piece of Gower humour . 
` I must n't keep rattling on like this ! " 
` You must be jokin' , Mister Mayor , " roared Jake , ` Them 's guilty , o'course , guilty as guilty can be ! 
She must have sat alone there for a good quarter of an hour , singing to herself , before Henry and Lettice came crashing back through the woods , squealing that they had seen Humphrey and Janet and must take to the skiff at once . 
` Roger Shallot , " the magistrate thundered , ` we find you guilty of these terrible murders and so you must pay the full penalty of the law . 
A writer in the Town Planning Review trumpeted that train-sheds were now obsolete : ` modern terminals in great cities must be below street level hereafter " . 
Rain could try and get some answers from Barbara Coleman when they held their whispered conversation before Chagall 's windows , but she must make up her own mind about Maurin 's character . 
` That must be a comfort , " rejoined Ella , as she shut the kitchen door behind her . 
Complaints about government appointments or policies could only be met by Law with the barren reply that the party could not expect total control and that in coalition such things must happen -- which is just what the critics were saying too . 
I must thank you for replying so promptly to the questionnaire which we enclosed with the last issue of The Birmingham Magazine . 
To which Gildas had replied it must be a Jewish sense of humour . 
` Therefore , I must say that Wedgwood 's response was like a breath of fresh air .
They would retort that , if rules are causally effective , it must be in the manner of other causal laws . 
The General and his supporters retorted that " for France to be strong , the French must be prosperous " . 
Output must be fully compatible with all the major word processors and battery life should be measured in days rather than hours . 
Within one month after the date of notification , the Commission must decide whether the proposed merger falls within the scope of the Merger Regulation and if so , whether it is compatible with the Common Market . 
Kenneth Baker has decreed that all new cable systems must be compatible , so that a system laid in one part of the country will interface with the systems laid in other parts . 
However , these interests can not conflict too directly , but must appear to be consonant . 
The use of sanctions must accord with the Department 's policy covering these measures . 
It is accepted that the government must accord with the popular will as expressed in parliament . 
But that policy statement must surely be consistent with the other legal requirements as to the content of sex education . 
The choice of timber is up to the entrant ; the only proviso being that the two pieces must be consistent . 
WHEELCHAIR competitors in Sunday 's London Marathon have been told that instead of going for personal best times they must take at least one hour and 50 minutes to complete the course . 
Lottery players , by and large , must be risk - lovers -- otherwise they 'd buy Treasury bonds instead of lottery tickets .
We goad baseball player Albert Belle so much that All - Star - game manager Joe Torre must confine him to the dugout .
There must be an independent person to whom children can complain . 
Whether in a large institution , a small restaurant , a bakery , a take-away food shop or the kitchen at home , those who handle and cook food must adhere strictly to the rules of food hygiene . 
Instead , they observed the principle of socialist legality -- the idea that the best interests of a socialist society must override even the principle and letter of the law . 
However , when practising in another country , an auditor must observe the specific rules of that country which govern the profession . 
But in order to begin to overcome what we do n't like , we must be able to discuss it , and this violates the undiscussability rules embedded in the organisational defensive routines . 
The general rule , however , is that for you to be justified in ending the relationship , the breach of contract must in itself be serious . 
The plaintiff must prove that his damage was caused by the defendant 's breach of duty and that the damage was not too remote . 
Further , on the material before him , he was entitled to conclude that the appellants must have known that the execution of the charge was in breach of the order . 
3.1 The goods and/or the work must conform in all respects with the drawings , specifications and other requirements or descriptions stated . 
Here , the same businesses must always remain vigilant that their arrangements , agreements and conduct conform with EC competition rules . 
Visiting staff must use an observation area , if available ; if not , they must conform to local safety rules , including the use of protective clothing . 
During this transition period , manufacturers must either conform to EC standards or to those of the importing country . 
In order to conform with SSAP9 , companies must include a note in their accounts to the effect that : " Stocks are valued at the lower of cost or net realisable value . 
The driver must obey lawful instructions on what he does and also on ` the manner of his doing it " . 
The liberty of the individual and the requirements of natural justice demand that the provisions of this rule must be obeyed strictly . " 
They must obey the instructions of their employer as long as those instructions are lawful ; an order to drive an unsafe lorry would clearly have to be disregarded by a lorry driver . 
All members commanders as well as subordinates must obey these rules .
In cases the agency resolved through mediation , men must abide by signed agreements protecting women who return to them .
( Although I must say that working behind ` Ken the Nugget " is a pretty fruitless occupation ! ) .
If he was really living in the house he must be taking pains to leave no signs of his occupancy .
If anyone had committed murder on the lonely turnoff from the M4 , it must have been Marius .
Even if you wo n't marry me , there must be others who love you .
If you 're Libyan or Lebanese you must be a terrorist . "
If a window has to be tailor-made , you must expect to pay for it if it does n't fit !
Because of the number of peaks , the structured form must contain a twofold symmetry if duplex , or fourfold if tetraplex .
He was wholly against eroticism in art and literature , and thought that , in the event of any conflict , aesthetic value must yield to morality .
In the event of loss of money and/or travellers cheques and also in the event of loss of jewellery or personal effects through burglary or theft you must notify the police within 24 hours of discovery .
You are advised to obtain a Certificate of Posting , which must be produced in the event of loss .
The existing constitution stipulated that in the event of the president 's death , the vice-president must act in place of the president for the ninety days which would elapse before an election could be held .
All patrol units must have a buddy patrol notified and present in the event of a police matter .
I do n't suffer from ex-hatred myself , assuming that my partner must prefer me to any of her previous lovers or else she would be with one of them .
` Well , assuming he did n't put himself there , which is unlikely since we know what you found at the flat , someone must have carried him there , " Tracey replied .
So assuming it was n't bad manners or simply an oversight , you must have had a reason . "
However , before the latter can happen ( assuming for the moment that it is a desirable objective ) , it would seem to me that there are at least two major obstacles that must be overcome .
The limit of the inquiry must be whether the magistrates have jurisdiction , supposing the facts alleged in the information to be true .
First , a patient who is conscious and refuses treatment must have his wish respected whatever his condition , provided he 's mature and lucid enough to make such a decision .
In case of doubt , that doubt falls to be resolved in favour of the preservation of life for if the individual is to override the public interest , he must do so in clear terms .
In case of public tender , the invitation must be published in at least two daily newspapers with national circulation .
But other nations are likely to opt for a change ; as long as four vote against him , Quistgaard must go .
In order to use any selected function Enter key must be pressed and the function will operate as long as the stylus is depressed--releasing it cancels the function .
Owen : It 's agreed then people who misbehave and cause the teacher to waste time must pay it back at break .
We must act responsibly .
That 's a voluntary sacrifice , and so ( in the judgment of those who choose to buy ) it must be more than compensated for by the benefits of ownership .
Nevertheless there are difficulties here which must be confronted if both multicultural and antiracist attempts at the development of alternative curricula and popular cultural forms are to avoid oversimplification and naïvety .
He must tie one end of the string to the opening of the cave and then let the ball unwind as he went down into the labyrinth . 
` Well , Daddy 's phoned the police , and they 're going to question the gipsies , so we must wait patiently until we hear from them , " said her mummy . 
John , who travels abroad often , is at home in Boston and receives a call that he must immediately go to Paris .
John , who travels abroad often , is at home in Boston and receives a call that he must immediately go to Paris .
Annie must have used the house-phone to have her paged at the restaurant . 
` I must go and telegraph Mama , " he said suddenly . 
I must stress that only aluminium cans are acceptable and , if possible , they should be crushed as they take up less room . 
He must have been quite an enterprising businessman , my great-grandad , because he ran the butter cart in Baldersdale . 
Letters requiring a personal reply must be accompanied by a stamped self-addressed envelop or a self addressed envelope and international reply coupons . 
Must have a bit of money to drive a car , and that great leather handbag had cost something , he should n't wonder . 
The dispute should have been settled 53 years ago when the 1930 Reservoirs Act ruled that the owners of all reservoirs containing more than 23 million litres must have them inspected and repaired regularly . 
From here they must await their wave , drop into it , and be swept beneath the overhang into the cave where they grope around in total darkness filling their bags with birds ' nests . 
This small storage room is full of old and rotted roots and tubers , sacks of rotted and musty-smelling grain , barrels of reeking and vinegary wine and beer , jars of moulded fruits , and suchlike . 
Pierceable gas cartridges must remain attached to the stove . 
And that bug must have been inserted in my case before I left Helsinki -- without my knowledge . " 
On the grounds that as it never rains it must be about to pour , I went in search of a third gastronomic grail for the day . 
Manufacturers dispatch vials of vaccine -- along with frozen carbon dioxide for cooling -- in large , insulated cartons which must be tested for both strength and the efficiency of the insulation . 
Manufacturers dispatch vials of vaccine -- along with frozen carbon dioxide for cooling -- in large , insulated cartons which must be tested for both strength and the efficiency of the insulation . 
the grapes are crushed and the juice ( or must ) and skins go into the fermentation vat . 
` You were in and out of this office all the time , you must have some idea of what my brother kept in his safe . " 
To do this , your pre-raised seedlings must be pricked out into 3in pots , roughly the shape and size of a bulb planter . 
` She must sit on the pot until it cool so the vapour can come up her inside , " the thin woman commanded . 
It must depend on what we find at Arivegaig .
A final statement yesterday said : `` While some advances are being made in nations throughout the hemisphere , the state of press freedom in the Americas still must be regarded as grim as long as journalists and their families are subject to the crudest form of censorship : death by assassination . ''
` His plea of guilty is the only means by which he can express his contrition today and acknowledging it must be a lengthy prison sentence which he now faces . " 
The predator must become a repentant steward . 
Suddenly we found ourselves the proud owners of three switchboards , two lines , thirteen phones and a miraculous fax ( ` Oooh , you must have to roll them up ever so small '' ) machine .
Mr Kinnock must stress the extent to which Labour has really changed .
My right hon. and hon. Friends have also rightly emphasised that , if one intends to make Community institutions more accountable , one must increase the powers of the European Parliament .
A : I think I must emphasise to the public that it would be quite pointless to travel to St Joseph 's .
I think ( I can not remember the number ) that it must have been at least 20 lashes he received and I felt every one of them . 
The young , untrained dog must have chased them up to the edge of the pit , where they fell to their death . 
` It must be really tough being chased by hordes of gorgeous women . " 
For all she knew , the pilot in the Spitfire pursuing his enemy low across the fields was Johnny , and if anyone were to die in that encounter , it must not be him . 
` You must have wondered if I had forgotten you , " were Poskonov 's opening words as he ushered Romanov to the comfortable chair . 
Warriors still hunt the jaguar in ritualised fashion ; they must stalk it for three days and it may only be killed with a wooden spear . 
This aspect of the writing of reports has been exaggerated to impress on you that every report , even the least important , must be able to stand up to expert cross-examination .
There must also be the prospect of a profitable exit for the investors , and a target company that is able to generate enough cash to service its debt .
You must report , to your manager ( in confidence ) , any suspicion of financial irregularity , whether by your ES colleagues or others , and co-operate fully with any subsequent investigations into the alleged offence ;
What is important to stress , however , is that the operation of a professional system of norms is a pre-requisite to identifying and examining the tacit assumptions which must already guide the investigation of crime .
Clearly further investigations into the whole of the Windscale accident must be urgently pursued .
` There must be some reality that can heal the fragmentation of the world . " 
A disabled teenager who 's being treated by a Russian physiotherapist has been told his trainer must go home because his visa has run out . 
The most important principle of insulin therapy in the insulin-dependent patient is that insulin must be given regularly to inhibit lipolysis and prevent ketosis . 
The examples commonly cited are whether antibiotics must be administered if the patient contracts pneumonia , or whether the patient must be resuscitated if he suffers heart failure .
In an American film , we must expect characters derived from our native tradition to acquire a pervasive transatlantic twang . 
If we are to understand the feeding habits of the species , therefore , we must consider it in relation to the whole ecology of the species , and its relations to other species . 
That must have been the one , unless he made a habit of going through mock marriages . " 
She must also show the relationships of such a scale to the claims for detachment made within particular cultural conventions . 
Due credit for this transformation must be given to the brash and charming American champion , Walter Hagen , who lived like a millionaire and ignored the social conventions of the day . 
" Yes , sir , there must have been some very strange people with some very strange ways in this house .
After the pilot 's personal safety , the safety of the aircraft must be the next most important consideration ; it is always safer to land out than to risk trying to get back with marginal height . 
If the law can do nothing we must take the risk ourselves . "
A final statement yesterday said : `` While some advances are being made in nations throughout the hemisphere , the state of press freedom in the Americas still must be regarded as grim as long as journalists and their families are subject to the crudest form of censorship : death by assassination . ''
Sometimes the dominant female is so powerful that only she becomes pregnant and her subordinates must await her demise before being able to breed themselves . 
It must surely be the case that the cat is competent to act as observer of its own survival or demise and does not need me to settle the issue for it . 
The current government must recognise that it can not continue to go down the line of an individualist anxiety- ridden state , of competitive individuals where the poor and disabled are left to starve on city streets . 
` How much longer must we tolerate articles such as John Cole 's on mass starvation ? " asks Julie Boston , of Bristol . 
Walk-in shower cabinets are popular where space and budget permit , but ventilation must be adequate to avoid suffocation in the steam , and shower pressure should be tested to avoid a needle sharp spray . 
The copy delivered to the Registrar must also be signed by the auditors .
The programme runs to August 31 and customers must agree to take delivery of the new-generation system by March 31 next year .
If she returned to the Hall and told her father what she had endured she would be forbidden to return -- that was what must happen .
Spending must be authorised by Parliament .
PAMELA : Since I must not say what I think on one hand nor on the other , let me depart your presence . 
Yachts arriving with passengers , or those crew who will be leaving the Canaries by air , must visit the immigration office in the port authority building within the port compound . 
They must leave the Great Tower via room 69 to passage 24 , and then make their way outdoors . 
Any departure from the standard must be justified by the individual circumstances .
The camera work is superb and I must especially commend to you all the final shots of the film which show a train heading up the Talerddig incline taken from a nearby hillside . 
The recent shortage at auction of outstanding examples of Victorian painting is put down to vendors ' unfounded fears that prices for even the best must have suffered . 
Must be an awful job , I always think , being a guard . 
The ideas might be splendid in themselves but you must consider how they will contribute to the strategy . 
` It must be wonderful to be a father , wake up on Xmas morning and say , ` What have we bought everybody ? " 
You must come to terms with the fact that some dreams and desires are never going to be fulfilled while other equally wonderful wants and wishes will take their place . 
It must be truly wonderful to walk through life guarded by such a shield . 
` The woman that you love must be wonderful . 
Poor thing , she must be having a rotten time just now . 
` But it must be terrible to be like that -- not to be able to move -- or to feel anything . " 
` First I must see your body without those dreadful clothes you are wearing . " 
Whatever the motives behind the truly stupendous achievements in the field of religious building by people of all races and creeds throughout the centuries , there can be no doubt that those motives must be extremely powerful . 
St Jovite 's trainer Jim Bolger was n't disappointed ; ` It was a super race and you must expect it hard against horses as good as this . " 
If a commitment to good schools and parental choice means anything it must mean encouraging good schools to get better and making it possible for parents to send their children there . 
` That means opening doors so that people are not denied the best education and the best health care ; it means that we must have equal opportunity , greater fairness . " 
How much worse it must be for those who have n't been as fortunate as I in recovering from such trauma . 
` We must see you get some decent food or it 'll be a waste of time paying you a wage . " 
We must also blame the blinkered ideological dogma of a Government who have put owner-occupation at the top of every list , at the expense of decent affordable housing . 
The gilding must look particularly fine by candlelight . 
It would be impossible to supervise everyone , but nursing care must be monitored to prevent substandard practice developing . 
` They must think we are mugs , offering us inferior players for our best player . " 
Servicemen must not be asked to fight and risk their lives equipped with inferior weapons ; and yet , they will have too few weapons if the costs are too high . 
They are put on special diets and must be in tip-top shape before they go into the ring . " 
You must tell me what you want to take . 
His murder lust is there to be used when danger threatens but it must be controlled and used wisely . 
` Even now you still believe your body to be so irresistible that I must be hungering for it ? " 
You must be longing to get out of your trainy clothes . 
Sensitive Sunday 's a time when you must tune into the needs and longings of loved ones . 
Their migration must bring to Slorne a terrible longing for the land she was taken from . " 
` If you ever aspire to being a gentleman , " she said with quiet dignity , ` you must take care of Katarina . " 
Audiences ' large capacities for ersatz-importance show how eager they are to be deeply stirred ; how easily gulled ; how low the threshold of enjoyment must be set for music of our time . 
I was obsessed with being flat-chested and unglamorous and I used to harp on about how he must be hankering for someone more glamorous . " 
Watford did simple things well and in Bazeley had the sort of finisher Dalglish must have yearned for . 
` Beginning to pine for some relaxed company , if you must know . 
And I must , or rather , want to say , that one of the prime reasons for my enjoying Mr . Cochrane 's article is that he demolished the anti-empathy argument by using logic and facts .
I must n't detain you ! ” 
Hence every society no matter how simple or complex must differentiate persons in terms of both prestige and esteem and must therefore possess a certain amount of institutionalised inequality ( Davis and Moore 1945 p. 243 ) . 
We must distinguish the two concepts since two processes may share a program of instructions ( or , more generally , any set of computer words which are not altered , such as a table of constants ) . 
But then , either Hobbes has failed to distinguish the child from at least the higher and domesticated animals or the force of ` intelligently "  must be explained in such a way as to exclude animals . 
She guessed he must get tired of his easy conquests . 
It must have been very hard in those days for parents with a large family and a very low income to clothe their children . 
We must continue to ensure that the sentence fits the crime -- with long sentences for dangerous criminals , and fines and a tougher regime for punishment outside prison available as an alternative for less serious crime .
He must be very tricky to deal with , she thought darkly . 
Firstly it would seem logical that the nil group must have included paupers , a challenging question that will be considered in due course . 
It would have been impossible to have brought an airliner into the gallery -- they must remain at the Museum 's ` out-station " at Wroughton , Wilts , but the next best thing was achieved .
` These errors may be trivial in themselves , Mr Stevens , but you must yourself realize their larger significance . " 
` Against the background of human disunity the arduous journey to Christian unity must be pursued with determination and vigour , whatever obstacles are perceived to block the path . 
Recent business projections for Las Vegas predict challenges ; tourism revenues must increase substantially to sustain what is already built , while actual figures show visitation as steady or declining .
During the selection process berries are bounced along shaking conveyor belts which are crossed with four inch high wooden barriers -- they must be fresh and firm enough to bounce over the boards . 
` Look out here , it must be at least three feet deep outside -- and this is the sheltered side ! 
Certain matters must however have been put in hand for on 18 August Sir William wrote requesting one of ` Mr Plenty 's designed lifeboats of 20 feet length " , and the Committee gave approval on 25 August . 
It turns out that the work that must be done , hence the energy utilized , equals the work that can later be extracted from the system after the fast and slow particles are separated into the two boxes .
Indeed , Lane 's ( 1955 ) argument that a stream will restore its gradient at a higher or lower level following a baselevel change is conceptually correct because if the river is initially at grade , then to move its sediment load and water discharge through the channel , the original gradient of the stream must be reestablished .
( So the sun must have been still well east of south . )
The vines are in fact situated on a hint of a mound just west of the town , growing at an altitude of between 100 and 105 metres which must be a classic example of frost-prone cultivation .
In other words , you must try to interact with your text , as in a dialogue between people . 
` No , " she answered , ` but there is something we must discuss . " 
` This time , though , you have walked into what must be a time of private family discussion . "
I must clean myself up and get some lunch — I have a meeting on grading with various people up the road in the Civil Service Commission at quarter past two …
To seize it he must not let Mr Kaifu get all the credit if the trade talks succeed .
You must disembark now .
Visitors need a visa to enter China , and must disembark at the border ( now called `` boundary '' ) checkpoint , Lo Wai .
The magicians told Vortigern he must find a boy with no father , sacrifice the child and sprinkle his blood on the fort 's foundations . 
" I must congratulate you , Inspector , on handling so distinctive and instructive a case .
Carbon will be completely coated by what it has removed after six weeks and must be discarded . 
The monkey was enveloped by the musty darkness of a coarse woollen bag . 
The room was festooned with cobwebs , the air musty and thick with dust and disuse . 
And this must in part have reflected a greater diversity among its patrons .
Visitors need a visa to enter China , and must disembark at the border ( now called `` boundary '' ) checkpoint , Lo Wai .
We must remember , first , that a social class is by no means always culturally monolithic .
It must accept the fact that most of the world is neither culturally Western nor racially white .
Similarly , choice of the appropriate parts to bolt together must be made if a child is copying a model from the drawings usually supplied with a kit ( involving size , shape and matching ) . 
Secondly , the viral genetic material must be replicated many times to provide a copy for each new virus particle ( E ) . 
Land reform is one of the crucial ( and most controversial ) matters facing the newly elected Hungarian parliament and present law must be considered to be ephemeral . 
These do not exist in the hops and must be converted from precursor a acids which are present by an extended period of boiling . 
If curve A in Figure 6.9 applies to Mercury then the erasure of craters must have occurred throughout a fairly extended period during the final stages of formation . 
It must be emphasised that the results for an interim period do not necessarily provide a reliable indication of those for the full year . 
It was a strange situation , which must have made a lasting impression on Richard , who was more than usually close to his mother . 
In certain cases the law imposes very short time limits within which you must act . 
Logic suggests that blame for such a situation must usually be equally divided , and that there are just as many bad , uncaring or downright lazy mothers as there bad , selfish and irresponsible fathers .
You will get the lazy child who copies what the next child is doing and these copiers must be helped to think for themselves .
There must be created a new and vibrant organization to meet the challenge of the twenty first century and beyond .
If we are going to win , and win again , we must be as vigorous in promoting our cause as the Labour Party . "
Recent business projections for Las Vegas predict challenges ; tourism revenues must increase substantially to sustain what is already built , while actual figures show visitation as steady or declining .
You must also have some knowledge about exactly where people lose their money when they visit the five places listed above .
He must have enjoyed it when he was scoring off his pupils in his days as a college professor . 
Only the professor in a hospital department is allowed to do private practice and this must be done on the hospital premises . 
They must be trained in channelling animal behaviour . "
Thus , providers of services must be more highly trained in sales technique and sales negotiation forms an important part of such interaction .
We must train staff to teach as effectively as possible and should encourage them to see this as an important part of their job .
` If the United states is to remain technologically strong , our schools must begin training our children in today 's technology , " the company says .
In my day , we were instructed that frost never hurt a baby yet , and if the baby cried it must be mastered .
The more I learn about the cost and inefficiencies of the current and future regulatory regime to which power generators will be subjected if we do not have new legislation , the more I am convinced that we can -- and must -- develop a smarter approach that protects the environment and public health while reducing the cost to consumers and industry and optimizing the size of both the state and federal government machinery necessary to achieve that protection .
When David was Adam 's age he 'd taken to lighting joss sticks in his bedroom and anointing himself with patchouli , assuming that it disguised the faint but unmistakeable musty-sweet aroma that was exuded from his pores and lingered in the atmosphere . 
But a body with a particular temperature must emit radiation at a certain rate . 
However , in the end most people , including John Taylor , have come to the conclusion that black holes must radiate like hot bodies if our other ideas about general relativity and quantum mechanics are correct . 
Ammonia , the terminal product of protein metabolism , must be excreted rapidly and diluted to non-toxic levels in the surrounding fluids . 
Now Lamb must spend the weekend fretting over whether the TCCB will ban him from next Saturday 's NatWest Trophy final . 
` You must worry like hell at times . " 
They must be mad that they should expect such a delicate business as his preparation of Vologsky to be speeded up as though it was a crude operation on a factory bench . 
He must be pretty mad at her for not being at home when they arrived . 
They are not for those who insist that learning must be a serious business and who would feel embarrassed to be caught reading a ` comic book " . 
The teacher must ensure that the student is relaxed , so that stress does not interfere with learning . 
They must have been amazed and resentful that Pyke wanted to listen to me , of all people , someone who was barely an actor . 
There must be another reason why you are so sad , " he said , looking kindly at me . 
` South Africa must be worried how easily we did get through , and close to their line , because they know that Will Carling and Jeremy Guscott are amongst the quickest in the world . 
It is also worth speculating on the fate of what must have been a nonplussed Christopher Chryselius , Sir John Pennington must have been thoroughly annoyed at the outcome , too . 
Liz must have looked as woebegone as she felt when they staggered into the stuffy carriage , because Barbara had burst out laughing . 
Five minutes went by as she reflected that Rosemary must be feeling as miserable as Travis , then , checking to see that Travis was all right as she passed , she went to bed . 
Now her vivid imagination had no difficulty in showing her how Mark 's last drive alone must have been , how miserable he must have felt . 
He must be miserable . " 
` You must n't be downcast , " said Lydia . 
` If some of our visitors are somewhat lacking in restraint , " noted an RCM report euphemistically , ` it must be remembered that many are overwrought with anxiety . " 
I must say I was not totally happy about her going on at Yeo Davis , with me in the government . 
For once in his life , Leopold must have been truly happy : his hopes and prayers for his beloved son seemed at last to have come to fruition . 
My anguish must have shown in my face and in my voice . 
Producers must believe in their ability and not succumb to despondency . 
During the following months the School managed to carry on , but the atmosphere must have been one of great despondency . 
And therein lay the extent of his gratitude , she realised with a feeling of despondency , but to disguise her feelings she added brightly , ` When we 're at the hospital we must visit Stella . " 
IMPRESSED just this side of awe as I am by the Department of Transport and its fearless tackling of such problems as juggernaut lorries and EEC regulations , I must nevertheless confess some disquiet about a recent plan . 
Mr Stokill must have noticed my look of bewilderment . 
Anybody who swears allegiance to United must share the same sense of dismay at what has happened , and what is still going on -- for me , it 's almost a sense of revulsion . 
Her face must have registered dismay at having to tell Peter what had happened , for he gave a narrow smile . 
Yet the dog had grown old and less capable , and one day the gillie had come and explained with great sorrow that the dog had suffered a stroke , and must be put down . 
Some of them must have realized what an ordeal the poor girl was going through , and they had set aside their disappointment in not seeing Dýsirýe and were giving encouragement to the beginner . 
` I do n't see fit to compound this tragedy by adding to the deep distress that the incident must already have caused to you , the deceased 's relatives and others , " he said . 
` Someone must have hurt you very much , " Claudia said , her voice warm with sympathy .
Adolescents are going to be embarrassed and ashamed if a teacher suggests that their dialect , which is part of their identity , must be radically changed . 
He must have managed to purloin a copy of the house key from somewhere and was obviously astounded to find someone already scouring the house , especially her . 
BANGOR 'S Alex Lightbody must be the most bewildered bowler in the NIBA this season . 
He was concerned that the room must be left just as Durance would have wished . 
At that stage , Sunderland were good value for the lead and Mr Crosby must have been a contented man . 
In the end , the poems must be read as expressions of sheer delight in friendship . 
To his absolute delight the first trap had held what must have been a seven pound salmon , plus a couple of mullet which he had ignored . 
Records must not be based on the measurement of subjective impressions such as the number of times parents felt depressed about their child 's behaviour . 
Labour supporters must be in despair at not being able to race away from the Tories in the run up to the election . 
He says that Childine must survive because it has proved itself a lifeline for thousands of frightened , lonely and distressed children . 
Then she must sit in the sun before hauling it back up and altogether I was enraged and wished I was in a condition to show her how it should be done . 
She must have been gratified to hear from a famous person like himself . 
I was gratified to have your letter , as I had been wondering how you were faring , but understood that you must be too busy to write . 
You must have been heartbroken . " 
` I thought they must have had a quarrel , " Brand said , and I had the impression he was n't heartbroken about it . " 
` Those poor little girls must be frightened out of their minds ! 
Someone must have buried them when they were too frightened to hand them in to the police station . 
He says that Childine must survive because it has proved itself a lifeline for thousands of frightened , lonely and distressed children . 
The girls exchanged nervous glances , thinking that it must be Miss Hardbroom come to reprimand them for being out of bed . 
A king not universally popular , who owed his throne to assassination , must have been sensitive on such an issue , and maybe sometimes nervous of joining large assemblies of armed men . 
Still , in her heart , she must retain bitterness and hatred against those who had killed him and would presumably help so far as she could to have revenge upon them .
What volcano of emotion must have been boiling inside that youngster under his teasing and laughing , under his occasionally expressionless face ? 
" They were very polite while I was here with them , but they must have boiled and fumed with indignation when they left me , " he said , chuckling . 
She felt that all compassion must have passed from Emilia with the emptying of her womb except for this last residue that smouldered in the promise she exacted now . 
It is extraordinarily refreshing to see Kingdon 's emphasis on the geographical processes and patterns that must underlie any transformation through time .
The colliery which employs 730 men at Newton-le-Willows , is one of the ten the government claims must be closed because they are uneconomic . 
Visiting staff must use an observation area , if available ; if not , they must conform to local safety rules , including the use of protective clothing .
Britain says Sinn Fein must agree to disarm their movement in advance of broader discussions , because pro-British locals wo n't negotiate with a party keeping guns and bombs `` under the table . ''
`` The Palestinian Authority must decide to disarm the terrorists or risk endangering its authority . ''
Israeli Prime Minister Shimon Peres has told Arafat he must disarm the group and arrest its leaders if he wants to remain a credible peace partner .
Ultimately the most memorable lines in this volume must be those penned by Bonnard to Matisse in January 1940 : ` When I think of you , I think of a mind cleansed of every old aesthetic convention , and it is that alone that permits a direct view of nature , the greatest joy that can befall a painter .
But it must also be remembered that this statement was made after his involvement with Surrealism and that he might not have phrased his reactions in precisely this way in earlier years . 
The child must phrase questions with care , compare and record answers , sift evidence and deduce the identity of the criminal . 
Put simply , the retailer must decide whether he is going to opt for ` quality " or ` quantity " . 
Thus the meaning of a criterion statement worded " The pupil can … " must be related to the time at which the skill or knowledge was demonstrated and the reliability of the judgement used . 
But by expressing his views in this way , Scott must have given his clients a clear indication of the type of building he wanted to build . 
The painting is estimated at a mere FFr50-80 million , not because of the recession so much as the fact it must obviously stay in France .
With both visual estimation and point counting techniques it must be remembered that values are being computed from the two dimensions of the thin section into the three dimensions of a sediment for modal composition .
You must have guessed by now that 1-2-3 for Windows is n't the best Windows spreadsheet on the market .
Pascoe guessed that she must have put her hand over the mouthpiece .
If his peers were equal there to the King , then the King must be seen to match them in knowledge , and to give his judgments without leaning on the advice of a mentor .
Some time in the first six months of next year , an election must take place .
He married Jane Champneys on 1 September 1768 , and shortly afterwards the move to Holland must have taken place , as John appears in the Amsterdam poorterboek on 29 December 1768 .
This election must have been one of the last in Scotland where open bribery took place .
However , if surveyors are to keep up with the inevitable changes taking place , they must become familiar with the new contracts .
Before a skyscraper can be built , a feng shui ( see page 68 ) investigation must take place to ensure that the site and the building will promote health , harmony , and prosperity .
Whatever transpired between the two long-time friends must be really serious .
One partner , who suffered repeated phone calls from Channel 7 until he cut them off , said : ` People who signed up must be lacking in street wisdom . " 
A cold front must have hit while I was inside .
That this must be the explanation for Kammerer 's disturbing results is attested to by the discovery of a wild midwife toad with rudimentary nuptial pads as much as two years before Kammerer took his own life . 
Although information on WMD programs for many countries is often limited , when it comes to assessing Iran 's alleged CW program , one must sift through a mountain of information , much of which is long on allegation and short on specific , corroborated evidence .
The value placed on individuals of whatever rank , evinced by the rows of photographs of people who had worked there for forty years , must make for happiness in the workplace . 
Lack of consent must be proved by showing that the victim 's ` understanding and knowledge were such that she was not in a position to decide . " 
Recent business projections for Las Vegas predict challenges ; tourism revenues must increase substantially to sustain what is already built , while actual figures show visitation as steady or declining .
Recent business projections for Las Vegas predict challenges ; tourism revenues must increase substantially to sustain what is already built , while actual figures show visitation as steady or declining .
Although information on WMD programs for many countries is often limited , when it comes to assessing Iran 's alleged CW program , one must sift through a mountain of information , much of which is long on allegation and short on specific , corroborated evidence .
Our analyses also support further our previous finding that basal UOS pressure is highly labile and emphasise that the level of arousal must be recorded and controlled for any valid comparisons of basal UOS pressure .
And they must advance an argument about why human nature , which has presumably evolved in response to an enormous array of random forces , tells us anything about what is good or desirable in terms of the traits humans should possess .
For a moment , he reminded Melissa of Lou in his haste to defend a loved one , but she had seen how his knuckles whitened on hearing the story and guessed what he must be thinking .
She must have reminded me in her remote stillness , her lucid silence , of someone I used to know , used to love .
Adult anglers in Germany must take evening classes and pass a multiple choice test before they can get their rod licence . 
Before a salesperson is allowed in the field , he or she must pass a test in the presence of the field sales manager . 
` I must get a move on too , " declared Travis , and while he delayed to exchange one or two pleasantries with his cousin , Leith hotfooted it out of there .
We must exchange hostage for hostage .
These patients are unable to defecate voluntarily and must therefore rely upon stimulation of bowel reflexes with or without manual evacuation to complete defecation . 
Yet his emotions must have been sorely strained when , in 1585 , he had to execute his own brother-in-law . 
But now that the question has ceased to be one of recognition , the theoretical possibility of rebuttal must exist .
A similar situation must have existed in Peru at the time of the Spanish Conquest .
1- There must be time priorities .
3- Must differenciate between who 's in the village , where relations are stronger , than it is in the city , where there 's different people with different ideas .
Then he said ` Eliza -- I must part from thee , for friends await me in the forest . 
Sometimes the dominant female is so powerful that only she becomes pregnant and her subordinates must await her demise before being able to breed themselves . 
As well as determining the information needed now and in the near future , some regard must be given to the difficult task of trying to foresee information needs in the longer term ( Land , 1982 ) . 
Their interpretability , however , must not be exaggerated ; their meanings are not necessarily wholly predictable on first acquaintance . 
For a duty to arise , some damage to the plaintiff must be reasonably foreseeable . 
It must be affordable to those who are responsible for financing it ( for example , the government or the local people ) . 
If community care is to function properly , suitable housing must be affordable on the low income support funds available for unemployed disabled people . 
We must also blame the blinkered ideological dogma of a Government who have put owner-occupation at the top of every list , at the expense of decent affordable housing . 
Must be too expensive for the locals , he mused . 
It costs about £16 per sq m and comes with a 20-year wear guarantee but must be professionally fitted Accessories : Jade green bag , about £72.95 ; towels , £12.95 each . 
The ground must be soft so babies wo n't hurt themselves . 
There must be some height , call it h , such that an animal would just break its neck if it fell from that height , but would just survive if it fell from a slightly lower height . 
He must have strained a muscle in his leg when the huge man had urged him forward , or when he 'd left so hurriedly . 
My sister 's burnt her arm , but before you come and dress it , I must tell you that we 're frightfully hard up . 
He scorned them as a man of action must despise all faint-hearts . 
We must allow ourselves time to grieve for the past but the guards had no such time . 
I rather pity the young who live in London because they must be having a particularly difficult time . 
Poor Madame , I thought , how deeply she must resent my usurping her place . 
Still , in her heart , she must retain bitterness and hatred against those who had killed him and would presumably help so far as she could to have revenge upon them .
I still have it today , and I must admit that the ` poems " indicate the desperation of a lonely adolescent rather than the promise of any talent . 
I must be a virgin when I get married ! " she said shakily , begging him with a terrified desperation . 
Indeed her adoration of him must have been a balm to his feelings of hurt and rejection because his attitude to her had become distinctly warmer of late . 
My visit must have alarmed him to the extent that he decided to check again to ensure he had n't left any clues . 
If they annoy suck-holing , spittle-licking , brain-dead Tory scum like you so much , then they must be doing their job . 
It must have bewildered the matron , who watched practically every mouthful I ate , that by the end of term I had lost another two pounds . 
But if rationalism and empiricism have a tendency to blot out God , we must recognise that the Enlightenment 's supreme beguilement which has so bewitched modern men and women is a false understanding of human beings . 
The design must captivate the audience . 
We can comfort ourselves in the knowledge that death must have supervened very quickly . 
` If you must know , those pages were so full of bad times that it depressed me to read them back . 
` Forgive me , Georgi Kirov but I think I must disappoint you . 'I can undertake no more little errands for you . " 
It embarrassed her to remember the way Maurin had attracted her but she must not let that embarrassment colour the way she acted now . 
Saint Basil was so enchanted by this selfless action that he concluded his comments with the words ` If things seen are so lovely , what must things unseen be ? " 
This latest change of mind must have thoroughly exasperated Rupprecht . 
The sight of him like that gladdened my heart because I knew his news must be good . 
He was scathing about the notion that Indians might be pacified by political concession , observing of the Montagu-Chelmsford reforms that : ` If the Indians are capable of providing the directorate , they must surely be capable of providing the agents " . 
It must sometimes puzzle the Russians how easy it is to plant such nonsense on British intelligence but what they do not appreciate is that if defectors did not invent such silly tales MI5 and MI6 would do so themselves anyway . 
To satisfy such children , it was suggested , nothing but the local and familiar must be introduced into their curriculum . 
` My poor wife 's attempt to scare her into flight must have been the final straw . 
They must think they 'd scared him off with all their mumbo-jumbo and telling him to go straight home . 
You must have been surprised by her refusal to budge . 
The intended effect , within the province , must be to so terrify the nationalist population that more will turn their backs on Sinn Fein and the IRA . 
For some reason , this letter so unnerved her that she thought she must rush down to the sea at once , and run the thudding in her head quite out of it . 
You must not upset yourself . " 
I must have bored you out of your mind . " 
I 'M sure there must be many people like me who have been troubled by telephone calls at ungodly hours which have turned out to be BT testing the lines . 
However , the same rule applies to evening classes as to joining clubs -- it must be a subject that really interests you . 
The allusion must mystify younger readers . 
Pop , by definition , must mystify . 
The failure of other countries to confirm their claims must disappoint US military experts , however . 
We occasionally have vacancies for bartenders who must have at least two years ' experience of working a cocktail bar . 
The potential for accidents will always exist , so each individual must become skilled at maintaining safety in the face of hazards inherent in the environment . 
The last viceroyalty was thus conceived -- by , of all people , a Labour prime minister , but one , it must be remembered , who was at Haileybury -- as a supreme test of British adeptness in the gentlemanly art of leadership . 
Continually adepts are warned that they must not strain themselves or try to experience these unnatural things . 
It must be protected against spendthrift or incompetent successors , against creditors and moneylenders , against improvident sales , and , until the Forfeiture Act 1870 , against forfeiture for treason . 
Hon. Members can imagine how inept the Government must be to believe that overlooking a prison yard , floodlit day and night , would be conducive to the recuperation of neurosurgical patients . 
If the burden becomes too much and the responsibilities too great , one must always feel that one can turn to somebody who is more knowledgeable , or has broader shoulders and who will share the burden . 
Later Sunday morning in southwest Ghazni province , a bicycle packet with explosives detonated in Mustofyet square in Ghazni province , killing two policemen and wounding a bystander , provincial police chief Zerawar Zahid said .
Later , in southwestern Ghazni province , a bicycle loaded with explosives detonated in Ghazni city 's Mustofyet square , killing two police officers and wounding a bystander , according to provincial Police Chief Zerawar Zahid .
What follows must be speculative in nature until the Cheka archives for 1921-2 are opened up , since matters are involved which would never have been aired publicly .
While the matter is under discussion ministers can air their views but once the matter is decided all members of the Government , whether within the cabinet or not , must support it .
We must assume that you know how to express yourself in sentences .
Alongside anxiety about loss must be placed a parallel feeling best expressed by the indignant snort of a parent of four ` children " in their twenties : ` Empty nest ?
I know you are doing that , but you must put it into words .
Primary schools must respect children 's talk , as pupils put into words their thoughts and feelings , explore new ideas and deepen understanding .
Maximum road safety must prevail
Applicants must have a minimum deposit of 10 pc .
“ I must indeed apologize for my … irritation , ” he said and produced his most disarming smile . 
Giving you a fair deal means that he should follow a reasonable procedure before taking a final decision that you must part company . 
It is their duty to hear and determine according to law , and they must bring to that task a fair and unbiased mind . " 
To effectively support the Congress , GAO must be professional , objective , fact - based , nonpartisan , nonideological , fair , and balanced in all its work .
In conjunction with the agency 's mission and core values , GAO must , among other things , be professional , objective , factbased , nonpartisan , nonideological , fair , and balanced in all of its audit , investigation , and evaluation work .
That is what happened , and we now realise that we must take away from such authorities that most unjust tool with which they managed to acquire electoral support that they did not deserve and have unscrupulously used . 
Then he must win a proposed world super-bantamweight unification match against WBC champion Tracey Patterson the adopted son of the legendary Floyd to at long last approach the big money bracket .
Scrutinising this familiar object revealed some untidy details in the first movement : the performers have not quite solved the problem of what must be one of the cruellest openings for an orchestra ever devised .
Because these tales were not — as far as we know — collected in the Renaissance and because , like ballads and songs , they must have been subject to endless variation and mutual interference , we can not now know the Pedro de Urdemalas who endeared himself to the folk '' ( 218 ) .
Must I fake an interest in your mind -- ? " 
Find out what is permitted , for you must simulate the final conditions as closely as possible .
This means that the pots must be packed very full and the contents pressed and pressed until they are as tightly packed as possible . 
He built them a pagoda of solid jade and embellished it with precious gems -- not realising that to grow up a dragon must accumulate its own hoard , must steal it from Emperors and princes . 
Middlesbrough deserved their win after leading for a long spell , though manager Lennie Lawrence 's heart must have sank when Tranmere snatched an 86th-minute equaliser . 
All applications must be received by the end of May when the Committee reviews applications and selects the winners in each group . 
` My father tied with another man at an Old Newton furrow-drawing match : both had a quarter-inch deviation -- it must have been about sixty years ago .
Looking back , it seems a marvel that the houses surrounding the Greencroft were never set on fire -- the residents must have suffered very anxious hours , but for the rest of us the sight of so many fires all blazing away was one never forgotten .
First , the claim must arise or be outstanding on the termination of the employee 's employment . 
Langue , not parole must be the primary object of a science which aims to show how language functions . 
The primary purpose must , always , be to sell the product . 
But you must know that my main interest is in getting men to stay on this line . 
No one doubts the seriousness of the problems Mr Major must address , the recession foremost among them . 
To keep Tubifex worms , the aquarium must have a layer of mud on the bottom and a supply of fresh-water continuously dripping into the aquarium . 
From the outset of a transformational-change effort , information must flow freely between and among the different parts of the organization . 
Feed on any live foods ( they will eat tiny fish ) and they must have vegetable matter , so include scalded lettuce , spinach and herbivore flake . 
Underneath his suit , he must be glowing like a fresh-cooked lobster . 
It must be wonderful , watching the world float by while you eat lobster and drink champagne . 
Manufacturers must also warn mothers that the powdered milk must be mixed with boiled water . 
Sweet spices are a must when preparing food for feasts and festivals , especially at Easter . 
` We must keep in touch , " Gary said as he finished his cheese roll . 
Like Southern Baptists of Tennessee , many Northern Irish Presbyterians believe that the wine enjoyed by Jesus and His disciples must have been grape juice , since Christians do not drink alcohol . 
The intern / production assistant must open his cranberry juice and pour it over ice for him , just so .
The puppets are modelled on the famous illustrations by Tenniel -- but Spitting Images must have influenced the formidable duchess and Tebbit-like cook and they stirred their pepper soup and sneezed . 
I decided that anything which said that you could have as much mayonnaise , avocados and nuts as you like and still do yourself good must be worth trying ! 
Seed must be gathered from freshly ripened seed pods .
Capers tend to be expensive because they must be harvested by hand .
The Paris court must consider whether it is entitled or competent to act on a decision taken in a foreign country such a long time ago .
All scholars agree that the text of Boniface IV's letter which is quoted here was a forgery of the eleventh century , and something must be said about this later . 
The catechism says homosexuals must abstain from sex , but should be treated with respect and compassion . 
In Lent the food must be just so ; not too ostentatious but good enough to celebrate a Grand Duke 's birthday without making his guests wonder if they were breaking the Lenten abstentions too greatly . 
Their behaviour must also be frequent or serious enough to justify attempts to alter it by deliberate management action . 
We must have been poor or deliberately austere , but I was not told …
Although they are employed to a much greater extent than the rest of the percussion , it must be realized that their effectiveness largely depends on a sparing use of them . 
I must admit I liked her ; she wo n't squander her grandfather 's money , that 's for sure . 
Britain is well placed with reserves of coal , oil and gas which must be husbanded in a national energy policy to balance the needs of the present with those of the future . 
If pig butchers kept piggy banks , his must have been empty once in a while during this period …
For all , apart from Anglican weddings , you must obtain a certificate or certificate with licence from the local superintendent registrar . 
` It 's such a wonderful position , and it must look quite spectacular from the canal . 
This time Sausage accompanied her , and as she set off with the the two small boys and their three dogs , Korah , Dathan and Abiram , she reflected that they must look rather like a circus . 
The room was warm and smelt musty . 
This sounds well on the B flat instrument , but must have been even more thrilling on the F trumpet for which it was written . 
It must be a terrible drag having a patient foisted on you like this -- a real busman 's holiday . " 
Minton must have recognised its truth for he bequeathed it in his will to the Royal College of Art where it hangs as a memorial to him . 
Someone must have buried them when they were too frightened to hand them in to the police station .
At times in the past there must have been tenderness between the members of this family ; the old lady had conceived and given birth to two children , nursed them and watched them grow into adult life . 
Something of the kind must have been operative when Galileo first introduced the telescope as an instrument for exploring the heavens . 
Having set up a certain attitude and a certain power , you must check , by scanning your flight instruments , that the desired performance is being achieved , and also that it is being maintained . 
From its size , the knife must have had a very specific use and may even have been a surgical instrument . 
You must have the correct access equipment before attempting any kind of roof work . 
The recent improvement in East-West relations must also make the market for military equipment less favourable . 
By law , the only people who can work on , or fit , gas appliances must be registered with CORGI , the Council for Registered Gas Installers . 
A wooden rail at waist height barred their way ; they must be very close to the edge of the cliff .
( The cogs must fit the sinker posts which are closer together on a fine gauge than on a standard of course . )
This implies that the galaxies must have been closer together in the past .
He and the other Officers must have been very close to the shell burst !
Second , close relatives must resemble each other with respect to such a character more than do distantly related individuals .
Alone with Henrietta , the woman he came closest to loving , Minton must have confronted more forcibly than ever before the nature of his condition .
From the very start the surface temperature on Venus must have been much hotter than that on Earth -- purely because of the planets proximity to the Sun .
A new type of knowledge , Said contends , must be produced that can analyse plural objects as such rather than offering forms of integrated understanding that simply comprehend them within totalizing schemas .
Line , shape , colour , etc. , is there for all , but to express pure feeling you must first of all understand the nature of the marks you are making .
All I can understand from that is that it must be a universal image .
For instance , we must know and understand the total cost structure in multi-product businesses from raw materials through to the customer .
One intuitively powerful argument , for instance , is that since animals regularly face problems and solve them in sensible ways , they must have some intellectual grasp of the problem .
There must be a point beyond which no set of built-in computer-like elements can suffice to account for an animal 's apparent grasp of its situation , particularly in the face of variable or unpredictable environmental contingencies .
But the main features of the system must be comprehensible to those Members of Parliament and councillors who are not specialists and to serious commentators and interested members of the public .
Must he now grind his pride in the dust and sue for the hand of she to whom he owed that indignity ? 
The bread sauce is certainly a mammoth task and involves an entire morning 's work , as the breadcrumbs must be crumbled by hand . 
They are destalked and pulped with a light press which produces ninety per cent of the must ( juice ) . 
I must wash myself with warm water and soap ; find a sharp scissors and put it in boiling water for fifteen minutes ; get clean sheets to lie on ; sip liquids ; and relax . 
There must be enough time and space for each child to wash properly . 
At junctions with a stop sign and a solid white line across your approach , you must stop at the line , wait for a safe gap in the traffic before you move .
Visitors need a visa to enter China , and must disembark at the border ( now called `` boundary '' ) checkpoint , Lo Wai .
As a free society we must have a justice system that is fair , accessible and responsible to the citizen .
The mother of five's family doctor had told Hope Hospital , in Manchester , that she was extremely allergic to codeine and must NEVER be given the painkiller . 
We must believe in ourselves and not be sensitive to remarks made by others who want to hurt us . 
You must realize , my lord , how important they are and not hinder them in their beautiful lives . "
We are so encumbered by having British literature in our foreground that … one must speak of it in disproportion .
She must have realised that she was no longer encumbered , but completely free .
` Anybody who would hire a waitress without an ounce of experience must be something of a saint , " Charity agreed . 
Porters must be hired to move any amount of fish , however small , and minders paid to look after customers ' trucks . 
This logic does not soothe her ; she says I must wait three weeks .
The affair is the noisiest clash ( so far ) in what must surely be the longest-running takeover battle in business history . 
They must fight pitched battles , and fight in a body ; and they must begin fighting as far forward as possible . 
At crisis talks in London , the Prime Minister has warned all sides involved in the strife in the former Yugoslavia that they must compromise or face total isolation . 
He explained that first I must promise not to fight against Lilliput or hurt Lilliputians , and that I must be searched for weapons . 
I think that Hamas is ready to join the political process , however , if the only price for the political price is you must fight Hamas , if that 's what they are requiring Abu Mazen to do , they are almost mandating that he will fail .
More than 120,000 soldiers have been battling the militants in the Kashmir valley , supported by locals , who look upon the security forces as a vengeful occupying force which must be opposed . 
Since we can not go on struggling with one another indefinitely , Hegel says that one must submit to the other .
If he was all on the same scale as his foot he must certainly have been a giant . "
One rapidly runs out of hands and must resort to fingers and toes , for after years of laboriously categorizing these languages , the number of different main branches ( called families and subfamilies ) came to about ten .
By general agreement and city ordinance , all buildings must be faced with Jerusalem limestone , giving the city 's different worlds an architectural unity and tying the city in a special way to the land on which it rests .
3- Must differenciate between who 's in the village , where relations are stronger , than it is in the city , where there 's different people with different ideas .
We must 've hit the reef !
QUARTERMASTER : Must 've hit a reef .
I must have underestimated the benefit of my practice with the neighbour 's cat , since my attempt seemed to sail on and on before it thudded to the ground . 
The sea roared like a pride of hungry lions , thudding against the side of the ship like a thousand battering-rams , so that it seemed that at any moment it must break through and drown them all . 
He ignored her words and continued to squeeze her arm until she thought that soon the bones must crunch together and splinter under the pressure of his fingers . 
Then the young woman laughed merrily , her voice strengthening after what must have been years of silence , and the whole strange cellar rang with that laughter , and the glass fragments tinkled like broken bells . 
The key point about the mucus-shedding process is that the aquarium must have a good , turbulent water circulation to help the leather corals get rid of their wastes . 
However , when music is written for a specific text , the maximum musical climax must be kept back for the decisive point in the words .
In his report to the summit , the OAU Secretary-General Salim Ahmed Salim said that " Africa must gauge the significance of the fundamental changes taking place in the world and adapt accordingly " . 
It must be understood that engagement in those days was a very serious matter which involved a written contract of intent to marry and needed legal consent if the engagement was to be broken off .
Is the situation so serious that twenty-four hour care must be considered , whether the person is at home or considering going in to a residential home ?
1- There must be time priorities .
I think that Hamas is ready to join the political process , however , if the only price for the political price is you must fight Hamas , if that 's what they are requiring Abu Mazen to do , they are almost mandating that he will fail .
The propensity for errors to occur must be balanced against the necessity for both management and surveying staff to have a reasonable degree of trust in the analysed cost figures produced . 
Since a poem contains the same elements as a prose composition , the distinction must lie in a difference in their combination and in the objective .
She must have seen my surprise , for she then used a native word for an unwanted or deformed child , or one born out of wedlock , much uglier than the word ` bastard '' .
In the absence of any notable achievement , these rather ineffable qualities of character must be counted among the reasons for Irwin 's despatch to India .
Even the most eloquent Orthodox theologians insisted that the ineffable God , a mystery which transcended all human words and concepts , must be approached in the darkness of silence .
Although information on WMD programs for many countries is often limited , when it comes to assessing Iran 's alleged CW program , one must sift through a mountain of information , much of which is long on allegation and short on specific , corroborated evidence .
But if I were a teenager and I saw a TV star telling me that he had taken coke , I would reckon that there must be a reason why the famous spend a fortune on this drug . 
Diana replied : ` Well I must admit , partly make-up and I do drink lots of water . " 
I must confess I gobbled the meat down and I did n't notice the bone until it was too late . 
Bearing in mind that this fish consumes large amounts of vegetation in the wild , you must reconcile yourself to a plantless tank , unless you like the plastic variety . 
However , it must be added that these subjects were consuming quite a large quantity of food and were not attempting to shed weight . 
You must check that the tablet is actually consumed , rather than simply being left in the bottom of the bowl . 
You must have lunch , even if you work all the afternoon . 
Housed animals must have sufficient lighting to allow for their inspection at any time . 
The police must surely have carried out a more thorough examination of the rooms since the discovery of the body .
To comprehend all that was involved here , one must experience the full force of tragedy at first hand ; and here Act III of Tristan can be pointed to as a prime specimen of tragic art . 
Fording these cool inches gave momentary pleasure but they were no sooner down in the hot stagnant air of the valley bottoms than they imagined the more open hill-top ahead must bring relief .
The steeper the slope the more the toes must face downhill , and the steepest slopes climbed using this technique would be ascended backwards .
I think that Hamas is ready to join the political process , however , if the only price for the political price is you must fight Hamas , if that 's what they are requiring Abu Mazen to do , they are almost mandating that he will fail .
If the law can do nothing we must take the risk ourselves . "
Translator : The armed Intifada must end and we must use and resort to peaceful means in our quest to end the occupation and the suffering of the Palestinians , and the Israelis , and to establish the Palestinian state .
John , who travels abroad often , is at home in Boston and receives a call that he must immediately go to Paris .
John , who travels abroad often , is at home in Boston and receives a call that he must immediately go to Paris .
A final statement yesterday said : `` While some advances are being made in nations throughout the hemisphere , the state of press freedom in the Americas still must be regarded as grim as long as journalists and their families are subject to the crudest form of censorship : death by assassination . ''
" Yes , sir , there must have been some very strange people with some very strange ways in this house .
Seizures of cannabis and amphetamines were dropping as the hard drugs began to dominate the scene , but as far as amphetamines are concerned it must be remembered that the seizure figures relate only to illegal imports . 
But if I were a teenager and I saw a TV star telling me that he had taken coke , I would reckon that there must be a reason why the famous spend a fortune on this drug . 
Drunk drivers must not be allowed to get off so lightly . 
` I must n't get too pissed , " she said . 
Whatever the answers , the enemy must not discover these questions were being asked , for this would give away the landing areas of a future invasion .
Once the U. S. sets a withdrawal date , the Sunni-led guerrillas know how long they must hang on before American troops are gone , the administration has argued .
We must have been right out in the sticks . 
Its success must be partly due to the extraordinary number of sittings to which his admiring and clear-sighted sitter submitted . 
The final qualification is that a print-maker , to reach the very top of the tree , must be known and appreciated by the Japanese . 
For a second Lindsey stood unmoving as Niall 's gaze swept with slow appreciation over her body , taking in every curve which , she realised , blushing hotly , must be emphasised beneath the damp robe . 
A World Cup final is the wrong time and place to prove a point and the English management must take the blame for letting the press and the Australians sucker them into self destruction . 
Media and social pressures must take some of the blame for the increase in debt . 
He blamed the decline in sales on ‘ the erosion of distribution channels ’ and on management philosophy , which ‘ must clearly undergo a radical change ’ . 
This hateful thing had taken place , and Frankie knew that somehow he must be to blame . 
But they must blame the Councils not the Government . 
Like everyone else , I deplore and condemn this killing , as all right-thinking people must . 
The parent must stay calm and firm but show disapproval at the behaviour . 
` I disapprove of killing at the best of times , Ace , but , and this is vitally important , you must never kill anyone with a role in recorded history if you can possibly avoid it . 
Nor , said Thomas Gisborne in 1795 , must he himself disdain to borrow money at the appropriate moment if he is not to put his credit to real and serious hazard . 
However , in this case a decision must be made and is often given on the flimsiest of grounds ( though that is not the fault of the refereeing panel ) . 
It is the text , however , where I fear I must fault the guide at times . 
He could have continued placidly with the life he had chosen , and would have excelled ; but telegrams of a peremptory nature , saying his mother 's illness had taken a turn for the worse and he must come , kept arriving from Colonel Carteret , and Paul had to leave his work , abandon lectures , and make the weary journey to London time and again , only to find Sophia weak but resigned , and reproachful for his having come at all . 
His readings of heroic poems made him especially scornful of the notion that to say ` evil must be fought " is the same as saying ` might is right " . 
As petrol is beating the stigma of carrying lead , so diesel must beat the particulate rap . 
But it must have been a temptation in poor working-class communities , where virginity in any case was not sacred , where the stigma against extra-marital sex was weak , and where a prostitute could earn in half an hour what a respectable girl might earn in a week . 
A normal scientist must be uncritical of the paradigm in which he works . 
Walden thinks Lukas-trained Grand Slam , who is 4 for 4 at Belmont and 0 for 4 elsewhere , must be respected because of that statistic .
Apart from the question of the number of dimensions that space-time appears to have , string theory still has several other problems that must be solved before it can be acclaimed as the ultimate unified theory of physics . 
I must commend you on your excellent History of the world ( NI 196 ) . 
He also reiterated the SOC insistence that any agreement must explicitly condemn the genocide by the Khmers Rouges under Pol Pot in the 1975-79 period . 
Like everyone else , I deplore and condemn this killing , as all right-thinking people must . 
There must also be condemnation for those who fail to take on the IRA , and the finger must be pointed at the Secretary of State and those who sit behind him . 
But you must have heard the criticism for things like the pile of bricks , the pile of carpet felt . 
In the Phaedo , Socrates praises Anaxagoras for saying that the world must be explained by reference to mind , and then criticizes him for not acting on the principle that he recommends . 
Moreover , if a pilot decides not to launch in a situation like this , he must never be overruled or criticised for playing it safe . 
How they are set is a difficult question to which I shall return , but those who decry as too narrow the scope of a Convention running to over a hundred Articles must surely embody the resuscitated spirit of Oliver Twist who will always cry for more ! 
Well , Moscavisi 's argument , and I must say , I agree with him , is that they tended to be denigrated by both groups who might have taken the biggest interest in them . 
He denounced democracy as a psychopathic expression of inferiority and compromise as an aberration that must be crushed out of existence . 
Dawn 's words re-echoed in her mind , in spite of the fact that Robert had derided them so vehemently , and she felt that she must always be on her guard . 
He smiled ruefully as he read the commentaries which a week before had been excoriating him and for the most part were now , in their fickle and inconstant fashion , lauding him for his statesmanlike and responsible action in allowing the Government to make a fresh start -- ` although he must still resolve many outstanding personal and family issues to the public 's satisfaction " , thundered The Times . 
In the Phaedo , Socrates praises Anaxagoras for saying that the world must be explained by reference to mind , and then criticizes him for not acting on the principle that he recommends . 
SO MANY have praised Graeme Hick that there must be more to him than has been revealed . 
On their forays to Britain they employed ridicule against the snobbery of golf clubs which insisted that the golfing untouchables must change their boots in the pro 's shop . 
By April 30th Carla Hills , the American trade boss , must decide whether to cite China as an ` unfair "  trader . 
But Sahib Mustaqim Bleher , general secretary of the Islamic Party of Great Britain , slammed Dr Siddiqui 's idea .
I must thank you for replying so promptly to the questionnaire which we enclosed with the last issue of The Birmingham Magazine . 
Once again we must thank Colin Garrett for the superb quality of his show ` Britain 's Railway " held at the Community College , Bishop 's Castle on Friday 7th November 1992 . 
We must be corrective like a parent who yet loves the child he has chastised . 
The vacancy must be filled within three days , and for those three days Aunt Louise berated me almost without pause . 
The girls exchanged nervous glances , thinking that it must be Miss Hardbroom come to reprimand them for being out of bed . 
You must not reprimand her for doing as she was told . " 
You must put a growl in your own voice when reprimanding the pup , while holding the loose skin on the neck . 
The king is reported as having told the clergy that they must reproach the practice ` vehemently and bitterly " , and if this did not succeed , he would take further measures .
His mum must have told him off for being such a cheat .
She must have told Gloria off too , for the very next day , Gloria said , ` You got to go off to the country , ducks , health visitor says .
" I must congratulate you , Inspector , on handling so distinctive and instructive a case .
To create a strong sense of place , the surroundings must be all of a piece ; space , mass , shapes , and materials must reflect the same sensibility .
I must admit , however , that I was somewhat surprised when , some five days after the crime , I opened my morning paper to find in large letters :
` We Queens must stick together , " Minton had once told John Norris Wood who had expressed surprise at Minton 's devotion to the Queen Mother .
His justification for the necessary invasion of privacy is the familiar - and thoroughly respectable -- plea that politics should and must be personalised .
Still , in her heart , she must retain bitterness and hatred against those who had killed him and would presumably help so far as she could to have revenge upon them .
The Hunters must be destroyed , and the liberals and voices who fail to support the Chosen Path must be annihilated . 
Looking round its walls , Breeze realized that the sea must be nearer than she had thought , for there were so many little tablets to people who had been drowned off this coast . 
If two or more crewmen are slain then the remaining crew will be unable to cope , so when it shoots the cannon must miss a whole turn before it can shoot again . 
He must try to explain to them that Sylvie 's suicide was above all an appropriate finale to her life . 
“ Of course , she must live with the tragedy of her daughter 's suicide for the rest of her life … ”  
But tests by a Government inspector , Farrow , have revealed the pesticide is lethal to all insect life , and for this reason production must stop . 
The daughter of murdered Glasgow pensioner Agnes Law has described the killer as "  a monster who must be caught . "  
A final statement yesterday said : `` While some advances are being made in nations throughout the hemisphere , the state of press freedom in the Americas still must be regarded as grim as long as journalists and their families are subject to the crudest form of censorship : death by assassination . ''
There must at least be a possibility that Penda 's decapitation by Oswiu was an avenging of Penda 's earlier dismemberment of Oswald 's Gody . 
" They must keep the pressure up , and take out as many people in the Taliban 's top tier leadership as possible , " Gul said .
` And you must remember that this aunt of mine is a much respected figure in the community . 
` That must feel funny to see your daddy in a photograph . " 
It must be very rewarding to be in a position to watch your granddaughter grow up , especially in such a gorgeous spot . " 
We did not appreciate at the time what a wrench leaving the Weir House must have been for him , nor the difficulty he had in adjusting himself to four assertive stepsons he hardly knew . 
` I reckon that stepmother of yours must 've wore you out skivvying . 
No matter how damaging to individuals may be the consequences of a publication , the right to free speech must prevail unless the individuals possess an established legal right that the publication would infringe : In the case of Re X ( a minor ) the mother and stepfather of a sensitive fourteen year old girl sought to stop publication of a book which ascribed depraved and immoral behaviour to her deceased father . 
` If he is my cousin , and you are his father , " she said to Heathcliff , smiling , ` then you must be my uncle ! 
` Laibon , great-grandson of Mbatian , you must think again . 
Women must either follow the male career route and spend little time with their children , or drop out for the vital middle years that filter out the top managers . 
Sections 1 and 2 have explained the procedure that must be followed , this section explains the additional tasks that the family may have to perform . 
We must be able to reach all youth and families interested in values-based programs .
A final statement yesterday said : `` While some advances are being made in nations throughout the hemisphere , the state of press freedom in the Americas still must be regarded as grim as long as journalists and their families are subject to the crudest form of censorship : death by assassination . ''
The possibility must have made Eleanor 's ancestors turn in their graves . 
Despite Alcuin 's reservations about Eardwulf , the king must have stepped into the shoes of the slain Aethelred as a recipient of Carolingian favours and may even have married a kinswoman of Charlemagne . 
To fulfil macho behaviour patterns , a man must show no fear , demonstrate sexual prowess , father many children and exercise tight control over female kin . 
Each caste is made of a group of family lineages who are endogamous within the caste but must marry outside the paternal lineage . 
Visitors need a visa to enter China , and must disembark at the border ( now called `` boundary '' ) checkpoint , Lo Wai .
Some machines have an automatic thread-trimmer to do this step ; if not , then the threads must be cut and the finished work put in an appropriate pile to be tied together when all the pieces of the bundle have been finished .
In addition he must be the team captain , strong and sympathetic . 
Like the vice-president , the chairman of the joint chiefs must keep his advice to the president secret . 
Edmund Burke said that ` people must be governed in a manner agreeable to their temper and disposition " , but the British Government frequently ignores or defies our temper and disposition . 
Now he must govern ; and to govern is to choose . 
The Police Federation vice-chairman , Dick Coyles , warned that any new powers for detaining young criminals must be backed by proper resources . 
The People 's Will , their most effective organization , drew the conclusion that the supreme goal must be to shake the regime by assassinating the tsar . 
The prospect of a marriage between his most important baron in the North and the daughter of the English king 's most dangerous enemy across the still ambiguous northern border must have given Rufus considerable food for thought . 
The Poitevin barons must have felt the way Henry Morgan 's old associates were to feel when he was appointed Governor of Jamaica with orders to stamp out piracy . 
He must inform the officials to settle the matter .
Last week a federal appeals court ruled that White House lawyers must hand over notes of their conversations with first lady Hillary Rodham Clinton to Whitewater Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr .
The honourable calling of a councillor must be of the highest worth for no councillor must lower himself or his calling by obtaining any illegal financial gain from his activities as a councillor .
She must have known all along about the sale of illegal arms and secret payoffs .
We must consider what leads young men -- it is predominantly young men -- to see crime as a better outlet for their abilities and energies than lawful activity .
The victim of the threatening , abusive or insulting behaviour must believe that violence is imminent , since the section refers to ` immediate " unlawful violence .
It must be noted that Dr . Bruno Schiefer , the Canadian toxicologist approached by Iran , was doubtful that Iran would use the strains for illicit BW purposes .
3- Must differenciate between who 's in the village , where relations are stronger , than it is in the city , where there 's different people with different ideas .
The caretakers must be physically strong , and have enough stamina to tote groceries and supplies up hill , and garbage down hill .
Obviously the rig does not always conveniently lie in this position for you , so you must swim the rig into position with a strong leg action .
If the dream were to become reality , France must be militarily strong and find an ally so that she need not face Germany alone .
` There must be a mighty uproar from commuter areas to end this threat to off-peak rail services . "
Others say simply that market forces must prevail .
You must lie quiet and stop overtaxing your strength -- then you will be better in no time . "
Underwriters must have financial strength and backing to honour its underwriting commitments and there are four areas which need to be considered :
Powerful forces must be at work to overcome a differential of this size .
Earth 's gravity must , in the end , have been just too powerful .
If the dream were to become reality , France must be militarily strong and find an ally so that she need not face Germany alone .
Today , gazing out from Beeston 's summit , you may feel that such a castle must have been impregnable .
Although Butterflyfish are quite hardy when acclimatized , their conditions must be maintained with some degree of consistency .
When making a pressed flower mirror you must ensure that you choose a fairly sturdy frame , with a reasonable depth of rebate .
Personal computers are too fragile to cope with viruses and must be replaced with sophisticated systems which are resilient to viruses in the first place .
However , the extra wind resistance created by the panels means that the construction must be fairly robust .
It is clear that the skin of each pillow must originally have been fairly flexible , since the base of each pillow characteristically sags into the gap between the ones below it .
At Charlton Mackerell ( right ) the carver must have mistaken a lighted candle for a flower in the bottom corner , when copying from a book
`` The flames must have been 80ft ( 25 meters ) in the air , and the road caught fire --- it was flaming up through the concrete , a mass of flames , '' hr said .
It must crash and strike sparks above them .
What is certain is that as the relationship between doctors and their patients becomes less paternalistic , so must the manner in which we seek to obtain their consent for treatment . 
Inspector Baynes , considering that such a visit must have some purpose in view and was likely , therefore , to be repeated , abandoned the house but left an ambuscade in the shrubbery .
But his clothes must be shrinking too , she thought , that 's not possible . 
Clearly , when real output per capita rises , it must be theoretically possible for the gainers to compensate any losers , but this could only be interpreted as an actual improvement if full compensation were actually paid . 
Anticipated entry must be probable , rapid , and sufficient to counteract these effects . 
In the must-win , must-make-money world of the NFL , it is unlikely that player safety is ever going to be the top priority . 
Must the existence of God be probable , or can theism seek to defend its position against the improbability of God 's existence ? 
If he was all on the same scale as his foot he must certainly have been a giant . "
Once it must have been a familiar sight in Cheltenham ; now the horse drawn carriage looks a little out of place among the busy traffic , snaking it 's way around the towns one-way system .
` You must be running a pretty busy operation here . "
We must therefore learn to live with panic ; that is to say--to use a fashionable Silicon Valley metaphor--learn to ' surf on an avalanche , ' " Attali wrote .
To be admitted to practice law , every attorney must take a professional oath to promote justice - - and every state 's ethical rules include language indicating lawyers ' responsibility to be guardians of fair play for those living in poverty .
3- Must differenciate between who 's in the village , where relations are stronger , than it is in the city , where there 's different people with different ideas .
3- Must differenciate between who 's in the village , where relations are stronger , than it is in the city , where there 's different people with different ideas .
There are three separate criteria that must be met before a commercial fusion reactor can be built : temperature , density and ` confinement time " must all exceed certain minimum values .
Before a skyscraper can be built , a feng shui ( see page 68 ) investigation must take place to ensure that the site and the building will promote health , harmony , and prosperity .
The Clear Skies Act further requires that , in addressing a petition submitted after enactment that requests a finding for any affected unit under the new trading programs , the Administrator must consider , among other factors , any emissions reductions required to occur by any applicable attainment dates for any relevant nonattainment areas .
Ben 's eyes flared , but went cold as he told himself -- Harriet presumed -- ` I must n't hurt anyone . 
Among the willows I caught a glint of blue , and then saw Ninian , who must have been up early after all , stooping over something at the edge of the stream . 
John , who travels abroad often , is at home in Boston and receives a call that he must immediately go to Paris .
John , who travels abroad often , is at home in Boston and receives a call that he must immediately go to Paris .
` It 's bad enough losing the dog -- you must know how it affects a vet -- but to be accused of practically killing it out of spite … "
But I must have met thousands of mothers in my career .
Shiite lawmaker Qassim Dawood , who is sympathetic to the Kurds , said the sides must reach a compromise , or risk jeopardizing security gains made in the last year .
Scramble klaxons must be blaring on nearby Luftwaffe fields : Barton had no doubt of that . 
And even the most hardened cynic must agree that lying down with your eyes closed listening to music is a lot more appealing than grunting and straining over a set of weights in your local sports centre . 
For them , it must be almost a relief to walk around listening to the cocks crowing or the cows mooing -- it must help to keep them sane . 
He gave me a sidelong glance and smiled and snorted , which meant I must be out of my tiny mind . 
Then , all of a sudden , there was a sort of bang and the dog started yelping and I thought he must have fallen or something and that he might be hurt . 
No doubt many rich people could be cajoled into helping the museum , but we must escape our earlier , still absurd contempt for the accumulation of wealth . 
She thought they must have looked ridiculous , two people over thirty surreptitiously clawing at each other through layer upon layer of raincoat , wool and cotton . 
To Robbie 's amazement the bitch , despite the fact that the minute claws kneading her dugs must be extremely painful , was tolerating the kitten 's presence . 
Mustapha Bint , squeezed the camel with his knees 
He rubs his nose and fiddles with his ear , he must be insecure ! " we say . 
A dramatic LAT `` Sunday Report '' looks at four middle-class Turkish families who must rebuild their lives from scratch .
Each individual must define what 's most important in his or her life , then calculate the best course to meet these goals .
I must say that the " " by the anonymous assistant professor portrays the day-to-day stresses and anxieties of academic life through the eyes of a shockingly irresponsible instructor .
Also , hot author Arlie Russell Hochschild adapts a chapter from her book The Time Bind : She argues that Americans must stop treating home life as a chore and learn how to invest emotionally in their families .
Lowa must rank as one of the smallest ski boot manufacturers in Europe and have produced some fairly dull products over the years .
The two positive requirements are that the agreement must first contribute to improving the production or distribution of goods or to promoting technical or economic progress and second allow consumers a fair share of the resulting benefit .
One must imagine five or six hundred soldiers swarming into the Garden of Gethsemane . 
Translator : The armed Intifada must end and we must use and resort to peaceful means in our quest to end the occupation and the suffering of the Palestinians , and the Israelis , and to establish the Palestinian state .
The Government must now seek ways of strengthening the Union to ensure it continuing vitality , while showing appropriate sensitivity to the nationalistic sentiments stirred up by this election .
Here is a woman whose husband has been caught misappropriating funds , who must find a way to repay $274,000 within days .
Well , as he says , we must each try our own way and see what comes of it .
A final statement yesterday said : `` While some advances are being made in nations throughout the hemisphere , the state of press freedom in the Americas still must be regarded as grim as long as journalists and their families are subject to the crudest form of censorship : death by assassination . ''
Excessively deep sewers in bad ground conditions or below the water table must also be taken into account . 
Anyone qualifying for HLCAs must occupy at least 3 hectares of eligible land . 
The product is , of course , caustic and any spills or splashes must be rinsed with plenty of water .
I must get back now , if for no other reason than that the table will soon be cleared and I have n't had a bite since this morning .
` From what I 've seen , I imagine there must be about five feet of water in the basin at high tide . 
The pipebridge section alone held five tons of hot water when it was full and in all we must have pumped hundreds of tons around the system . 
` I have seven hundred and seventy Swiss francs left , " said Adam , thumbing through some notes , ` and while we 're here I must get my mother a box of decent liqueur chocolates . 
You could try adding a glass of white wine , an onion and a little celery and leek , if you must , but make sure that the court bouillon is cold before you start . 
" What you must do is this : go back to the king and ask for three hundred barrels of wine and three hundred barrels of brandy . 
These funds would be repaid by the oil companies who must have $500 million of oil spill liability insurance , before tye qualify for permission to transport barrels of crude through state waters . 
Ms Greenberg must surely champion Quebec 's newly opened Musée de la Civilisation which greets boatloads of St Lawrence cruise ship passengers with a garish jumble of consumer items and gimmicks borrowed directly from the shopping mall . 
At most , five people per thousand contract leprosy , so hundreds of thousands must be vaccinated to reduce significantly the number of cases .
Before a skyscraper can be built , a feng shui ( see page 68 ) investigation must take place to ensure that the site and the building will promote health , harmony , and prosperity .
The basis DC must already exist , and you must be the associated user of the DC or an interested user .
We must always remember what people will have to pay . 
There must be dozens of people still alive who remember the transmissions from their youth or childhood in the early 1920s . 
We agents , however , must represent anything with the air of a cock-up only as an opportunity to demonstrate the Partei 's brilliance in extricating itself from it . 
We agents , however , must represent anything with the air of a cock-up only as an opportunity to demonstrate the Partei 's brilliance in extricating itself from it . 
The court held that this did not show an absence of negligence since someone must have been careless in not following the proper system . 
“ It 's crazy that he even refused to use my blend when he must have known it was working well … ” 
` It 's crazy to think you must have an ` ideal " skinny shape . 
Oh , Billie , I must have been crazy to let you come with me . 
They must be daft to take on the British Empire . 
Must say I 've heard dafter ideas , luv , but not lately . 
We must use our freedom to become enlightened , or we are doomed . 
The British Foreign Office held that the prestige of the UN must be preserved and that it would be foolish for the United States to treat the UN as a rubber stamp for decisions already taken in Washington . 
And once they were christened , as we might expect , the ` Hooligans " were understood as an entirely unprecedented and ` un-British " phenomenon : indeed , we must allow that it was most ingenious of late Victorian England to disown the British Hooligan by giving him an ` Irish " name . 
IT IS not irrational for a jury to decide that the first of two co-accused acted in concert with the second but that the second co-accused did not act in concert with the first , because the case against each accused must be considered separately and there may be evidence which is admissible against one but not the other . 
And because , unlike some fathers , I ca n't interest myself in sending a multi-coloured hedgehog spinning around a televisual roller coaster faster than Esther Rantzen changes expression from moronic merriment to Dianesque poor-thing-how-you-must-be-suffering-thank-God-I'm-not solemnity . 
You must cease this nonsensical life of yours , slaving away as if you were a servant ! 
He must be sagacious and have good judgement , be patient and yet at the same time firm in maintaining the interests of the ruler he represented . 
Any sensible construction of the terms of service involved that paragraph 19 must be read in the light of , and subject to , the obligation imposed by paragraph 16 . 
I think the theory derives from the familiar prejudice against intelligence , which holds that people who are too smart must be limited in other ways .
oh really he must be smart yeah
“ You must think I 'm a very stupid person ! ” 
When you 're a kid , you meet someone who works in television and you think they must be a really great person living this incredibly interesting and exciting life . 
It was mentioned earlier that one must distinguish between economic efficiency and cost-cutting .
And Lego World , stated in terms of building simple combinatorial objects , is logically similar to a set of objectives that must be achieved by a military force to carry out its total objective .
While Serb forces prevented foreign journalists from ascertaining the fate of ethnic Albanians inside Kosovo , American leftists held up images of Serb civilian casualties as proof that the bombing was wrong and must be stopped .
Invasion by Iraq and the loss of Iran 's powerful ally , the United States , must have contributed to Iran 's sense of political and military vulnerability .
Musharraf told a tribal jirga , or traditional council , in Peshawar on Monday that military operations in the border area must produce results .
And when civil authority collapses in the face of an American assault , U. S. commanders must ensure the population is protected and fed , even if the offensive operations have not concluded , the manual says .
The new guidebook will note that units must be ready to do both , but it also will say training for a primarily offensive force should differ from training for stability operations .
The devils knew that all men sinned , and all men must die .
Archbishop Aethelberht is said not to have spared evil kings , and there must be a possibility that he was soon as disenchanted with Aethelred 's faction as he had been with Alhred 's . 
There must therefore be another reason for the Government 's proposals , and it was not honest or honourable of the Secretary of State to pretend otherwise . 
Then poor Pamela must be turned off and looked upon as a vile abandoned creature , and everybody would despise her , and justly too , Mrs. Jervis . 
However that may be , we must now note that value statements in general , and ethical statements in particular , are distinguished by the attitudinist into two types . 
However , Joanna and I must be strictly ethical . 
This rule is the bane of fiction writers , who must take special care to ensure that the more villainous characters in their plots can not be mistaken for living persons . 
The law must resort to some kind of moral and social evaluation of conduct if it is to identify and separate out the most heinous killings . 
The reason for distinguishing between murder and manslaughter must be to identify and to label the most heinous killings as murder , and it has been questioned whether English law succeeds in this . 
John , who travels abroad often , is at home in Boston and receives a call that he must immediately go to Paris .
Bodies often float to the surface , but you of all people must know that those who drown in the Thames can disappear altogether and are probably taken by undercurrents down through London and out to sea . " 
It was n't locked and a musty smell floated into the passage . 
She thought they must be drunk , they were weaving about so much . 
That creature must have been travelling at 60 miles per hour .
And when Summerchild fell from the back of the Admiralty , I am beginning to think , the prospects of Tite and his department must have fallen with him . 
Alan 's room smelled musty with disuse ; a pile of letters for him had toppled toward the edge of the desk , a cobweb bellied from a corner of the ceiling . 
A day , days , must have passed since he stood beside the lake . 
She must have known I was watching as she lifted herself from the lake , water running down her long back , the skin glistening in the light cast from the house across the lawn . 
Apparently there must have been very heavy rain higher up the dale because there had been some flooding and the river was running very fast . 
If Hell exists , it must consist of being eternally sick on a ship which crosses the Narrow Seas but never reaches shore . 
The weather is one thing we can not plan for as , although Madeira enjoys a good climate all year round , you must remember it is a small island in the Atlantic Ocean . 
If it 's sex you must talk about , talk about the pope standing on an island and coming out against birth control ( again ) .
The natural inhabitants of the Galapagos then , must have somehow strayed across from South America , and colonised the archipelago by chance . 
She pushed open the door of a room overlooking the bay , a room flooded with sunshine but musty and stale . 
And for that to happen you must do one day as I did , and enter the crystal cave of vision . 
There is no direct evidence of natural traps from the cave at Westbury , but their potential significance must be remembered . 
1 Work out the route that you must follow to find the Minotaur. 2 Think about your journey as you go through the tunnels and caves . 
Dunadd fort clings to an isolated rocky hillock near Kilmartin , starkly visible from the road between Lochgilphead and Oban , above what must once have been a naturally protective boggy valley . 
It must be noted , however , that it is by no means certain in the majority of examples that the lagoons may not contain considerable thicknesses of coral . 
In these declivities the ambushers must have hidden , for here battle raged amid yells and screams and the clash of steel . 
On the way here the highway borders what must be some of the most delectable coastal scenery in the world : wooded headlands enclosing beach after sandy beach , empty of people . 
The toad 's response to different sized objects is not much affected by learning ; to find cases where learning has an influence we must turn to animals with more catholic diets .
` If you must know , " she said finally , not looking at him , ` I did n't much see the point . "
Lawyers ' appeals to fairness and justice do not necessarily mean that economic indicators such as efficiency are banished from the debate altogether ; rather , economic and noneconomic factors must both be taken into account .
` I know I 'm no angel , Robyn , I know my temper gets the better of me at times , but you must understand the pressure that I was under too .
Clearly , unless these features are defined with precision , there is a danger of ending up with a tautological explanation : what is recent must also be novel because it is recent .
Unless it is assumed that the original stream had a meander belt of varying width , we must conclude that the meanders have not only been incised but also more fully developed in the more resistant rock .
Unless specifically instructed by the council , a councillor must not take part in the execution of works or actions ordered by the council .
Unless the sea is very shallow the plants must float .
What one needs to recognise , as my noble and learned friends have done , is that the privilege against self-incrimination must prevail , unless it has been modified or abrogated by statute .
The LEA must appoint whoever is selected by the governing body unless they fail to meet legal requirements on grounds of health , qualifications or conduct .
So the medical profession , in the future as in the past , must bear the responsibility unless it is possible to obtain a decision from the courts .
Such applications must be served within two months of issue unless the period is extended .
These cases must therefore have been regarded as distinguishable , presumably on the ground that Slater 's case did not involve any refusal to perform a service unless an unlawful payment was made .
My sister-in-law answered , so quickly that she must have been right beside the telephone .
The adventurers must hurry to reach the hill ahead of the expanding grey forest .
Nevertheless he hesitated , for the sound had seemed to come from directly ahead , beyond the next bend in the orange path that must once have been red .
That means the heavy neutrinos must decay into something far less massive , quite quickly .
One prediction of many of these schemes is that the proton must be unstable , decaying eventually to electrons and protons .
DOUG Blewitt must rank as a contender for the most unsung hero of North-East business .
A separate count for common assault must be added . 
An intention to kill must be proved in order to convict someone of attempted murder . 
The answer must be ` not a great deal " ; for none of the portents of success are immediately apparent . 
Very early on Sunday morning , before 9 o'clock in fact , Trevor Ward must have known that the portents were not good . 
With interest rates set to fall in the medium term this must augur well for values . 
To demonstrate non-DNA inheritance , one must show that two fertilized eggs differ in some respect other than their nucleic acids , and that when these eggs develop into adults which in turn produce eggs , those eggs differ in the same respect .
The lettuce , Swiss chard and rhubarb chard must be grown from seed -- all three are widely available .
The Director of Swaziland 's Curriculum Research and Development Unit at Manzini must motor miles to Mbabane if he wants to see the Chief Education Officer . 
We are paddling at 45 degrees to the sea so on every wave the paddle must be just so to stop the boat going over . 
Matt Hensley stays crouched low , so I figure it must be a good way to skate streets . 
` If you will not permit me to skate you must at least allow me to stand near the ice . 
If he stays there too long he will slip into the dirty wind like C , so he must tack off quickly . 
Walden thinks Lukas-trained Grand Slam , who is 4 for 4 at Belmont and 0 for 4 elsewhere , must be respected because of that statistic .
I figured she must have been a masochist .
I believe he must have waited among the gorse bushes through which the path winds and struck him down as he passed .
It must be noted that Dr . Bruno Schiefer , the Canadian toxicologist approached by Iran , was doubtful that Iran would use the strains for illicit BW purposes .
One must pity the woman , however tiresome she made the task .
Attacks to the abdomen must be no lower than the bottom edge of the belt . 
You must come again next year and see it from the cliff edge . " 
All traces of glue must be removed from the inside corner , and the corner angle must be checked to an accurate 90° . 
` There is a lot of work still to do in this match and we must concentrate on getting the right total in our second innings . 
The final qualification is that a print-maker , to reach the very top of the tree , must be known and appreciated by the Japanese . 
The priests are saying this is the predicted last battle across the face of the universe , when every man must choose , " the major looked intently at Kopyion , ` between good and evil . " 
Today , gazing out from Beeston 's summit , you may feel that such a castle must have been impregnable . 
Omegna Market , at the northern end of Lake Orta , is a must if you want to haggle over souvenirs . 
I must stress that we are looking primarily , or we propose to look primarily , er , at the east of the county . 
To get his majority , the general must allocate big chunks of land inside his putative homeland to ` black nations " . 
Ever since 1969 , when he had his first show , his cartoonish black-and-white paintings have managed to comment without mercy or a smidgen of socially redeeming tact on , among other things , men 's -- and women 's -- looks ( Warhol 's nosejob painting must be an important icon in his private gallery ) ; issues of health ( a hilarious series of men in the throes of having heart attacks ) ; bestiality ( pert Fifties housewife on her knees doing something unspeakable to a poodle with her arm ) and religion ( famous Biblical figure on the cross getting a pie in the face ) . 
If this was true , any piece of DNA was just like any other piece , whereas every gene must be different from every other one . 
Then the young woman laughed merrily , her voice strengthening after what must have been years of silence , and the whole strange cellar rang with that laughter , and the glass fragments tinkled like broken bells . 
` You are both from the south parts , so you must talk to one another , " said Kate . 
Where he had a , where he became , tried to become , a farmer and this was an area about 60 miles southwest of Toronto in what at the time must have been a pretty remote part of part of the province .
What is meant by saying that judges must be impartial and seen to be so ? 
Similarly they must be pleased by the traces of evidence that suggest partisan voters find the relative impartiality of television news somewhat irritating . 
Sponsorship decisions that they face and must take because of their impecunity are based on a careful assessment of their impact upon their participants and their supporters .
The ground dipped between two minor cliffs , and the architect must have figured they would make swell windbreaks . 
It is , I suppose , likely that people with little money must think of money more than the well-off do and that the hungry will dwell on thoughts of food and the thirsty on drink .
However , for a board to effectively perform its responsibilities , it must have the `` right people '' who possess an `` independent spirit '' and are `` knowledgeable '' of the company/industry and the company 's constituencies .
3- Must differenciate between who 's in the village , where relations are stronger , than it is in the city , where there 's different people with different ideas .
" Yes , sir , there must have been some very strange people with some very strange ways in this house .
The teams must include at least one person with no working knowledge of education . 
At some stage a bereaved person usually begins to feel that he or she must be very selfish indeed . 
In Judaism the bereaved person must be surrounded with friends and relatives for the first week and cared for . 
The end result is that disabled persons must have the requisite skills , educational background , experience and other qualifications for the job . 
There you are , she must really be an awful person , even to think such things . 
But a man must wait until Osiris calls him . " 
Casual onlookers must have been puzzled by the presence of several elderly Japanese gentlemen dotted around the congregation . 
` The sentence must also make it clear to others that the law will not permit individuals of excellent character , such as yourself , to take the law into their own hands . " 
TV chap , Terry Wogan , must be getting old . 
All were convinced that anything so compelling and engrossing in the life of the young child must be profoundly signiﬁcant .
I still have it today , and I must admit that the ` poems " indicate the desperation of a lonely adolescent rather than the promise of any talent . 
At least two responsible adults must supervise the burning and a mobile container(s) with at least 1000 litres of water must be on hand at the site . 
To achieve this , students must be treated as adults , as are those in higher education . 
And if adults were to learn about child development by observing free play , there must also be free communication . 
Older children must wear an approved child restraint or an adult seat belt . 
I suppose when a very young infant is adopted , the temptation to the parents to pretend that the child was born to them must be very great . 
In training for youth , the child must be given reasons ; in the training of the infant for childhood this can not be done . 
The families of the two dead teenagers say there must have been an alternative to opening fire . 
I must have strained it or something playing with the kids . 
After all , even a hardened reprobate like myself must have some standards to adhere to .
You must be a foreigner from a distant and barbarous land !
Like Southern Baptists of Tennessee , many Northern Irish Presbyterians believe that the wine enjoyed by Jesus and His disciples must have been grape juice , since Christians do not drink alcohol .
All parties given notice of the appointment must attend unless the court or justices ' clerk directs otherwise ( FPCR , r16(1) ; FPR , r4.16(1) ) . 
But this accident must be something far more serious , because all the nursery maids were crying , and so , when she looked through the bannisters on her way to bed , were the servants downstairs . 
Cameron Ward , a manager at the North Middlesex Hospital in Edmonton , north London , said : ` We must give priority to emergencies . " 
Billy Bonds , West Ham 's manager , keeps on saying that his team must win all their remaining matches to stay up , but they keep on losing instead . 
Only the professor in a hospital department is allowed to do private practice and this must be done on the hospital premises . 
This in turn creates one of the most difficult problems of all , a personal one which many government servants , and agents or consultants must feel . 
It must be noted that Dr . Bruno Schiefer , the Canadian toxicologist approached by Iran , was doubtful that Iran would use the strains for illicit BW purposes .
" I suppose we 'd better start having a look along the banks soon , although I must say I 'm in no particular hurry . 
But you must n't peek at my feet like that , poor horrible ugly deformed things . " 
While you are watching these bones in the water , you must on no consideration take your eyes off it . 
Her swollen lips burned and she knew she must look a mess .
My doctor tells me that leg of his must still be hurting like the devil . 
The definition can be made more accurate , but not wholly satisfactory by specifying that the other animal must have changed its behaviour because it perceived the signal through its sense organs , and was not physically forced . 
This is the only way out , so the adventurers must head for it , even though they ca n't be sure that the haze and mist they see beyond the archway offers any real hope of release . 
HARRISON Ford must have wished for a second take during a speech in London to promote his new film , The Fugitive , based on the hit 1960 television series starring David Janssen . 
If in effect , therefore , the wife and new husband wish to hold the property as beneficial joint tenants , they must make the declaration contained in Precedent 35 . 
But it must have taken some sweet talking from Newman to persuade Mansell 's wife Rosanne to agree . 
According to this law , both partners in a marriage have a duty to help each other , must share the housework and have the same obligations and duties concerning the raising and education of their children . 
Jane Austen said , ` It is a truth universally acknowledged , that a single man in possession of a good fortune must be in want of a wife . " 
Older men are usually polygynous ; thus a youth rarely has available for marriage an age-mate female , and he must wait for a younger generation of females to mature before cohabitation with them . 
This may reflect the fact that TNF-? therapies for IBD are aimed at efficiently clearing TNF-? , while IL -10 therapies must increase IL-10 and recombinant IL-10 is likely too rapidly cleared from the circulation after in vivo administration to provide a uniform protection [ 55 ] . On the other hand , IL -10 gene transfer technology has been used with some success in models of colitis , however its effectiveness is also variable .
He offers two reasons why we must replace the welfare state , three steps toward success , Four Great Truths of our Generation , five Pillars of Freedom and Progress , seven aspects of committing ourselves to real change , nine zones of invention and creativity , 10 steps toward Renewing American Civilization , 13 Renewing America Strategies , 14 steps to replacing the welfare state with an opportunity society , and 17 key factors in a House victory .
Performance measurement ( principle IV ) and information management human capital development ( principle VI ) are two areas that private , state , and federal CIOs all agreed must be addressed in order for the CIO and the supporting organization to be successful .
But in his absence no-one was capable of providing it and that must be hugely worrying for Wilkinson , who has taken the biggest gamble of his successful career by selling the striker .
These beliefs must have aroused considerable anxiety among followers of Calvin : Weber suggested that believers must have experienced ` salvation panic '' , The only way to bring about a degree of calm , claimed Weber , would be to think that , like the good tree that can not bear evil fruit , people could not be successful in this world without God 's blessing .
Leading them must be R. K. Cope , who took pictures of the trackbed , complete with rails , bridges etc , together with a number of shots of stations with rolling stock standing in them .
It must be possible to write sections of text to external files without change to the original and to insert text from external sources at any desired position . 
He must have parked around the front of the motel . 
You must always stand so that you face the opponent because this is the position from which you can launch the maximum number of powerful attacks and place your opponent at a disadvantage . 
In order to situate those views we must begin with Oakeshott 's account of the nature of human conduct . 
Food must be bagged and boxed , and taken to the patient , for nothing nutritious will be otherwise provided . 
` You really must see this , " Jeremy explains as he pockets the ignition key , ` it 's the heart of the nightlife area . 
` If you must add more colour , dab it a little lower down , on a line with your ear lobes . " 
` You must learn to sheathe your claws , gattina . 
And when she came home she said , Do you know what she said she must have taken ages she said to put that cord through that er beam , she said . 
Colin must win because he is the physical buffoon ; he falls into traps and puts his head through walls , falls downstairs and all those things . " 
The idea shocked many people who were convinced that the only cause must be genetic , or chemical , or a virus , something they could put under a microscope . 
A £25 excess applies and brittle items must be packaged by professional packers . 
Like gardeners , they must cast out the evil weeds and plough the matted earth into long fields and sow the seeds of future harvests . 
Spring cabbages must be sown by early to mid-August . 
Kenneth Baker has decreed that all new cable systems must be compatible , so that a system laid in one part of the country will interface with the systems laid in other parts .
Although information on WMD programs for many countries is often limited , when it comes to assessing Iran 's alleged CW program , one must sift through a mountain of information , much of which is long on allegation and short on specific , corroborated evidence .
The prime minister known as Abu Mazen must now contend with the rejection of side by side Palestinian and Israeli states .
Translator : The armed Intifada must end and we must use and resort to peaceful means in our quest to end the occupation and the suffering of the Palestinians , and the Israelis , and to establish the Palestinian state .
A final statement yesterday said : `` While some advances are being made in nations throughout the hemisphere , the state of press freedom in the Americas still must be regarded as grim as long as journalists and their families are subject to the crudest form of censorship : death by assassination . ''
He has publicly said Palestinians must abandon their claim to a right of return to Palestinian lands .
Finally , as greenhouse gas emissions are projected to grow exponentially in the developing world in the next two decades , we must evaluate the costs of imposing domestic reductions as a very high cost against potentially low-cost opportunities for mitigating and sequestering carbon emissions in the developing world .
But if the republics are to undertake reform for themselves , agreement must be struck between the central and local governments both on the central-bank system and on who owns which factories . 
His companion was much younger , perhaps no older than herself , fair , very good-looking , blue-eyed , with the sort of open face that persuades you its possessor must be gentle and kind .
` It is a truth universally acknowledged that a single man in possession of a good fortune must be in want of a wife , " said James . 
Around the campfire crouched three red-bearded highlanders , clad in considerable quantities of musty-looking tartan and armed to the yellow teeth . 
` Did the doctor say how long I must lie in my bed ? " he asked . 
` The assassin must have been lying on the ground or Father standing on some steps ? 
Weasel Eyes looked as if he had n't moved but the other two hypocrites must have dined well for they were slouched , half-asleep , in their high-backed chairs .
` Looking back on it the plan could n't have been simpler but we must have rehearsed it forty times .
Finn said : ` You must rehearse with me . "
Therefore the laudable desire to contextualise the message must not be pressed to provide a carte blanche advocacy of every aspect of a particular culture . 
Overall , the Braintree team worked hard and produced a creditable performance which must be repeated at Lincoln on Saturday . 
Torrential rain throughout the 90 minutes destroyed the game as a spectacle but Derry boss , Roy Coyle , must still be worried by the failure of his midfield players to function as a cohesive unit . 
The user must be able to predict from one part of the semantic net what is likely to be in another , analogous part of the semantic net . 
Recent business projections for Las Vegas predict challenges ; tourism revenues must increase substantially to sustain what is already built , while actual figures show visitation as steady or declining .
At least he could go without being prodded ; at least he could steel himself against what he must see .
We are too much a prey to the belief that if one kind of education is good , another must be bad , or at least worse than the good .
Obviously , organic does signify better , or at the least an improvement , but the buyer must beware .
The salt must be rubbed or soaked into the meat to preserve it . 
But Hunter must surely have known that Van Butchell , famed for his eccentricities , had no intention of burying his wife once the embalming had been done . 
On the other hand , many scientists are certain that gigantism must preclude elevated rates of metabolism .
The artist must play an integral part in the process from the beginning .
I think that Hamas is ready to join the political process , however , if the only price for the political price is you must fight Hamas , if that 's what they are requiring Abu Mazen to do , they are almost mandating that he will fail .
So our work must continue .
Translator : The armed Intifada must end and we must use and resort to peaceful means in our quest to end the occupation and the suffering of the Palestinians , and the Israelis , and to establish the Palestinian state .
Treatment must address all aspects of this complex disorder ( table I ) and begins with a thorough appraisal of the patient 's physical condition , together with identification of important medical complications . 
Penrose 's theorem had shown that any collapsing star must end in a singularity ; the time-reversed argument showed that any Friedmann-like expanding universe must have begun with a singularity . 
This decision is of vital importance , and of course it must be made before trading can commence . 
Instead , I simply assume that there must have been a valid reason for the cessation of emotional hostilities between us and have no desire to resume them . 
When Perdita last saw her as Victor 's bimbo in 1981 , Sharon 's hair had been dyed the colour of strawberry jam , her splendid breasts had floated like beachballs out of her skin-tight polyester dress and her six-inch spike heels must have terrorized any lurking moles as she tripped on to the Rutshire pitch at treading-in time .
All timber MUST be treated with preservative .
He must have spent all last night developing and printing them ( as if he 'd go to the chemist 's !
On the other hand , commercial companies must develop high-quality products quickly or they may not survive in the marketplace .
By contrast , commercial companies must develop high-quality products quickly or they may not survive in the marketplace .
In either case I must incur initial losses that are , in effect , part of the price of entry into the market--an add-on to the cost of developing a product in the first place .
The next document from the Enterprise must provide specifics on project management , although one problem with putting a time frame on HIV vaccine development is a fundamental one : we do not know whether it is actually possible to develop a safe and effective vaccine .
Right : With an unusual hoop-back Regency design , the Greenwich armchair from Barnsley House 's Winterthur collection is a must for those looking for sturdy yet stylish garden furniture . 
Obama hailed Afghanistan 's progress in the years since the 2001 U. S. -led invasion that toppled the Taliban , but made it clear that much more must be done .
A final statement yesterday said : `` While some advances are being made in nations throughout the hemisphere , the state of press freedom in the Americas still must be regarded as grim as long as journalists and their families are subject to the crudest form of censorship : death by assassination . ''
We must now look at these hamlets : when they originated , how they developed and how they managed the landscape .
Older men are usually polygynous ; thus a youth rarely has available for marriage an age-mate female , and he must wait for a younger generation of females to mature before cohabitation with them .
This process must not be rushed or the final cheese will be of poor quality and liable to develop faults while it matures .
Although information on WMD programs for many countries is often limited , when it comes to assessing Iran 's alleged CW program , one must sift through a mountain of information , much of which is long on allegation and short on specific , corroborated evidence .
If every new refinement since then in the quiet sapping of our national morale has earned a numerical `` column , '' then by now , I estimate , we must be up somewhere close to `` 78 th column `` ( applied , maybe , to producers of the weekly network TV movies about bloody domestic mayhem ) and `` 79 th column `` ( airplane passengers who bring carry-on luggage that they know wo n't fit into the overhead storage bins ) or possibly even higher .
A final statement yesterday said : `` While some advances are being made in nations throughout the hemisphere , the state of press freedom in the Americas still must be regarded as grim as long as journalists and their families are subject to the crudest form of censorship : death by assassination . ''
Children must be protected from indoctrination from such sources .
Of course , you must make sure you protect the baby from a toddler who pinches or slaps or tries to tip her out of the pram when your back is turned .
A macroeconomic model by its very nature must be highly simplified since its purpose is to simulate what is happening in the economy as a whole .
It must be noted that Dr . Bruno Schiefer , the Canadian toxicologist approached by Iran , was doubtful that Iran would use the strains for illicit BW purposes .
Inspector Baynes , considering that such a visit must have some purpose in view and was likely , therefore , to be repeated , abandoned the house but left an ambuscade in the shrubbery .
Britain 's national energy strategy must be set within an overall European framework , with the aim of reducing pollution , improving energy efficiency and boosting the use of renewables .
First the chairman must be quite clear what the objectives of the company are .
The program designer takes charge of the production of the computer program for the unit which must achieve a presentation that allows the educational objectives to be reached .
Sorting out those programs and agencies that would most benefit from consolidation versus those in which dual missions must be balanced in order to achieve a more effective fit in DHS is a difficult but critical task .
There must be oodles of territory in Saxony and Thuringia that used to be owned by the East German government . 
The countryside became more deserted , farmsteads and villages more sparse as they approached the green mass of trees on the far horizon which Corbett knew must be the great Forest of Ettrick . 
The masses of materials used at each stage must equal the masses of material produced . 
` Oh -- um -- I 'm afraid I 've scads of letters I must write , " she excused , hoping to be forgiven . 
Moreover , because of the inexorable force of gravity , in due course — over many billions of years — the entire galaxy must be consumed … if these ideas are correct . 
There must have been dozens of dead animals lying around , most of them killed by shrapnel or having wandered into a minefield . 
This plethora of configuration options means that you must ensure that you have the manuals for both drives . 
Large quantities of frozen food are nowadays delivered regularly to stores and the Service must ensure that the temperature of the stock at the time of delivery is correct before it goes into the cold store . 
Perhaps the number of thinly-disguised character studies in modern fiction , from Molly Keane to Emma Tennant , are a better tribute to her than anything else , not all of them flattering , it must be said . 
One rapidly runs out of hands and must resort to fingers and toes , for after years of laboriously categorizing these languages , the number of different main branches ( called families and subfamilies ) came to about ten .
In order for either approach to fully realize its potential of truly evolving libraries of diverse synthetic molecules , rather than simply enriching libraries that already contain at the outset the `` most fit '' molecule , researchers must develop sophisticated library syntheses that generate remarkable complexity ( vast numbers of different compounds ) in a relatively modest number of DNA-compatible synthetic steps .
` Anybody who would hire a waitress without an ounce of experience must be something of a saint , " Charity agreed . 
Small amounts of food must be left for the birds until they learn to fend for themselves . 
A wave of sympathy swept over him , some of which must have shown on his face , for Connon now smiled at him ironically . 
Although information on WMD programs for many countries is often limited , when it comes to assessing Iran 's alleged CW program , one must sift through a mountain of information , much of which is long on allegation and short on specific , corroborated evidence .
She must have seen a few sights in her time . "
All members commanders as well as subordinates must obey these rules .
For Mercury to have an iron core which is wholly or substantially molten today it must either possess significant quantities of U , Th and K in the core and deep mantle , or tidal heating by the Sun must be particularly powerful , or the solar wind must be efficient at inducing electric currents in the core .
Secondly , the quality and quantity of Nizan 's output must be judged bearing in mind not only the ideological but also the practical implications of his membership of the French communist party during the 1930s .
Furthermore , most migrants defined themselves as English speakers : it must be said that Jamaicans consider themselves speakers of English , and are offended when ignorant English people inquire what their mother tongue might be . 
Mr Dugdale must have missed the Granada 500 transmitted in primetime on ITV -- the only time during the campaign when the three party leaders were questioned by real voters on national television . 
After all , I began by stating that a bacterium swimming upstream in the glucose gradient was acting on its own behalf in an environment , defined an autonomous agent as a physical system able to act on its own behalf , then asked what a physical system must be such that it can act on its own behalf .
It is not Nizan 's allegiance to communism which must be interpreted in the light of his resignation from the party . 
And we have to vacate this room in three months ' time because of the restoration work and the collection must be catalogued by then . 
At the very least they must be contained and never allowed to sally out . 
You must never allow yourself to be crowded out , neither must you retreat so far that you overstep the area boundary . 
Inspector Baynes , considering that such a visit must have some purpose in view and was likely , therefore , to be repeated , abandoned the house but left an ambuscade in the shrubbery .
But I must ask you to be patient with my navigation in these uncharted waters .
` This greater broad backed bookworm must be found before he encourages other animals to read those books he seems to devouring just now , " said laid back Rabbit . 
There must also be the motivation to take advantage of these factors .
To achieve Part One , applicants must demonstrate their ability to design a solution that meets customers ' needs effectively , as well as the capability to operate contracts within agreed performance parameters . 
We must make our argument clear . 
In the morning , Jack related his experience to his wife who listened sympathetically but reassured him that it must have been a nightmare .
The conclusions raise the prospect that the insurgency in the south may never be completely vanquished , but instead must be contained to prevent it from threatening the government of President Hamid Karzai .
When , as must happen , you have to let me go for lack of evidence , I shall go to Cambridge to recuperate from my ordeal . 
Hon. Members can imagine how inept the Government must be to believe that overlooking a prison yard , floodlit day and night , would be conducive to the recuperation of neurosurgical patients . 
Before a skyscraper can be built , a feng shui ( see page 68 ) investigation must take place to ensure that the site and the building will promote health , harmony , and prosperity .
Moves to overhaul the income tax system must be accompanied by similar changes in wealth taxation .
A final statement yesterday said : `` While some advances are being made in nations throughout the hemisphere , the state of press freedom in the Americas still must be regarded as grim as long as journalists and their families are subject to the crudest form of censorship : death by assassination . ''
3- Must differenciate between who 's in the village , where relations are stronger , than it is in the city , where there 's different people with different ideas .
For a purely parochial event , it must have been quite an occasion because I believe that it ran from Wednesday , through to the following Saturday . 
The diplomacy which must have preceded this match , and Cnut 's desire for it , imply worries about Robert 's attitude which were to prove well founded . 
There is a further important refinement to the preceding discussion that must now be addressed . 
Care must be taken to ensure that the animals are dead prior to disposal and it should be noted that mice 1 -- 8 days old take longer to die than adults . 
All orders must be placed through the Departmental secretary with my prior authority . 
Recent business projections for Las Vegas predict challenges ; tourism revenues must increase substantially to sustain what is already built , while actual figures show visitation as steady or declining .
I must admit I relied on him a great deal when dealing with the World Council of Churches .
Melanie wondered if they would go to church , to Midnight Mass , because she , in a muddled way , thought they must be religious if they believed so firmly in Hell .
Nevertheless it is indisputable that all the early church fathers believed in the Devil as the Evil One , although it was never found necessary to define him in the way we must do so about God .
Scraps of sedge and meadow rue still cling to its margins , the last remnants of a marsh which must once have inundated the whole valley floor .
There were also remnants of late bluebells which were well past their best but must have been magnificent in spring .
After all , a policy advocate of whatever persuasion ought to be able to make a case for his position without relying on calculations that count the same benefits twice , or forgetting that foreign exchange must either be spent on imports or invested abroad , that it ca n't just disappear .
And although I never met my grandfather , I have never forgotten that story and when I hear of him I think what a wonderful , wonderful person he must have been .
Great care should be taken before attempting to drain the water out of this type of system -- the boiler must be let out first . 
The brewer must now extract these sugars by adding more hot water and so transfers the mash to a mash-tun . 
The brain must extract , from a novel view of a face , the information necessary to achieve a match with a representation stored in memory . 
She had a longish , plain face with a straight nose and almost no eyebrows ; she must have plucked them away in order to repaint them in higher up . 
Goodness knows how many times Mravinsky must have conducted the Fifth Symphony after its emotional premiàre on November 21st 1937 ( Shostakovich 's rehabilitation after the Lady Macbeth affair , in the middle of the Stalin purges ) . 
He regarded Lexandro musingly as a brother might a sister whose honour he must protect -- a sentiment which Lexandro had purged from his own soul , though he recognized the symptoms . 
The latter , stripped of their powers to assume parental rights or to demand notice of a child 's removal from ` accommodation " , must work on the basis of negotiation and voluntary agreement . 
Some caution must be exercised , however , in these patients and the advent of laparoscopic cholecystectomy may markedly increase the proportion of such patients considered fit for gall bladder removal . 
To have closed such a gap the niggled gentleman must have swiped the juice from his companions ' lips the moment we passed and kick-started them into a sprint . 
Again , a substantial withdrawal of allegiance from Aethelred must have occurred . 
Secondly , banks must maintain an adequate degree of liquidity , i.e. cash , to meet customers ' cash withdrawals . 
The whole must be torn out by the roots .
Tearing out a sheet from his notebook , de Castelnau scribbled down his historic order that Verdun must be defended at all costs on the Right Bank , and handed it to Pétain .
It follows from the foregoing that a condition of the type at issue in the main proceedings , which stipulates that where a vessel is owned or chartered by natural persons they must be of a particular nationality , and where it is owned or chartered by a company the shareholders and directors must be of that nationality , is contrary to article 52 of the E.E.C. Treaty .
For distance you must now substitute that very special , and far less abstract , sort of distance which we call height : height which speaks immediately to our muscles and nerves .
He must inform the officials to settle the matter .
When questions of the rightness or wrongness regarding a particular situation arise , there must be a constant appeal to the human conscience , supplementing appeal to human respect for constitutional law . 
Lastly , general practitioners must feel confident to ask a colleague for advice if poor control of symptoms persists . 
But she must ask ; beg even , or he 'd be knocking on the kitchen door at Jarman House , asking the Lord knew what favours . 
25 billion in assets two Swiss banks may pay to survivors this week , they must fill out forms asking them to : `` Please describe , in as much detail as you can , where the Subject was from 1934 to 1945 . ''
She begged pardon at once for -- being so free as to presume I will be read but then , ma'am , you must blame yourself for encouraging in me that letter-writing soul . 
" He appeared disoriented , begged to be allowed to sleep , and said he must have been cured by an injection . 
Presidents , on the other hand , can rarely issue plausible , self commands ; for the most part they must persuade rather than order other political actors to do what they want them to do . 
If you 're a school governor or a member of a P T A or just a parent , you must demand that the real facts of life and death are part of sex and hygiene education . 
But despite all Creggan 's entreaties for her to talk more of Callanish , Minch refused , saying she was tired and must rest . 
His justification for the necessary invasion of privacy is the familiar - and thoroughly respectable -- plea that politics should and must be personalised . 
A partner must not be prohibited access to information at his reasonable request .
We urged on him that the RUC must be given a ` fraud squad " as quickly as possible . 
We must beware of hysterical solutions to complex problems urged by people whose real motive is often hatred of industry and capitalism . 
` We really must find out when Karl is coming back , " Frau Nordern went on . 
` Really , Marjorie , you must n't let yourself be infected by the hysterical nonsense in this morning 's papers . 
We really must keep a better fire , or see if we can put in some central heating of some sort . " 
So the ` markers " of good judgement and the rules that are really important must become so ingrained that children have their own discretion and a conscience to ` remind " them of right and wrong . 
Oh well , there 's no harm done in this case , only you really must be more chary of giving invitations to people we know nothing about . " 
When at last Tamar and Stephen decided that they really must leave , Victoria pleaded for them to stay a little longer . 
Joy said that this really was n't on and that they must pull up at the side of the road and try to find some stones or something with which to wedge the coffin . 
I really must design a multi-signal-scrambling-decoder for trapping these essential little fly buggers -- except that I do n't have the technical knowledge and I 'd certainly burst at least one ear drum trying to fit it in ! 
` Oh , no , not really , it must be interesting . " 
` I really must be going to Matey , Dr Neil . 
` You really must n't bother me too much , old love , must n't disturb the goose when he 's trying to lay the golden egg , y'know . " 
Now that the evenings were drawing in , she really must start locking up once she was aboard . 
` But I really must insist . " 
You really must improve your vocabulary . " 
` Now I really must get on . 
She really must put Maria Luisa and Steve and Fernando out of her mind and concentrate on what she was here on the island of Majorca for -- to work . 
Then she said bracingly , ` Well , you 'll just have to avoid him as much as possible , but you really must go . 
Well I think really what one must look for now is more detailed research on what actually goes on in mixed ability classrooms . 
It really must make the school children feel that they 've really done some important research . 
This exists simply because he must necessarily reveal aspects of a closed and somewhat secretive society to the outside if he is to pursue any ethnography at all . 
It is made clear that this does not simply mean that each school must offer such a curriculum ; each individual pupil must take it up . 
Put very simply , in order to know anything we must assume certain things in faith . 
` It ca n't be helped , it must be done , " he said after they had eaten and rested . 
Therefore generalisations made in the course of the book usually must be qualified heavily by such convenient disclaimers as ` sometimes " , or ` under certain circumstances " . 
But it must be recognized at the outset that as soon as sampling is carried out the statements made about the cases involved become probability statements . 
I must be the only artist who does a huge painting and then does the preparatory work afterwards . 
After meeting him for the first time , Vincent thought that he must be wealthy . 
An alternative theory , and one which , if true , must sadden him , is that China no longer regards him as a threat . 
There must be specific suspicions that the solicitor would behave improperly . 
" It must be very dangerous on the roof , " Melinda said . 
Throughout the speech you must speak loudly , aiming to be heard by the person at the far end of the room . 
But if a receiver has been appointed by the court , the court 's leave must be obtained , for it is then in possession through its officers . 
Some other justification must be sought . 
Our slogan must be , Child Labour , I Wo n't Wear It . 
The thought went through my mind , she ca n't help me ! -- It must be years yet before she will come to write her masterpiece . 
The Government must be seen to be green . 
It must be understood , however , that the modelling process is a sophisticated matter involving probabilities and what is called Monte Carlo reckoning . 
Montagu apart , there was unanimous agreement that his challenge must be resisted , and that Asquith could best do this by resigning . 
The report on title must be signed and dated and must indicate the completion date . 
There must be some other girls . 
By 1913 Pound is confiding in his fiancée as , we must believe , he did to no one else . 
We must do still more , and we shall . 
Sustainable use is the key idea behind any kind of progress and we must do everything we can to support this , both in terms of financial aid and consumer ethics . 
Another said , ` I have been thoroughly happy with this diet , though I must admit I do enjoy bread , fruit and salads in the normal way of things . 
` If I must collect their newspaper , I 'll do it my own way " 
I must add that personally these absences did n't really bother me as my number one champion was there and went on to win , in what was a scary final for me . 
It is sometimes said that if one wishes to reject such values one must do so by rejecting the very concepts incorporated in such words , and can not do this merely by applying their negation . 
He tried to wriggle out of his responsibilities however , but his boss said : " If you want to keep your job , this is what you must do . " 
But what you must not do ( and could conceivably lay yourself open to legal proceedings by doing ) is to quote exactly and at some length . 
` You must do what you think fit , " he said , rising from the bed and brushing past her ; her gaze followed him , sweeping his nakedness . 
Sapt talked to me for three hours about what I must do and what I must say , what I liked and what I did n't like . 
` Everyone must know that we do n't live together , or even see each other . " 
Hurry hurry , they say , we must get done 
Of course there are people who come from disadvantaged backgrounds ; of course we must do what we can about it . 
We must work at this thing ; I do not believe that it is without solution . " 
The sum of these probabilities should be 1.0 , meaning that the executive must do one of the four things mentioned . 
Now I must ask you , I hope you do n't mind me recording this thing . 
I 'll come home when I can , but I must go to London . 
I must go to England to do the work and I want to marry Elizabeth when I return . " 
The application form asks if you require adaptations , and you must say what you need and why . 
` We think the Keystone dialogue has the right approach , but governments must support it " , he says . 
Flora must get herself a job , he said , then she would not have to go to India . 
How many times must I say it before it sinks in ? " 
` There is something I must tell you , " said Huy , tensing himself . 
" We must face the fact " he said " that the mainland area is now controlled by the Chinese communist regime . " 
They must take a realistic view and look objectively when deciding which movements will best describe individuality . 
Media and social pressures must take some of the blame for the increase in debt . 
` You must take his place , " said their father to Paul . 
It believes that theological colleges and courses must take a new look at the quantity and quality of the preparation given to ordinands for their responsibilities in leading public worship . 
If such people are not genuine asylum seekers we must take action to protect the rest of the community , including the ethnic minorities , from them . 
Each local authority must compile a register containing the names and addresses of those within the area who are liable to pay the tax and the dates from which they become , or cease to be , liable . 
I must find Maggie . 
You must stand guard over him at all times . " 
When designing a silhouette picture you will have to adopt a different technique from normal , as the shape of the flowers and foliage must really stand out against the background . 
Finally , the citizen must , if true to his quality , be possessed of some civic virtue . 
He must , if necessary ( and many children manage this ) , become bilingual , able to switch as the occasion demands between what may be virtually or actually two languages . 
We must , therefore , seek to discover what the gospel has to say to our culture . 
Until then , bear in mind the spirit of the law : use reasonable force to defend yourself , but only when you must . 
Media theories for the present must , therefore , make the absence of state control their cornerstone . 
But have him out of here we must , and quickly . " 
The draftsman must , however , make it clear whether the periods are to be measured from the date from which the term of the lease is computed or from the date of the lease itself . 
If he is to write at all he must , in the final irony , turn to language . 
Teachers must always realise that the ` obvious purpose of school is to fit children to the society in which they will grow up " . 
John , who travels abroad often , is at home in Boston and receives a call that he must immediately go to Paris .
John , who travels abroad often , is at home in Boston and receives a call that he must immediately go to Paris .
Recent business projections for Las Vegas predict challenges ; tourism revenues must increase substantially to sustain what is already built , while actual figures show visitation as steady or declining .
Translator : The armed Intifada must end and we must use and resort to peaceful means in our quest to end the occupation and the suffering of the Palestinians , and the Israelis , and to establish the Palestinian state .
I think that Hamas is ready to join the political process , however , if the only price for the political price is you must fight Hamas , if that 's what they are requiring Abu Mazen to do , they are almost mandating that he will fail .
1- There must be time priorities .
2- Must differenciate between the infidels , which is in the public eye , and who works behind the scenes , as a mastermind .
3- Must differenciate between who 's in the village , where relations are stronger , than it is in the city , where there 's different people with different ideas .
A final statement yesterday said : `` While some advances are being made in nations throughout the hemisphere , the state of press freedom in the Americas still must be regarded as grim as long as journalists and their families are subject to the crudest form of censorship : death by assassination . ''
He must inform the officials to settle the matter .
All members commanders as well as subordinates must obey these rules .
Before a skyscraper can be built , a feng shui ( see page 68 ) investigation must take place to ensure that the site and the building will promote health , harmony , and prosperity .
So our work must continue .
Visitors need a visa to enter China , and must disembark at the border ( now called `` boundary '' ) checkpoint , Lo Wai .
Well , as he says , we must each try our own way and see what comes of it .
If the law can do nothing we must take the risk ourselves . "
They must prove to Thadeus that they 're here to destroy what he hates , and they 've got to do this in a reasonable period of time . 
Now , I 'll save your life , if I can , but it must be a bargain -- you must save Long John from dying under the law . ''
The Kindermuseum must be booked in advance and at present the tours are in Dutch only .
In order to qualify , a successor must have resided with the tenant during the period of 12 months ending with the tenant 's death . 
` Before leaving Windermere , I must mention an artist , who is but little known , Mr. Green , who has resided amongst the mountains , chiefly at Ambleside , during the last ten years . 
You must lodge here tonight at least , and as long as you may wish . 
But people living around Castlemorton Common say the Eastnor event must be called off . 
Thus , when we examine datasets for malaria , we must also consider the evolution of drug resistance and a growing human population that is increasingly forced to live in areas that are marginal for agricultural production but optimal for malaria transmission .
-As described earlier , rural customers who do not live along the rural route must place a mail receptacle along the rural route .
He must have succeeded since by the end of the next day we 'd moved up to fifth place , and we got our permit to camp for two nights by the Colorado . 
The draft Approved Document also contains a provision requiring that the first occupants of a dwelling must receive instructions on how to look after the smoke detector system that has been installed . 
But he must be all too aware that it wo n't impress the Soviet citizens facing economic crisis , and waiting in the food queues , nor will it immediately resolve the ethnic problems which beset him .
This issue must have been raised before and BSM would presumably be gratified to see the situation successfully resolved , once and for all .
This gross contradiction in public spending priorities must be resolved in favour of a genuine ` green " future for the Valleys .
This gross contradiction in public spending priorities must be resolved in favour of a genuine ` green " future for the Valleys .
It must show that serious offences against the criminal law will be effectively dealt with .
To preclude a charge from being a floating charge , the restriction must substantially deprive the company of the power to deal with its assets in the normal course of business .
Any omissions , misunderstandings or disagreements must be identified quickly and dealt with .
I must go and break it to dear Dimity , and then we must clear up things here , and set off for Thrush Green without delay . "
" I must congratulate you , Inspector , on handling so distinctive and instructive a case .
If anyone had been crying for help , the firemen must have responded by now .
Still , in her heart , she must retain bitterness and hatred against those who had killed him and would presumably help so far as she could to have revenge upon them .
Returning to the example given earlier of the broker/dealer department advising customer A to purchase shares in company B when the corporate finance department is advising B and knows that it is on the verge of insolvency , the question arises as to what the firm must divulge to A in order to modify its duty of undivided loyalty to A to the extent necessary to permit it to withhold the information about B. 
Not only must the prosecuting authorities have notice of the proposed order but they must unequivocally agree not to make use , directly or indirectly , of material divulged as a result of compliance with the order . 
` It is permissible for the data to be used for accident prevention purposes , but the source of the information must not be divulged to anyone who is not a member of the Authority . " 
I must ask all of you , on your oaths of office , not to divulge the contents of this message to anyone before it is officially released . 
Should he decide to open the envelope it must be on the condition that he will never divulge its contents to any other living person . " 
When he says , " What makes you so sure about these shares ? " you must reply , " I ca n't divulge my sources . " 
I must confess when I first saw the plan , I was totally confused by it .
Now it must be confessed that no one in that situation would be likely to justify his choice by saying ` In recalling the tastes I found myself spontaneously moved to take the peach " .
It must be confessed that this test is a rather artificial one .
It must be confessed that it is really difficult to pinpoint the precise locations of these ancient workings , which , at that time may have been little else than shallow holes on the outcrops .
But while on the subject of confessing ignorance , I must also state that I have so far made it through life without witnessing or participating in an Orange Walk .
I must confess that I find this deeply attractive , and I want to draw attention to a few Bible passages where I think this idea is being worked out .
I must confess when I first saw the plan , I was totally confused by it . 
` I must confess the fire at the manor has caused me some problems , " admitted Christian . 
` I must confess something to you , " he said . 
I must confess to falling for this combo the moment I saw its name ; anyone with a sense of humour like that is okay in my book ! 
I must now confess something which I kept back from you in Chapter 3 . 
It must be confessed that this test is a rather artificial one . 
It was not , I must confess , a very alluring prospect .
It must be frustrating to arrive at a police station after a hectic drive , only to find that ` the processes of investigation " necessitated a quick confession from the client . 
Proof of this crime must be established by confession or by four witnesses .
He must ask Maud Bailey about the Prowler , yet how could he do so without coming clean in some way -- about his own interest in the matter ?
I must admit , however , that I was somewhat surprised when , some five days after the crime , I opened my morning paper to find in large letters :
Doreen looked down at her hands , then admitted reluctantly , ` If you must know -- he told Jean he likes Lucy , and that he hopes she will never leave this place . 
I must admit , it was rather cruel of me to take advantage of your amiable nature . 
I must admit to liking Wadkin . 
` I must admit the squirrels were hard work . " 
But it must be admitted that the interpretation of the earlier building as a temple lacks conviction . 
` This poor murdered girl must be revenged . 
Still , in her heart , she must retain bitterness and hatred against those who had killed him and would presumably help so far as she could to have revenge upon them .
More than 120,000 soldiers have been battling the militants in the Kashmir valley , supported by locals , who look upon the security forces as a vengeful occupying force which must be opposed . 
Retaliation by loyalist gunmen must be avoided at all costs . 
Disobedient dogs must be disciplined consistently by voice command and direct stare . 
If muggers can be deterred by punitive sentencing , then some of them must be made an example of . 
I think my father must have suffered some of this , if only because he refused to have us children christened . 
While churches may differ in their understanding of the timing and mode of water baptism , they must emphasise the decisive spiritual reality depicted by the sacrament . 
In the tradition of Wilfrid , he seems to have taught the men of Lewes and Bramber how to fish ( they must have been very forgetful ) , or at least blessed their nets . 
If the sacrament of Holy Communion is the sacrament of reconciliation , of unity , of God making peace through the blood of his cross , then we must face the fact that this sacrament witnesses to our deep divisions , our brokenness and hurt . 
Thus to those conservatives who , arguing against the ordination of women , contend that Jesus ordained no ` priestesses " , it must be said that neither did he ordain any priests ! 
` You must feel it yourselves , with one of your archbishops excommunicated , and the other newly appointed and barely back from his own consecration . 
I believe he must have waited among the gorse bushes through which the path winds and struck him down as he passed .
It must be packed at times , but in the honey-gold light of early evening its narrow , car-free streets were hauntingly empty . 
Robyn smiled to herself as she charged down the motorway and imagined how she must look in such a battered , ramshackle old thing . 
` Drivers must stop their cars immediately before passing under railway bridges at Selhurst Station and Selby Road and conductors must mount the stairs and ascertain that all passengers are seated and warned of the danger . " 
They must always be risked .
First we must get him out of England , where he risks death every moment .
It was obvious that the fish -- the ` lowest " class within the vertebrate phylum -- must have evolved from a pre-existing invertebrate form , yet this had occurred before fossils became plentiful in the rocks .
Although information on WMD programs for many countries is often limited , when it comes to assessing Iran 's alleged CW program , one must sift through a mountain of information , much of which is long on allegation and short on specific , corroborated evidence .
Before a skyscraper can be built , a feng shui ( see page 68 ) investigation must take place to ensure that the site and the building will promote health , harmony , and prosperity .
So we must look around for phenomena that occur every 150 million years or so . 
The banks or river walls must be scanned for obscure discharge points . 
This type of biography must be particularly carefully scrutinized since it may be lacking in much criticism of its subject . 
She must have known the contents of the crates , for she asked for no details , no reason why a search by the French spelled complete disaster . 
The Irish National Teachers Organisation , which organised the survey of about 500 members during the first two weeks of this month , said Education Minister Jeremy Hanley must now delay statutory assessment . 
On those figures , reckons Joan D'Olier , retail analyst at County Natwest , the business must be on the market at £350-£450 million . 
Certain methods of construction must be carried out , but this does not mean that the building inspector has full control over the quality of workmanship . 
It must be noted that this latter source , cited by Anthony Cordesman , can not be independently corroborated , and firsthand data on Iranian BW agents is unavailable in open sources .
He said he had some news , but it was only for my ears and I must keep it confidential .
Seasonal workers do not have the security of full-time employment , since they must seek other means of support for part of the year .
The two men emerged from the crypt into the daylight , the shorter one leading , bounding up the stone steps as if relieved to be away from the musty chamber . 
He would have to hurry despite his leg , which he must have wrenched while clambering . 
Her heart in her mouth , she dropped to her knees and crawled along the path till she reached the window looking into what she guessed must be the front room of the cottage . 
I dashed across to the DC 's house to tell him that this train with several hundred refugees was standing in the station , and some shelter must be found for them . 
Another thought the women looked ‘ tired and sad … dressed in gowns that must have been old on their grandmothers ’ , while the children were dressed in ‘ garments of nondescript purpose and size , but were generally chubby , and gay , as they frolicked in and out among the baskets , bundles , bedding , babies ’ chairs etc , piled waist-high on various parts of the platform ' . 
The train hastened through the flat Thames Valley fields and flat Western suburbs with single-minded impatience ; Tessa felt that everyone aboard , like herself , must be on the way to some metropolitan sexual encounter . 
From inside the room it must have looked like he was just hopping off into empty space , say goodbye to Buck Rogers , a suicide leap over a thirty-foot drop . 
` That must be it ! " they said with one voice , and hurried forward . 
THE heady air of freedom must have gone to the PM 's head on her jaunt to Czechoslovakia and Hungary . 
But we can say nothing to these things you know Jackson , we must jog on and be content with the jingling of the bells , only d -- it , I hate a dust , and kicking up a dust , and being confined in harness while others ride in the waggon , under cover , stretching their legs in the straw at ease , and gazing at green trees and blue skies without half my Taste . 
He must have jogged to the shops and back , she deduced , keeping her brain detached as she stared at him . 
Some parents leap forward eagerly and some must be dragged to the battle lines . 
The phones ringing on each floor must have awakened Anna , for she could hear bare feet padding overhead . 
Rodriguez thought they must all look like big , hairless teddy-bears romping over the dunes . 
For some reason , this letter so unnerved her that she thought she must rush down to the sea at once , and run the thudding in her head quite out of it . 
It must be the influence of Jekyll and Hyde , which has been strong since John Barrymore grew long teeth and took to scuttling about dark expressionist streets , bashing and killing . 
The game is up and you must skulk back to your own area , full of socks and thick hats , and leave the mysterious , metallic things to people who can answer such a query with a number and a knowing smile . 
They must be young animals , he told himself as he slithered down . 
It must be windy at the top , for he could hear a large object slithering closer across the roof . 
She must have gone to bed some time ago , else Jessie would n't have been able to sneak out . 
So the camouflaged couple must sprint in a semblance of skating motion -- to lure another shuriken-starman with urgent gestures , and snuff him . 
He must have practically sprinted to his house , grabbed the bottle and glasses and sprinted back again . 
A police officer said : ` He must have staggered off by himself totally confused . 
She must be tired , for a delicious languor was stealing over her . 
Visitors to Yordas Cave who have left their cars parked at or near Masongill must retrace their steps along the Turbary Road , a walk equally enjoyable when done in reverse . 
So they must have stepped past her , into the church , into that dreadful room . 
He began to tremble as he stepped through the door and looked up at the dim stairway which climbed steeply out of the bare and musty hall . 
Even birds need toys -- fish must have some plants and rocks to swim around . 
All this is evidence , if any were needed , that the allies must tiptoe as carefully as possible in this region of broken pride and prickly sensitivities . 
Or must I wait about while the brat traipses away up there with meat for her , eh ? " 
As he left that all-too-familiar graveyard and tramped home through the snow , Charles the Cheesemonger must have thought that the century was drawing to an unpropitious end indeed . 
When Perdita last saw her as Victor 's bimbo in 1981 , Sharon 's hair had been dyed the colour of strawberry jam , her splendid breasts had floated like beachballs out of her skin-tight polyester dress and her six-inch spike heels must have terrorized any lurking moles as she tripped on to the Rutshire pitch at treading-in time . 
They shuffle out to a soft rhythmic crunching underfoot , reminiscent of how the boots of Napoleon 's legions must have sounded trudging back through the Russian snows . 
I must have wandered off course more than I had thought . 
And if the parents are to get all the food they need , it must be in an area where there is a great number of moths and other insects flying at night . 
The children found the hut door opened easily enough and cautiously they ventured in , the place smelt musty and stale but it fascinated them .
If there is doubt and unbelief to be overcome , it is outside of us , and like St George we must venture out of the camp and slay the dragons for the honour of faith .
Well , one year , I must admit , somebody in the class stormed out . 
A strong scent of wine and onions wafted up from him : a tart , sickly smell that mixed with the heavy mustiness of the room . 
Invasion by Iraq and the loss of Iran 's powerful ally , the United States , must have contributed to Iran 's sense of political and military vulnerability .
To create a strong sense of place , the surroundings must be all of a piece ; space , mass , shapes , and materials must reflect the same sensibility .
Which brings me to the point that we must not lose sight of the fact that in rugby terms we are not world champions . 
The sight is not to be believed — except that you absolutely must believe in the authenticity of their kneeling before a shrine to the Virgin of Guadalupe just before plunging head first into a narrow slit of water , 130 feet below .
It was cold inside but the friar was pleased that it had lost its musty smell . 
It must be growing louder : he no longer had to strain to hear that it was a thumping , a patting , the sound of squashy objects striking glass . 
It must have a taste to it . 
Ashley was glaring at me over the candle flame the way a hawk must glare at a field mouse the instant before it parts mouse from field forever . 
Governments and local authorities must help householders and industry to segregate their waste according to the composition of the materials . 
The project must have attributes which allow sequential processing .
If you are setting out for Shrewsbury tomorrow , so must Saint Winifred .
He punched his way through , tearing an opening in what must have been the thing 's gut ( for sinuous tubes were visible there , coils of transparent rubber that could only have been intestines ) . 
Blank lines must not be inserted between keywords .
Logically , therefore , we must conclude that since accidents do happen then either the system is faulty or someone along the line is not doing his job properly .
3 An isosceles triangle , which is also a right-angled triangle must have equal angles of … degrees ?
There must be some hidden sexual factor involved , as though the soft-furred ( and therefore sexy ) cat has come to stand for sexual violence and rape , via its savagely sharp claws and canine teeth .
` All this industry must be a sign of things looking good . " 
It must be emphasised that the results for an interim period do not usually provide a reliable indication of those for the full year . 
A third party has no right to accede ; the treaty must provide for accession , or the parties must have subsequently agreed to it .
It must be noted that , while there is great similarity of language in many passages recorded in all three Gospels , there are differences .
Second , close relatives must resemble each other with respect to such a character more than do distantly related individuals .
However , it must be remembered that the Chinese communists resembled the Kuomintang in using captured Japanese personnel for their own purposes after 1945 and indeed during the Chinese intervention in Korea from October 1950 .
He gradually induced in the group a feeling of hopelessness , which must have resembled what both Mr E and Dave were feeling in the classroom .
But if Trible 's position is that she is a literary critic , pursuing rhetorical criticism without commitment to the text , then it must be said that the impression she gives is often very different .
3- Must differenciate between who 's in the village , where relations are stronger , than it is in the city , where there 's different people with different ideas .
The speaker 's ability to plan utterances is not sufficiently good to allow planning and production to co-occur smoothly and without interference ; and so there are periods when production must suffer if planning is to proceed .
I must admit , however , that I was somewhat surprised when , some five days after the crime , I opened my morning paper to find in large letters :
Anyone who thinks Claire is sincere must have a brain smaller than a mouse dropping .
She continued : ` I am 70 years old but I felt I must make this sacrifice for them , even though the constraints on me in the future are very great . "
Coleridge must soon have taken the poem to read to the Wordsworths , and in the following month had an even more substantial achievement to show them .
“ You have wak 'd me too soon , I must slumber again . ” ” 
Rye must be soaked in hot water to destroy an anti-growth hormone in the seed coat before it is given to livestock , but triticale kernels can be fed directly to livestock with no harmful side-effects . 
The Romans soaked the pounded seed in wine and the word mustard is thought to come from the Latin mustum ardens meaning " burning must " -- grape must is newly-fermented grape juice . 
Hari felt guilt sear her , she should be more considerate of her mother and yet the work must be done or there would be no money . 
` Being called at an inconvenient time by an insensitive caller who assumes that since you 've answered the phone it must be convenient to talk " . 
I must admit , it was rather cruel of me to take advantage of your amiable nature . 
In some ways , life must seem to be a very cruel joke to millions of people on this earth . 
The only way to reply to a rude challenge must be an affected brightness of spirit however drenched and uncomfortable one might feel . 
But I must say some of the American girls are slightly more polite …
It was horrible inside the tomb -- there was an acrid smell of bat droppings and also I think Chid must have been disrespectful enough to use the place as a lavatory . 
She was quite nice to me , gave me a cup of tea , and said she knew about her father , that he was all right , and that I must n't worry . 
The threat of alliance between the king of France and an unfriendly ruler of northern Spain was one which must have worried the English in Bordeaux . 
I suppose I must at least be civil to the Danish envoys , and offer them some entertainment . 
It must be horrible to be driven away from all your old haunts because you might bump into your drug mates . 
The day seemed very long yesterday but I must say my ` bonne " was very good to me . 
I think that Hamas is ready to join the political process , however , if the only price for the political price is you must fight Hamas , if that 's what they are requiring Abu Mazen to do , they are almost mandating that he will fail .
A story which I heard from Dad about his days at Charlton-All-Saints brought a chuckle from him as he told it but , at the time , the occasion must have been almost tragic . 
The downstairs door must also have been open , because I could hear the clatter of the harpsichord mechanism . 
The old man must have moved very softly to get within twenty yards of him unheard , although the quiet afternoon was in fact a steady rumble and distant clatter of farm machinery . 
He knelt beside her and tried to take her in his arms ; with an animal yelp she pushed against the side of the musty barn , scrabbling to get away from him . 
It must be noted that this latter source , cited by Anthony Cordesman , can not be independently corroborated , and firsthand data on Iranian BW agents is unavailable in open sources .
But both are things we must be prepared to do on occasion , and both are preferable to staying at home and watching a lot of odious rubbish on television .
I think my desire to train a bird of my own must have been born right there in Colchester Park .
Shadow foreign minister George Robertson said : ` We are right to maintain pressure on Serbia and we must do so increasingly through sanctions .
Thus , the congruences tangent to both waves must begin to shear , and it can be seen from ( 6.23 ) that the components of the Weyl tensor <gap desc=formula> and <gap desc=formula> , and possibly <gap desc=formula> will necessarily appear .
Analysis of liability in international law must rest upon the principles of State responsibility .
Walsh , lecturing the others on how they must junk ` traditional left-wing fund-raising methods " , had the most important job of the moment as fund-raising co-ordinator . 
As your Solicitor is no longer acting for you , you must be prepared to address the Court on your own behalf . 
John Nef , in his Wiles Lectures of 1956 , concluded that , if we seek the origins of our modern quantitative-mindedness , we must concentrate on the last decades of the sixteenth century . 
A final statement yesterday said : `` While some advances are being made in nations throughout the hemisphere , the state of press freedom in the Americas still must be regarded as grim as long as journalists and their families are subject to the crudest form of censorship : death by assassination . ''
Again the prosecution must rely on what the driver tells them or on written instructions and, in rare cases, on admissions by the employer . 
The mother feels her older children must be exonerated from the allegations of abusing their younger siblings and calls for written apologies from all those involved in the affair . 
The girl who was being tutored out of school , and was , it must be remembered , a very disturbed child , had made a number of allegations to her teacher . 
The bishop 's spokesman Canon Andy Radford said : ` It must be emphasised that no charges have been brought against the bishop and the allegations about him are unsubstantiated . 
Although information on WMD programs for many countries is often limited , when it comes to assessing Iran 's alleged CW program , one must sift through a mountain of information , much of which is long on allegation and short on specific , corroborated evidence .
In June 1968 , they produced a document that announced that young Americans must accept the need for ` armed struggle " . 
SIR Ian McKellen ( Letters , March 29 ) must not be allowed to get away with his blanket assertion that equality for homosexuals has been established throughout Europe . 
Despite this assertion of confidence in the judiciary , there must be some doubt as to whether the law as it has evolved is in the best interests of the victim . 
This may mean ignoring the frequent assertion by critics that in adventure stones character must be subordinate to action . 
I must however caution that financial and other constraints compel us to plan more conservatively than I imagine you would wish . 
But he cautions the prosperous townie newcomer that money and ambition will count for nothing : ` You must wait patiently for acceptance into the village , and learn to share the atavistic values of the region . " 
But his definition of style, like Jakobson's of poetry, fails to allow for its multiplicity and changeability, even if it points to an important possible source of literary effect; and in his claims concerning readers ' responses he attributes to these a degree of regularity which to many must seem quite unrealistic. 
Etna is ` tired and must be thirsty " , he said in a bitter , parting comment as he left his land . 
However , comments by the American Banker 's President that U S industry must shed more jobs , saw Wall Street lose thirty four points . 
It is essential that a chairman capable of controlling the meeting be appointed ; no negative or critical comment must be allowed at this stage . 
He commented rather wryly : " Whether or not the delay of almost 6 months was procrastination must remain a matter of opinion . " 
It seems to allow that , although we must begin and end with appearances , we might find it possible and advantageous in doing so to interpose conjectures about their hidden causes . 
Each statement must be dated and signed by the maker and must contain a declaration that the maker believes the statement to be true and understands that it may be placed before the court . 
CPRW played a key role in drafting a declaration to the Edinburgh European Summit insisting that ` subsidiarity " must ` guarantee EC citizens the right to a clean and healthy environment " . 
Seekie refused and , despite earlier declarations to the contrary , asserted that the conflict " must be resolved by Liberians themselves without any interventions from outside " . 
We must pay particular attention to the declaration at the end of the treaty about the role of the national Parliament . 
Mr Bruton said those who believed that a British withdrawal , or a declaration in favour of a British withdrawal , would help solve the problem must answer these questions : 
The regime declares itself to be the only true guardian of socialism , but can offer no answer to what is happening elsewhere except to denounce foreign interference and to assert that communism must inevitably triumph . 
I exclaimed , bewildered , ` But she must be seventy . " 
He must learn how to explain to other people , who are not experts , the concepts which have become familiar to him . 
Everything must go on as before , she insisted . 
Serbia must comply with conditions insisted upon by Britain before the sanctions are fully lifted . 
Smith insists Brugge are still a threat , but Rangers ' journey to Marseille in April appears to be the key to who meets AC Milan -- and surely it must be the Italians -- in the final . 
` I must warn you that any mention of Clare agitates your grandmother . 
Mention of ` different levels of technology " , ` different social values " and ` economic surpluses available " serves to demonstrate some of the aspects which must be evaluated in any consideration of settlement siting . 
Rikky : ` I think hedonism 's the one thing bands should be preaching , if they must ` preach " anything at all . " 
A recent pronouncement by a former Education Minister serves to remind us of the kind of thinking we must guard against . 
Entrepreneur Development Minister Datuk Mustapa Mohamed said today while the consortium 's proposal was accepted in principal , they would have to review the fare structure .
He proposes that the production of consciousness must be seen in terms of two relationships that Marx analyses independently . 
" We reaffirm that decisions must be taken as closely as possible to the citizen . 
My Grandfather must have recounted to his children his own role in some of the exciting events of the Magdala campaign , when a British army set out to rescue their Consul imprisoned by the Emperor Theodore . 
It must have been heartbreaking for people who had been through sensational experiences to have to recount them to politely tepid audiences and to discover that their stories conformed to an orthodox pattern . 
They must have recalled the prophetic remarks in 1829 of the Nez Perce elder Speckled Snake : ` I have listened to many talks from the great father . 
I must admit to being somewhat taken aback by a remark in John Stewart 's letter about Gaelic ` being almost completely unrelated to any of the main European languages " ( Points of View , today ) . 
Secondly , the Commissioner must make an annual report to the Prime Minister about his or her activities in the year in question . 
If accounting reports are to be useful , therefore , we must define the users of those reports and the uses to which they put them . 
He must have wanted to know what triumphs she had to report . 
It must be said that this technique for measuring capacitance is not particularly new . 
` We must get back , " said Dorcas firmly . 
To qualify for grants , [ local law enforcement ] must have organizations in their locale that are threats , '' he said . ``
The U.N. health agency says suspected cases of the Ebola-like Marburg virus in Angola must be detected and isolated sooner if the disease is to be brought under control .
A final statement yesterday said : `` While some advances are being made in nations throughout the hemisphere , the state of press freedom in the Americas still must be regarded as grim as long as journalists and their families are subject to the crudest form of censorship : death by assassination . ''
Well , as he says , we must each try our own way and see what comes of it .
This is reflected in the rule that statements by the accused to be admissible must have been made voluntarily. 
His lack of family feeling and unquestioning assumption that it must always be sacrificed to necessities of State emerge clearly from his political testaments of 1752 and 1768, the most revealing of all statements of his basic ideas . 
Earlier statements that Japan must surrender all colonial possessions were reiterated but the precise fate of Korea was not clarified: Korea was to become independent at a future date but what would happen in the interim period remained to be decided. 
A final statement yesterday said : `` While some advances are being made in nations throughout the hemisphere , the state of press freedom in the Americas still must be regarded as grim as long as journalists and their families are subject to the crudest form of censorship : death by assassination . ''
If men must naturally write only of men , and women only of women , then feminism and femininity become the only natural subjects for women writers and reporters .
Andersons 's insistence that the notion of social class must be defined in structural terms can be traced to an over-riding commitment to holism . 
To anyone with the requisite classical training … this must be a delightful Easter holiday … shared with kindred spirits . ’ 
This was a very comforting thing , although I must admit that I heard of no cases occurring in the period that I was in Mespot . 
Those trapped in the crush at Hillsborough who were fortunate enough to escape without injury have no claim in respect of the distress they suffered in what must have been a truly terrifying experience . 
It is not so much the Western origin of new component technologies as their gestation in the West 's civilian sectors which must pose the most vexing questions for Soviet policy makers and their orthodoxies . 
That must be rather upsetting . 
` You must understand that my husband 's death has been most upsetting , " she said in a quiet , tuneful voice . 
I 'll admit it must be thrilling , but like most thrilling sports the downside is a lot of standing around . 
It must be one of the most thrilling experiences possible to get into one of those tombs of the Kings though frightening m a way . " 
For those who thought BMW 's master plan was to make one car in three different sizes , the new 3-series must be a perplexing product . 
The transformation of David ( David Naughton ) from nice New York Jewish boy to very scary werewolf is an outstanding achievement , with elaborate props and each stage exactly plotted and , despite a team of 30 stuntpersons , Naughton must have acted quite a lot of this himself . 
It must surely be much more pleasant and by no means as painful to work with friendly and docile ferrets . 
Visitors to Yordas Cave who have left their cars parked at or near Masongill must retrace their steps along the Turbary Road , a walk equally enjoyable when done in reverse . 
We met her , too , as the patron goddess of the birds ' nest gatherers of southern Java , who pursue what must be one of the world 's most hair-raising professions . 
Isabelle must have left a legacy of frightening bitterness behind her in this place in order to set off a reaction like that . 
This must have been irksome for them , but Mrs Webster accepted it as her war work with good grace . 
I must say I find it very irritating . 
It must be irritating for ministers , used to almost unbridled power at Westminster , to be faced by hostile local bodies who can also claim to have a democratic mandate . 
But if your repertoire includes standards like Wo n't Get Fooled Again , Substitute , and My Generation , it must be galling to be made to justify your desire to go out and play them . 
The coverage given to Mr Allen 's remarks must have been particularly galling to Mr Giuliani 's backers in the Republican party who have been unable to make crime an issue in the race . 
It must be galling to be reduced to wearing denim instead of silk . " 
Not only must she cope with Cherie 's distressing withdrawal symptoms , she also needs eyes in the back of her head to curb a two-year-old 's natural mischief . 
He must have found it very tiresome , although I did sing in tune , and I 'm afraid went through several verses . 
But it must be tiresome for him to have you constantly tagging at his heels all the time . " 
So we must warn that percussion can easily be overworked and become tiresome . 
Whoever needed to know his identity must have some pretty strong reason and quite astonishing contacts if officials from the East were doing the dirty work . 
For one thing it gives me the opportunity to write to you , and also I must have time to draw breath and come to terms with this astounding piece of good fortune that has befallen me . 
It must have been the most bewildering social change since the Enclosures , and yet I can find no reference to it in the village School Log . 
Richard was engaged on what must often have appeared to him to be a bewildering balancing act . 
So , despite the cooling of inflamed passions , despite the calming passage of time , Rushdie must still live his strangest of lives . 
One of the most charming portraits in the gallery must be that by K. of Marie Maximiliýn of Sternberg in pastoral costume . 
Rethymnon has easy access to the south , east and west of Crete and , with so many charming towns and villages within easy reach , exploration is a must . 
And it must help pupils to come to their own commitments as they live their lives in a world of confusing , diverse and often conflicting values and beliefs . 
Beset by illness -- with Gooch himself the most damaging victim of the last few weeks -- and bemused by Indian spin , England must pull themselves together if a bitterly disappointing tour is not to become a total disaster . 
But , nevertheless , I must say that I find your orders rather disconcerting . " 
` How exciting it must be to have a famous mother . " 
Motorists , denied this exhilarating walk , must return to Dent on wheels , reaching the village a mile from the junction at the foot of Deepdale . 
You must develop a series of ever more suspenseful situations and , though her hero or heroine must eventually " be all right " , the final denouement must not be a let-down . 
During a comical lesson on how to catch her man , Little Cog is told she must weep not buckets but spoons . 
The puffin must be one of the most unusual of all British sea birds and there is something very comical about the way it moves and looks . 
The solution must have looked quite funny to an onlooker . 
` You must live in a funny world , " he said . 
It must be realized that many people are less excited about going to work in the dark rather than the light -- a dull start to the day . 
Llanover Hall in Cardiff was as packed as most venues the company play and the enthusiastic applause must become almost tedious to the team . 
I 've been waiting all this time for a baby , but I must admit the carrying of it is more tiring than I 'd expected . " 
Care must be taken to introduce video tape technique gradually , as the experience can be traumatic for most people in the first instance . 
This issue must not be overlooked , but it should be pursued gently since self-destructive behaviour may result from the arousal of traumatic memories . 
They need to struggle with the thorny issue of whose interests come first , and they must be ready to let go of some aspirations and commitments if they are to enjoy what they decide to do . 
For a start it 's got a village atmosphere which I must say we find rather agreeable . 
It must have been distasteful for a man whose principles were always of the very highest . 
It is a distasteful subject but it must be faced for a few moments . 
First , it means that there must be some form of cost/benefit analysis , however distasteful it is to assign money values to life or ill-health . 
And he must have known that she found his touch distasteful , yet did that stop him ? 
The critic must not be niggardly with his advice nor restrain himself so politely that he is unjust .
We must be tolerant of others who do not have our gifts or drive as each of us can only perform to the extent of our own personal capacity . 
You must convince , persuade , and hopefully guide the media to reflect your client 's point of view . 
I must , however , give you kudos for being the first writer I 've ever seen limn Beck 's Godley Creme influence .
A pupil who is , for example , studying chemistry , must be encouraged to learn more than certain concepts and procedures . 
Equally , technicians must be encouraged to report sharps injuries , and be given follow up and support when necessary . 
Before the offer document is published , it must be submitted to the supervisory authority and the management of the target company .
The airlines insist the pilots must submit their claim to the regulated wage-fixing system , under whose guidelines most pay rises are now limited to 6 per cent .
` We have to submit our plans for a national scheme to the EC Commission by July 1994 and it must be operational by January 1995 .
The plaintiff must file in the court office a request for the issue of a summons .
The applicant must file form CHA 58 , together with the certificate of refusal .
The notice of appeal must be filed within four weeks of the date on which the judgment was entered .
All members commanders as well as subordinates must obey these rules .
It must be completely thawed if frozen , rinsed in cold water and dried . 
Support the Report and let's see if we can succeed in what must be the greatest enterprise in the trade union Movement since the nineteen twenties .
It must be awful , they argue , if the president 's lawyers have succeeded in feeding a dubious and duplicitous defense to the Senate , the public , and the press .
I think that Hamas is ready to join the political process , however , if the only price for the political price is you must fight Hamas , if that 's what they are requiring Abu Mazen to do , they are almost mandating that he will fail .
To seize it he must not let Mr Kaifu get all the credit if the trade talks succeed .
For a unified incident management system to succeed , each participant must have command and control of its own units and adequate internal communications .
Here , after all , was a program ( Aid to Families with Dependent Children ) that , judged by current lights , must be rated one of the most successful social experiments of all time .
For elements where a level of achievement other than fully successful has been assigned , the rating official must describe the executive 's achievements on additional pages .
The method , Fischetti reports , is already successful in mice ; clinical trials will determine how long treatment must be continued , perhaps a week or so .
More difficult is conveying that injections must be self-administered and must not be missed . 
The scientific journalist 's attitude must be adopted from that of creative workers and he must attempt to convey what these workers think and do . 
The barrister reacted to a situation created by the judge ; he felt that he must try to convey at once to the jury that his client was not being obstructive or reticent about disclosing a statement . 
For the present , it must suffice simply to note the importance which Anselm attached to local rights . 
Where the danger is not obvious , then the warning must indicate its nature in sufficient detail for the visitor to take reasonable care for his own safety . 
Is it sufficient that he perceives a suspicion of bias , or must he perceive the higher hurdle of likelihood ? 
First , the structure of the building must be adequate in space and design to fulfil the needs of the department . 
Width must be adequate for the flow and where foot traffic is heavy , conflict should be resolved by vehicles being deflected over or under the level walking route . 
Again , an adequate appreciation of people 's understandings and political alignments must surely be rooted in the whole of their experience and not just that of the workplace . 
God must have sent good kids on the premise that my maternal inadequacies would ensure their return within the fortnight , had he sent anything too difficult . 
For the planners ' part , they know that they must come up with good results to make up for the inadequacies of the previous strategies . 
The sensitive , the unsure , the non-aggressive boy reader must often feel inadequate when faced with the ` ideal boy " of stories . 
But we must also recognise that the assessment which British Rail has carried out is deeply inadequate . 
He is treasured here , an unexpected , living artifact whose presence spices up the museum 's displays of musty uniforms , photos and a kamikaze 's shredded airplane frame dredged from the sea .
Rewirable circuit fuses are rated at 5 , 15 or 30 amp , and must be rewired with fuse wire of the correct size for the circuit .
Those facing TITO forces must surrender to TITO . "
To return to Plutarch 's account , we must still explain why Kimon 's opponents waited , as they evidently did , till the cat was away .
Jarbas Passarinho , the federal justice minister and an outspoken opponent of the park , must now agree a budget for the next stage of Operation Free Jungle .
The whole action must take no more than five seconds .
Now Finnegan , who has two teenage sons , has been told he must leave his home in Middleton St George and pay outstanding rent arrears . 
You must tell me . 
Doctors should be advised , they must inform patients about side effects and dangers . 
I must inform you that you will never be allowed to enter this house again , and that if you do n't leave within three minutes , you will be thrown out . " 
` The police must be informed , " said Jack . 
The head teacher must also inform the parents ( or pupil , if aged 18-plus ) of their right to make representations about the exclusion to the LEA and/or governors . 
` And now I 've confided my murky past , that must make us more than acquaintances . " 
The employer must notify the substantiated grounds for the dismissal in writing . 
In the event of loss of money and/or travellers cheques and also in the event of loss of jewellery or personal effects through burglary or theft you must notify the police within 24 hours of discovery . 
If you intend to discontinue storage you must notify your intention in writing to this office , in accordance with the conditions of your existing licence , in order that the necessary safety measures may be seen to . 
The Commission must copy a notification to the relevant authorities in the member states and provided that it is complete , immediately publish brief details of it in the Official Journal . 
As with all advice to clients , written notification must follow the spoken word . 
Notice of Appeal must be submitted to the Secretary of the Disciplinary Committee by the Appellant within 28 days of receipt of the written notification of the decision of the Disciplinary Committee . 
Flowing water , evident from younger sediments of three billion years ago , shows that the temperature must have been above freezing , indicating the Sun was not as cool as some scientists suggest .
I must wash myself with warm water and soap ; find a sharp scissors and put it in boiling water for fifteen minutes ; get clean sheets to lie on ; sip liquids ; and relax .
The prime minister known as Abu Mazen must now contend with the rejection of side by side Palestinian and Israeli states .
At present doctors must prove at regular intervals that such patients are still a danger to society .
At present if either the applicant or the council ( though not objectors ) insist , a public inquiry must be held .
From the outset of a transformational-change effort , information must flow freely between and among the different parts of the organization .
Nevertheless , the nature and extent of T and A approvals must be such that management has assurance that supervisors or other officials know they are accountable for the approvals of an employee 's work time and absences .
The statutory form that a responsible medical officer must complete to extend detention ( whether or not the patient is on leave of absence at the time ) refers unambiguously to the need for treatment in hospital .
It struck me that this place must be fairly normal as lodging houses go , for on the whole the lodgers did not complain .
The aged , respectable leather-bound tomes of the Gould family library look down upon the nasty tale I have to tell with musty distaste . 
` They commissioned me to write my autobiography -- oh , it must be eighteen months ago . 
One must be prepared to contemplate biblical material as dispassionately as one might contemplate chronicles pertaining to Caesar , or Alexander — or Cortés . 
` You must be reading too many of those French novelettes . 
A haunted theatre is the setting for this exciting and atmospheric thriller from the author of ` Night Must Fall " . 
Sometimes they become so detailed that there is a handbook of practices and procedures that lays down what must be done under all circumstances . 
I do not plan to write a book : this narrative must move more quickly .
I must admit , however , that I was somewhat surprised when , some five days after the crime , I opened my morning paper to find in large letters :
` They commissioned me to write my autobiography -- oh , it must be eighteen months ago . 
Considering the circulation of The New York Times on Sundays , his column is probably the most widely read commentary on contemporary English in the world ; that places more than one uncommon burden on a writer : he must do his utmost to be accurate ; he must try to select subjects likely to be of interest to his readers ; and he must write well .
The child must type the sentence with the words in the correct order , and is rewarded for the right answer by the picture coming to life -- John jumps on his bike and cycles to school . 
Then there is the pain , like another form of death , of seeing your world chronicled by people too young to have lived in it , with the inevitable distortions this must entail . 
` Does that mean that every jogger must be a handbag snatcher , as well ? " 
You must keep your Card safely and take all possible care to avoid its loss or theft . 
He must have embezzled thousands of pounds over the years . " 
Before a skyscraper can be built , a feng shui ( see page 68 ) investigation must take place to ensure that the site and the building will promote health , harmony , and prosperity .
I must admit , however , that I was somewhat surprised when , some five days after the crime , I opened my morning paper to find in large letters :
Before a skyscraper can be built , a feng shui ( see page 68 ) investigation must take place to ensure that the site and the building will promote health , harmony , and prosperity .
From what we have proposed as speakers ' topics in conversational discourse , it must occasionally happen that there are at least two versions of ` What I think we 're talking about " which are potentially incompatible . 
The most important principle involved in this selection of Venneman 's discourse subjects must have to do with their relevance to the particular discourse fragment under consideration . 
Whatever breakdown is chosen , the course content must address all the ensuing topics . 
Your data must be woven into a logical , coherent case that combines to communicate your main theme and subsidiary points . 
It must also refer to the depth of thought behind the design whether the subject deals with a bold tale or a subtle philosophical , psychological or even theological theme . 
Himeji 's magnificent castle is unquestionably one of the region 's `` must-do '' sights .
Recent business projections for Las Vegas predict challenges ; tourism revenues must increase substantially to sustain what is already built , while actual figures show visitation as steady or declining .
Warning : Mercury is very toxic and the switch must not be cut open in any circumstances .
His mother says : ` Why , oh why , must they put these poisonous berries in colours so tempting to children ?
In order to effect transfer of vessels at either level , the two tanks must not travel on the same plane .
In the case of a transfer of registered land the plan is rarely drawn on it and must be signed by the buyer or by the buyer 's conveyancer .
The latter requirement necessitates showing that the person who first removed the property from the ` common store " was entitled to do so ; it must then be demonstrated that subsequent transfers have been consensual .
To measure faster motion , the demon must measure positions at two time moments or some other feature , such as the recoil of the box 's walls from the momentum transferred by the hotter versus cooler gas particles in the left and right boxes as they bounce o the wall .
Should we not include people who regularly travel through the area by car , who must have an opinion about the difference it has made to their journey ? 
Astronomers may travel into the depths of space and time , but on their return they must still convince their colleagues of the truth of what they saw . 
John , who travels abroad often , is at home in Boston and receives a call that he must immediately go to Paris .
John , who travels abroad often , is at home in Boston and receives a call that he must immediately go to Paris .
` I suppose I must have got confused. " -- The 84-year-old holidaymaker who journeyed 70 miles home forgetting he 'd left his wife in their broken-down car . 
And it was then she had decided that war work or not , her daughter 's excursions with convalescent wounded must stop at once . 
A pilgrimage to Salisbury can be as must a quest for Mrs Proudie as for that God to whom she was so imperious . 
Stamford must have been one of the religious and academic Meccas of ancient Albion , situated close to Troy , and a place of international pilgrimage for both mystics and scholars . 
A pilgrimage to Salisbury can be as must a quest for Mrs Proudie as for that God to whom she was so imperious . 
Touring on the Riviera was a must for the well-to-do of the 1920s and '30s . 
He must have worn those jeans on countless beaches and fishing trips . 
Personalities vary , but typically he will be guided as much by intuition and personal judgment as by precept or regulation as he surveys the political landscape he must traverse before reaching his destination . 
I believe he must have waited among the gorse bushes through which the path winds and struck him down as he passed .
PERUGIA , Italy ( AP ) --- Giulio Andreotti was questioned Thursday for three hours by a judge who must decide whether the former premier should be tried for the murder of a journalist .
I loved Tom McMahon too -- you must n't be thinking I did n't , that I cheated him , but it was a different sort of love . 
It must be noted that Dr . Bruno Schiefer , the Canadian toxicologist approached by Iran , was doubtful that Iran would use the strains for illicit BW purposes .
A final statement yesterday said : `` While some advances are being made in nations throughout the hemisphere , the state of press freedom in the Americas still must be regarded as grim as long as journalists and their families are subject to the crudest form of censorship : death by assassination . ''
It is in that context that Mies ' curious combination of ordered simplicity and sybaritic luxury must be understood .
It stated , rather that homosexuality was merely a difference in the opinion and values of the common person , but must still be respected as an individual orientation , and thus treated as one ( Resolution on Appropriate Therapeutic Responses to Sexual Orientation ) .
Although information on WMD programs for many countries is often limited , when it comes to assessing Iran 's alleged CW program , one must sift through a mountain of information , much of which is long on allegation and short on specific , corroborated evidence .
I must have looked embarrassed when she handed it over because they both turned their backs while I slipped my old dress off and slipped the new one on .
` Alex Household must have said it just before he shot the gun ; Micky heard it over the deaf-aid and just repeated it . " 
His lamp had gone out and while he was relighting it , our car must have passed and he fired his rifle vaguely in our direction . 
The spokesman added : ` The weapon was being discharged , but he must have noticed what was going on because he rang up saying who he was and apologised . 
We must ensure that the new system will not be used as a political tool .
To build a sophisticated software editor for a visual language and , especially , to design the language to support computer archiving and analysis , one must , however , establish deeper foundations for creating , organizing and using graphic elements .
This may reflect the fact that TNF-α therapies for IBD are aimed at efficiently clearing TNF-α , while IL -10 therapies must increase IL-10 and recombinant IL-10 is likely too rapidly cleared from the circulation after in vivo administration to provide a uniform protection [ 55 ] . On the other hand , IL -10 gene transfer technology has been used with some success in models of colitis , however its effectiveness is also variable .
Then , too , one must examine the techniques used to group the many languages of the world .
It must be noted that Dr . Bruno Schiefer , the Canadian toxicologist approached by Iran , was doubtful that Iran would use the strains for illicit BW purposes .
Translator : The armed Intifada must end and we must use and resort to peaceful means in our quest to end the occupation and the suffering of the Palestinians , and the Israelis , and to establish the Palestinian state .
As a woman 's sexuality must be controlled by the male authority who should then utilize it solely for his own benefit , in their natal home women are not sexually active .
Rather conflict must be controlled and must be utilized profitably in order to create more and better cultural means of living and working together " ( 1967 : xi ) .
Non - overlapping endpoints Although the benefits associated with each individual health endpoint may be analyzed separately , care must be exercised in selecting health endpoints to include in the overall benefits analysis because of the possibility of double counting of benefits .
If receiving water is used as dilution water , caution must be exercised in exposing the test organisms to it , because of the possibility that it might be toxic .
She knew the bus from Linby to Coton must be just about due . 
Mr Justice Stable told a jury that the words ` to deprave and corrupt " must not be construed as ` to shock and disgust " , which is not a criminal offence , the argument Lord Gardiner had deployed in gaining an acquittal in the Lady Chatterley case . 
` You must abide by the verdict of the court , for you perforce come within human jurisdiction . 
Special damages must be calculated to date and verified by exhibiting vouchers ( eg employers ' letters ) .
If the item is beyond economical repair , the Policyholder must provide written confirmation of this from a repairer/dealer .
Inspector Baynes , considering that such a visit must have some purpose in view and was likely , therefore , to be repeated , abandoned the house but left an ambuscade in the shrubbery .
When they heard it the sepoys threw back their heads and uttered a howl so piercing , so harrowing that every window in the Residency must have dissolved if they had not been already broken . 
One must avoid glib speculations about connections between the past and the present , or between disguised feelings and behaviour . 
He must have assumed that I meant trouble from the twins , for he suddenly became surprisingly loquacious . 
The barrister reacted to a situation created by the judge ; he felt that he must try to convey at once to the jury that his client was not being obstructive or reticent about disclosing a statement . 
I believe he must have waited among the gorse bushes through which the path winds and struck him down as he passed .
A disclaimer in the introduction warns that there are few biographical entries on contemporary performers because " most must await the judgment of history upon completion of their performing careers .
Vaclav Havel , the Czech president who was jailed as a dissident during the Communist days , warned in a speech to summit participants that NATO and Russia must not set up an exclusive club of powerful northerners .
In a formal statement from the White House East Room , President Obama warned that the U. N. resolution passed Thursday meant that the attacks must stop .
Tuesday 's fighting erupted about 11 hours after Musharraf issued his warning to tribal leaders that they must cooperate and hand over wanted suspects to authorities .
Israel coupled the raids with a warning to Palestinian Authority Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas that he must crack down decisively on Palestinian militant organizations or a U. S. -backed peace plan would fall apart .
` On no account must the impression be created , above all in the United States , that Germany is wavering between East and West " .
He guessed that , if anything , he must look like an under-steward employed in a moderately well-off family . 
He realised how odd he must look , sitting up in bed , silver bristling his cheeks , coffee mug in one hand , long-barrelled pistol in the other . 
They must have been close to the same age , but Sandra looked very young , like a petulant child wearing the costume of a grown woman . 
Fishermen must wear hairnets and fishing vessels must carry condoms . 
But he must have been ; that was why he was shirtless . 
This must be a taste of how it was to be a Marine in armour , whose servo-suit responded to the motions of his body , magnifying these …
It must have been killed in an avalanche or died in a blizzard earlier in the winter . 
To connect into an existing stack a hole must be drilled ( not within 200 mm of the WC connection ) .
But these are not precise antonyms , and it must be borne in mind that the purpose of the use of the word is to stigmatise certain types of behaviour as criminal . 
So our work must continue .
How was she to bear the change ?-- It was true that her friend was going only half a mile from them ; but Emma was aware that great must be the difference between a Mrs . Weston , only half a mile from them , and a Miss Taylor in the house ; and with all her advantages , natural and domestic , she was now in great danger of suffering from intellectual solitude .
Her sister , though comparatively but little removed by matrimony , being settled in London , only sixteen miles off , was much beyond her daily reach ; and many a long October and November evening must be struggled through at Hartfield , before Christmas brought the next visit from Isabella and her husband , and their little children , to fill the house , and give her pleasant society again .
_We_ must begin ; we must go and pay wedding visit very soon ."
We must go in the carriage , to be sure ."
I am afraid you must have had a shocking walk ."
It is a beautiful moonlight night ; and so mild that I must draw back from your great fire ."
" But you must have found it very damp and dirty .
Being pretty well aware of what sort of joy you must both be feeling , I have been in no hurry with my congratulations ; but I hope it all went off tolerably well .
I have a great regard for you and Emma ; but when it comes to the question of dependence or independence !-- At any rate , it must be better to have only one to please than two ."
The chances are that she must be a gainer ."
" We should not like her so well as we do , sir , if we could suppose it ; but she knows how much the marriage is to Miss Taylor ' s advantage ; she knows how very acceptable it must be , at Miss Taylor ' s time of life , to be settled in a home of her own , and how important to her to be secure of a comfortable provision , and therefore cannot allow herself to feel so much pain as pleasure .
Every friend of Miss Taylor must be glad to have her so happily married ."
" I promise you to make none for myself , papa ; but I must , indeed , for other people .
I think you must know Hartfield enough to comprehend that ."
You like Mr . Elton , papa ,-- I must look about for a wife for him .
He had never been an unhappy man ; his own temper had secured him from that , even in his first marriage ; but his second must shew him how delightful a well - judging and truly amiable woman could be , and must give him the pleasantest proof of its being a great deal better to choose than to be chosen , to excite gratitude than to feel it .
She knew that at times she must be missed ; and could not think , without pain , of Emma ' s losing a single pleasure , or suffering an hour ' s ennui , from the want of her companionableness : but dear Emma was of no feeble character ; she was more equal to her situation than most girls would have been , and had sense , and energy , and spirits that might be hoped would bear her well and happily through its little difficulties and privations .
She was not struck by any thing remarkably clever in Miss Smith ' s conversation , but she found her altogether very engaging -- not inconveniently shy , not unwilling to talk -- and yet so far from pushing , shewing so proper and becoming a deference , seeming so pleasantly grateful for being admitted to Hartfield , and so artlessly impressed by the appearance of every thing in so superior a style to what she had been used to , that she must have good sense , and deserve encouragement .
The friends from whom she had just parted , though very good sort of people , must be doing her harm .
They were a family of the name of Martin , whom Emma well knew by character , as renting a large farm of Mr . Knightley , and residing in the parish of Donwell -- very creditably , she believed -- she knew Mr . Knightley thought highly of them -- but they must be coarse and unpolished , and very unfit to be the intimates of a girl who wanted only a little more knowledge and elegance to be quite perfect .
Her early attachment to herself was very amiable ; and her inclination for good company , and power of appreciating what was elegant and clever , shewed that there was no want of taste , though strength of understanding must not be expected .
Mrs . Goddard , and the teachers , and the girls and the affairs of the school in general , formed naturally a great part of the conversation -- and but for her acquaintance with the Martins of Abbey - Mill Farm , it must have been the whole .
There can be no doubt of your being a gentleman ' s daughter , and you must support your claim to that station by every thing within your own power , or there will be plenty of people who would take pleasure in degrading you ."
His appearance was very neat , and he looked like a sensible young man , but his person had no other advantage ; and when he came to be contrasted with gentlemen , she thought he must lose all the ground he had gained in Harriet ' s inclination .
They remained but a few minutes together , as Miss Woodhouse must not be kept waiting ; and Harriet then came running to her with a smiling face , and in a flutter of spirits , which Miss Woodhouse hoped very soon to compose .
" I think , Harriet , since your acquaintance with us , you have been repeatedly in the company of some such very real gentlemen , that you must yourself be struck with the difference in Mr . Martin .
I am sure you must have been struck by his awkward look and abrupt manner , and the uncouthness of a voice which I heard to be wholly unmodulated as I stood here ."
You must see the difference ."
Mr . Weston must be between forty and fifty ."
If he means any thing , it must be to please you .
She feared it was what every body else must think of and predict .
Emma must do Harriet good : and by supplying her with a new object of interest , Harriet may be said to do Emma good .
" Perhaps you think I am come on purpose to quarrel with you , knowing Weston to be out , and that you must still fight your own battle ."
" But I ," he soon added , " who have had no such charm thrown over my senses , must still see , hear , and remember .
She inherits her mother ' s talents , and must have been under subjection to her ."
A likeness pleases every body ; and Miss Woodhouse ' s performances must be capital .
But as she wanted to be drawing , the declaration must wait a little longer .
She must allow him to be still frequently coming to look ; any thing less would certainly have been too little in a lover ; and he was ready at the smallest intermission of the pencil , to jump up and see the progress , and be charmed .-- There was no being displeased with such an encourager , for his admiration made him discern a likeness almost before it was possible .
We must allow for the effect of shade , you know ."
Consider , she is sitting down -- which naturally presents a different -- which in short gives exactly the idea -- and the proportions must be preserved , you know .
The only thing I do not thoroughly like is , that she seems to be sitting out of doors , with only a little shawl over her shoulders -- and it makes one think she must catch cold ."
" You , sir , may say any thing ," cried Mr . Elton , " but I must confess that I regard it as a most happy thought , the placing of Miss Smith out of doors ; and the tree is touched with such inimitable spirit !
It must be done directly ; it must be done in London ; the order must go through the hands of some intelligent person whose taste could be depended on ; and Isabella , the usual doer of all commissions , must not be applied to , because it was December , and Mr . Woodhouse could not bear the idea of her stirring out of her house in the fogs of December .
" Yes , indeed , a very good letter ," replied Emma rather slowly --" so good a letter , Harriet , that every thing considered , I think one of his sisters must have helped him .
You must answer it of course -- and speedily ."
Your meaning must be unequivocal ; no doubts or demurs : and such expressions of gratitude and concern for the pain you are inflicting as propriety requires , will present themselves unbidden to _your_ mind , I am persuaded .
This is a point which you must settle with your feelings ."
You must be the best judge of your own happiness .
" Miss Woodhouse , as you will not give me your opinion , I must do as well as I can by myself ; and I have now quite determined , and really almost made up my mind -- to refuse Mr . Martin .
It would have grieved me to lose your acquaintance , which must have been the consequence of your marrying Mr . Martin .
" Indeed , Harriet , it would have been a severe pang to lose you ; but it must have been .
I must have given you up ."
He must have a pretty good opinion of himself ."
" I do not think he is conceited either , in general ," said Harriet , her conscience opposing such censure ; " at least , he is very good natured , and I shall always feel much obliged to him , and have a great regard for -- but that is quite a different thing from -- and you know , though he may like me , it does not follow that I should -- and certainly I must confess that since my visiting here I have seen people -- and if one comes to compare them , person and manners , there is no comparison at all , _one_ is so very handsome and agreeable .
" I do not pretend to fix on times or places , but I must tell you that I have good reason to believe your little friend will soon hear of something to her advantage ."
I must think your statement by no means fair .
Waiving that point , however , and supposing her to be , as you describe her , only pretty and good - natured , let me tell you , that in the degree she possesses them , they are not trivial recommendations to the world in general , for she is , in fact , a beautiful girl , and must be thought so by ninety - nine people out of an hundred ; and till it appears that men are much more philosophic on the subject of beauty than they are generally supposed ; till they do fall in love with well - informed minds instead of handsome faces , a girl , with such loveliness as Harriet , has a certainty of being admired and sought after , of having the power of chusing from among many , consequently a claim to be nice .
But as to my _letting_ her marry Robert Martin , it is impossible ; she has refused him , and so decidedly , I think , as must prevent any second application .
She must abide by the evil of having refused him , whatever it may be ; and as to the refusal itself , I will not pretend to say that I might not influence her a little ; but I assure you there was very little for me or for any body to do .
He was the brother of her friends , and he took pains to please her ; and altogether , having seen nobody better ( that must have been his great assistant ) she might not , while she was at Abbey - Mill , find him disagreeable .
He had frightened her a little about Mr . Elton ; but when she considered that Mr . Knightley could not have observed him as she had done , neither with the interest , nor ( she must be allowed to tell herself , in spite of Mr . Knightley ' s pretensions ) with the skill of such an observer on such a question as herself , that he had spoken it hastily and in anger , she was able to believe , that he had rather said what he wished resentfully to be true , than what he knew any thing about .
Mr . Perry could not quite understand him , but he was very sure there must be a _lady_ in the case , and he told him so ; and Mr . Elton only looked very conscious and smiling , and rode off in great spirits .
He called for a few moments , just to leave a piece of paper on the table containing , as he said , a charade , which a friend of his had addressed to a young lady , the object of his admiration , but which , from his manner , Emma was immediately convinced must be his own .
A man must be very much in love , indeed , to describe her so .
Things must come to a crisis soon now .
It must be very clever , or he would not have brought it .
I thought it must be so .
" Whatever you say is always right ," cried Harriet , " and therefore I suppose , and believe , and hope it must be so ; but otherwise I could not have imagined it .
" This is an alliance which , whoever -- whatever your friends may be , must be agreeable to them , provided at least they have common sense ; and we are not to be addressing our conduct to fools .
If they are anxious to see you _happily_ married , here is a man whose amiable character gives every assurance of it ;-- if they wish to have you settled in the same country and circle which they have chosen to place you in , here it will be accomplished ; and if their only object is that you should , in the common phrase , be _well_ married , here is the comfortable fortune , the respectable establishment , the rise in the world which must satisfy them ."
" It is one thing ," said she , presently -- her cheeks in a glow --" to have very good sense in a common way , like every body else , and if there is any thing to say , to sit down and write a letter , and say just what you must , in a short way ; and another , to write verses and charades like this ."
Miss Woodhouse , what a pity that I must not write this beautiful charade into my book !
A poet in love must be encouraged in both capacities , or neither .
He has the tenderest spirit of gallantry towards us all !-- You must let me read it to him ."
" My dear Harriet , you must not refine too much upon this charade .-- You will betray your feelings improperly , if you are too conscious and too quick , and appear to affix more meaning , or even quite all the meaning which may be affixed to it .
" We must ask Mr . and Mrs . Weston to dine with us , while Isabella is here ."
Mr . John Knightley must be in town again on the 28th , and we ought to be thankful , papa , that we are to have the whole of the time they can give to the country , that two or three days are not to be taken out for the Abbey .
Unwelcome as it was , Mr . Woodhouse could only give a submissive sigh ; and as Emma saw his spirits affected by the idea of his daughter ' s attachment to her husband , she immediately led to such a branch of the subject as must raise them .
" Harriet must give us as much of her company as she can while my brother and sister are here .
If he were , every thing else must give way ; but otherwise his friend Cole had been saying so much about his dining with him -- had made such a point of it , that he had promised him conditionally to come .
" You must make my apologies to your friend ; but so good a charade must not be confined to one or two .
" My being charming , Harriet , is not quite enough to induce me to marry ; I must find other people charming -- one other person at least .
" I must see somebody very superior to any one I have seen yet , to be tempted ; Mr . Elton , you know , ( recollecting herself ,) is out of the question : and I do _not_ wish to see any such person .
If I were to marry , I must expect to repent it ."
A single woman , with a very narrow income , must be a ridiculous , disagreeable old maid !
That is , I know you must have seen her a hundred times -- but are you acquainted ?"
It must , if I were not here .
Mr . Elton , I must beg leave to stop at your house , and ask your housekeeper for a bit of ribband or string , or any thing just to keep my boot on ."
Still , however , though every thing had not been accomplished by her ingenious device , she could not but flatter herself that it had been the occasion of much present enjoyment to both , and must be leading them forward to the great event .
Mr . Elton must now be left to himself .
They might advance rapidly if they would , however ; they must advance somehow or other whether they would or no .
The extreme sweetness of her temper must hurt his .
" Oh yes , sir ," cried she with ready sympathy , " how you must miss her !
Every body must be aware that Miss Taylor must be missed , but every body ought also to be assured that Mr . and Mrs . Weston do really prevent our missing her by any means to the extent we ourselves anticipated -- which is the exact truth ."
I shall never forget his flying Henry ' s kite for him that very windy day last Easter -- and ever since his particular kindness last September twelvemonth in writing that note , at twelve o ' clock at night , on purpose to assure me that there was no scarlet fever at Cobham , I have been convinced there could not be a more feeling heart nor a better man in existence .-- If any body can deserve him , it must be Miss Taylor ."
Concession must be out of the question ; but it was time to appear to forget that they had ever quarrelled ; and she hoped it might rather assist the restoration of friendship , that when he came into the room she had one of the children with her -- the youngest , a nice little girl about eight months old , who was now making her first visit to Hartfield , and very happy to be danced about in her aunt ' s arms .
" To be sure -- our discordancies must always arise from my being in the wrong ."
As far as good intentions went , we were _both_ right , and I must say that no effects on my side of the argument have yet proved wrong .
And how tired you must be after your journey !
You must go to bed early , my dear -- and I recommend a little gruel to you before you go .-- You and I will have a nice basin of gruel together .
" Come , come ," cried Emma , feeling this to be an unsafe subject , " I must beg you not to talk of the sea .
Our part of London is very superior to most others !-- You must not confound us with London in general , my dear sir .
What happiness it must be to her good old grandmother and excellent aunt , when she comes to visit them !
" And , moreover , if you must go to the sea , it had better not have been to South End .
Mr . Weston would take no denial ; they must all dine at Randalls one day ;-- even Mr . Woodhouse was persuaded to think it a possible thing in preference to a division of the party .
Emma , who was not really at all frightened herself , tranquillised this excess of apprehension by assurances of Mrs . Goddard ' s experience and care ; but as there must still remain a degree of uneasiness which she could not wish to reason away , which she would rather feed and assist than not , she added soon afterwards -- as if quite another subject ,
" Well ," said she to herself , " this is most strange !-- After I had got him off so well , to chuse to go into company , and leave Harriet ill behind !-- Most strange indeed !-- But there is , I believe , in many men , especially single men , such an inclination -- such a passion for dining out -- a dinner engagement is so high in the class of their pleasures , their employments , their dignities , almost their duties , that any thing gives way to it -- and this must be the case with Mr . Elton ; a most valuable , amiable , pleasing young man undoubtedly , and very much in love with Harriet ; but still , he cannot refuse an invitation , he must dine out wherever he is asked .
" A man ," said he , " must have a very good opinion of himself when he asks people to leave their own fireside , and encounter such a day as this , for the sake of coming to see him .
He must think himself a most agreeable fellow ; I could not do such a thing .
Emma did not find herself equal to give the pleased assent , which no doubt he was in the habit of receiving , to emulate the " Very true , my love ," which must have been usually administered by his travelling companion ; but she had resolution enough to refrain from making any answer at all .
Mr . Elton was all obligation and cheerfulness ; he was so very cheerful in his civilities indeed , that she began to think he must have received a different account of Harriet from what had reached her .
Very much grieved and concerned -- I had flattered myself that she must be better after such a cordial as I knew had been given her in the morning ."
Well , sir , the time must come when you will be paid for all this , when you will have little labour and great enjoyment ."
Some change of countenance was necessary for each gentleman as they walked into Mrs . Weston ' s drawing - room ;-- Mr . Elton must compose his joyous looks , and Mr . John Knightley disperse his ill - humour .
Mr . Elton must smile less , and Mr . John Knightley more , to fit them for the place .-- Emma only might be as nature prompted , and shew herself just as happy as she was .
She could not but suppose it to be a match that every body who knew them must think of .
He has those to please who must be pleased , and who ( between ourselves ) are sometimes to be pleased only by a good many sacrifices .
and Mrs . Weston is so anxious to be acquainted with him , that she must be almost as happy as yourself ."
Emma liked the subject so well , that she began upon it , to Mrs . Weston , very soon after their moving into the drawing - room : wishing her joy -- yet observing , that she knew the first meeting must be rather alarming .-- Mrs . Weston agreed to it ; but added , that she should be very glad to be secure of undergoing the anxiety of a first meeting at the time talked of : " for I cannot depend upon his coming .
Then turning to Isabella , who had not been attending before --" You must know , my dear Mrs . Knightley , that we are by no means so sure of seeing Mr . Frank Churchill , in my opinion , as his father thinks .
To be constantly living with an ill - tempered person , must be dreadful .
It is what we happily have never known any thing of ; but it must be a life of misery .
The introduction must be unpleasant , whenever it takes place ; and the sooner it could be over , the better ."
" One ought to use the same caution , perhaps , in judging of the conduct of any one individual of any one family ; but Enscombe , I believe , certainly must not be judged by general rules : _she_ is so very unreasonable ; and every thing gives way to her ."
" My dearest Emma , do not pretend , with your sweet temper , to understand a bad one , or to lay down rules for it : you must let it go its own way .
" Did she know ?-- had she heard any thing about her , since their being at Randalls ?-- he felt much anxiety -- he must confess that the nature of her complaint alarmed him considerably ."
Emma saw Mrs . Weston ' s surprize , and felt that it must be great , at an address which , in words and manner , was assuming to himself the right of first interest in her ; and as for herself , she was too much provoked and offended to have the power of directly saying any thing to the purpose .
She could only give him a look ; but it was such a look as she thought must restore him to his senses , and then left the sofa , removing to a seat by her sister , and giving her all her attention .
Every body must have seen the snow coming on .
They must keep as much together as they could ;" and James was talked to , and given a charge to go very slow and wait for the other carriage .
To restrain him as much as might be , by her own manners , she was immediately preparing to speak with exquisite calmness and gravity of the weather and the night ; but scarcely had she begun , scarcely had they passed the sweep - gate and joined the other carriage , than she found her subject cut up -- her hand seized -- her attention demanded , and Mr . Elton actually making violent love to her : availing himself of the precious opportunity , declaring sentiments which must be already well known , hoping -- fearing -- adoring -- ready to die if she refused him ; but flattering himself that his ardent attachment and unequalled love and unexampled passion could not fail of having some effect , and in short , very much resolved on being seriously accepted as soon as possible .
She felt that half this folly must be drunkenness , and therefore could hope that it might belong only to the passing hour .
His manners , however , must have been unmarked , wavering , dubious , or she could not have been so misled .
The very want of such equality might prevent his perception of it ; but he must know that in fortune and consequence she was greatly his superior .
He must know that the Woodhouses had been settled for several generations at Hartfield , the younger branch of a very ancient family -- and that the Eltons were nobody .
The landed property of Hartfield certainly was inconsiderable , being but a sort of notch in the Donwell Abbey estate , to which all the rest of Highbury belonged ; but their fortune , from other sources , was such as to make them scarcely secondary to Donwell Abbey itself , in every other kind of consequence ; and the Woodhouses had long held a high place in the consideration of the neighbourhood which Mr . Elton had first entered not two years ago , to make his way as he could , without any alliances but in trade , or any thing to recommend him to notice but his situation and his civility .-- But he had fancied her in love with him ; that evidently must have been his dependence ; and after raving a little about the seeming incongruity of gentle manners and a conceited head , Emma was obliged in common honesty to stop and admit that her own behaviour to him had been so complaisant and obliging , so full of courtesy and attention , as ( supposing her real motive unperceived ) might warrant a man of ordinary observation and delicacy , like Mr . Elton , in fancying himself a very decided favourite .
She stopt to blush and laugh at her own relapse , and then resumed a more serious , more dispiriting cogitation upon what had been , and might be , and must be .
These days of confinement would have been , but for her private perplexities , remarkably comfortable , as such seclusion exactly suited her brother , whose feelings must always be of great importance to his companions ; and he had , besides , so thoroughly cleared off his ill - humour at Randalls , that his amiableness never failed him during the rest of his stay at Hartfield .
The weather soon improved enough for those to move who must move ; and Mr . Woodhouse having , as usual , tried to persuade his daughter to stay behind with all her children , was obliged to see the whole party set off , and return to his lamentations over the destiny of poor Isabella ;-- which poor Isabella , passing her life with those she doated on , full of their merits , blind to their faults , and always innocently busy , might have been a model of right feminine happiness .
Harriet bore the intelligence very well -- blaming nobody -- and in every thing testifying such an ingenuousness of disposition and lowly opinion of herself , as must appear with particular advantage at that moment to her friend .
Time , she knew , must be allowed for this being thoroughly done ; and she could suppose herself but an indifferent judge of such matters in general , and very inadequate to sympathise in an attachment to Mr . Elton in particular ; but it seemed to her reasonable that at Harriet ' s age , and with the entire extinction of all hope , such a progress might be made towards a state of composure by the time of Mr . Elton ' s return , as to allow them all to meet again in the common routine of acquaintance , without any danger of betraying sentiments or increasing them .
They must encounter each other , and make the best of it .
Harriet was farther unfortunate in the tone of her companions at Mrs . Goddard ' s ; Mr . Elton being the adoration of all the teachers and great girls in the school ; and it must be at Hartfield only that she could have any chance of hearing him spoken of with cooling moderation or repellent truth .
Where the wound had been given , there must the cure be found if anywhere ; and Emma felt that , till she saw her in the way of cure , there could be no true peace for herself .
A man who felt rightly would say at once , simply and resolutely , to Mrs . Churchill -- ` Every sacrifice of mere pleasure you will always find me ready to make to your convenience ; but I must go and see my father immediately .
They would feel that they could trust him ; that the nephew who had done rightly by his father , would do rightly by them ; for they know , as well as he does , as well as all the world must know , that he ought to pay this visit to his father ; and while meanly exerting their power to delay it , are in their hearts not thinking the better of him for submitting to their whims .
It is on her account that attention to Randalls is doubly due , and she must doubly feel the omission .
We must not be nice and ask for all the virtues into the bargain .
She could not think that Harriet ' s solace or her own sins required more ; and she was therefore industriously getting rid of the subject as they returned ;-- but it burst out again when she thought she had succeeded , and after speaking some time of what the poor must suffer in winter , and receiving no other answer than a very plaintive -- " Mr . Elton is so good to the poor !"
she found something else must be done .
Emma knew what was coming ; they must have the letter over again , and settle how long he had been gone , and how much he was engaged in company , and what a favourite he was wherever he went , and how full the Master of the Ceremonies ' ball had been ; and she went through it very well , with all the interest and all the commendation that could be requisite , and always putting forward to prevent Harriet ' s being obliged to say a word .
Whenever she is with us , Mrs . Cole does not know how to shew her kindness enough ; and I must say that Jane deserves it as much as any body can .
I was sure it could not be far off ; but I had put my huswife upon it , you see , without being aware , and so it was quite hid , but I had it in my hand so very lately that I was almost sure it must be on the table .
I was reading it to Mrs . Cole , and since she went away , I was reading it again to my mother , for it is such a pleasure to her -- a letter from Jane -- that she can never hear it often enough ; so I knew it could not be far off , and here it is , only just under my huswife -- and since you are so kind as to wish to hear what she says ;-- but , first of all , I really must , in justice to Jane , apologise for her writing so short a letter -- only two pages you see -- hardly two -- and in general she fills the whole paper and crosses half .
Jane often says , when she is here , ` I am sure , grandmama , you must have had very strong eyes to see as you do -- and so much fine work as you have done too !-- I only wish my eyes may last me as well .'"
" Indeed !-- that must be a very great pleasure ."
They had not intended to go over till the summer , but she is so impatient to see them again -- for till she married , last October , she was never away from them so much as a week , which must make it very strange to be in different kingdoms , I was going to say , but however different countries , and so she wrote a very urgent letter to her mother -- or her father , I declare I do not know which it was , but we shall see presently in Jane ' s letter -- wrote in Mr . Dixon ' s name as well as her own , to press their coming over directly , and they would give them the meeting in Dublin , and take them back to their country seat , Baly - craig , a beautiful place , I fancy .
" You must feel it very fortunate that Miss Fairfax should be allowed to come to you at such a time .
But Mrs . Dixon must be very much disappointed .
If it was not for the drawback of her illness -- but I am afraid we must expect to see her grown thin , and looking very poorly .
I must tell you what an unlucky thing happened to me , as to that .
" I am afraid we must be running away ," said Emma , glancing at Harriet , and beginning to rise --" My father will be expecting us .
Now , however , we must wish you and Mrs . Bates good morning ."
To provide for her otherwise was out of Colonel Campbell ' s power ; for though his income , by pay and appointments , was handsome , his fortune was moderate and must be all his daughter ' s ; but , by giving her an education , he hoped to be supplying the means of respectable subsistence hereafter .
As long as they lived , no exertions would be necessary , their home might be hers for ever ; and for their own comfort they would have retained her wholly ; but this would be selfishness :-- what must be at last , had better be soon .
Perhaps they began to feel it might have been kinder and wiser to have resisted the temptation of any delay , and spared her from a taste of such enjoyments of ease and leisure as must now be relinquished .
She had never been quite well since the time of their daughter ' s marriage ; and till she should have completely recovered her usual strength , they must forbid her engaging in duties , which , so far from being compatible with a weakened frame and varying spirits , seemed , under the most favourable circumstances , to require something more than human perfection of body and mind to be discharged with tolerable comfort .
Certain it was that she was to come ; and that Highbury , instead of welcoming that perfect novelty which had been so long promised it -- Mr . Frank Churchill -- must put up for the present with Jane Fairfax , who could bring only the freshness of a two years ' absence .
But " she could never get acquainted with her : she did not know how it was , but there was such coldness and reserve -- such apparent indifference whether she pleased or not -- and then , her aunt was such an eternal talker !-- and she was made such a fuss with by every body !-- and it had been always imagined that they were to be so intimate -- because their ages were the same , every body had supposed they must be so fond of each other ."
It was a style of beauty , of which elegance was the reigning character , and as such , she must , in honour , by all her principles , admire it :-- elegance , which , whether of person or of mind , she saw so little in Highbury .
I am sure Miss Fairfax must have found the evening pleasant , Emma .
I was glad you made her play so much , for having no instrument at her grandmother ' s , it must have been a real indulgence ."
What arises from discretion must be honoured ."
She must have found the evening agreeable , Mr . Knightley , because she had Emma ."
They must not over - salt the leg ; and then , if it is not over - salted , and if it is very thoroughly boiled , just as Serle boils ours , and eaten very moderately of , with a boiled turnip , and a little carrot or parsnip , I do not consider it unwholesome ."
You , who have been hearing and seeing so much of late on these subjects , who must have been so deep in the business on Miss Campbell ' s account -- we shall not excuse your being indifferent about Mr . Elton and Miss Hawkins ."
" Well , my dear Jane , I believe we must be running away .
You are too obliging , my dear Miss Woodhouse ; but we really must take leave .
It was to herself an amusing and a very welcome piece of news , as proving that Mr . Elton could not have suffered long ; but she was sorry for Harriet : Harriet must feel it -- and all that she could hope was , by giving the first information herself , to save her from hearing it abruptly from others .
I am sure I must have been as white as my gown .
By that time , it was beginning to hold up , and I was determined that nothing should stop me from getting away -- and then -- only think !-- I found he was coming up towards me too -- slowly you know , and as if he did not quite know what to do ; and so he came and spoke , and I answered -- and I stood for a minute , feeling dreadfully , you know , one can ' t tell how ; and then I took courage , and said it did not rain , and I must go ; and so off I set ; and I had not got three yards from the door , when he came after me , only to say , if I was going to Hartfield , he thought I had much better go round by Mr . Cole ' s stables , for I should find the near way quite floated by this rain .
Of course , he must be sorry to lose her -- they must be all sorry .
The pain of his continued residence in Highbury , however , must certainly be lessened by his marriage .
_What_ she was , must be uncertain ; but _who_ she was , might be found out ; and setting aside the 10 , 000 l ., it did not appear that she was at all Harriet ' s superior .
Miss Hawkins was the youngest of the two daughters of a Bristol -- merchant , of course , he must be called ; but , as the whole of the profits of his mercantile life appeared so very moderate , it was not unfair to guess the dignity of his line of trade had been very moderate also .
It must not be : and yet the danger of a renewal of the acquaintance !--
She could think of nothing better : and though there was something in it which her own heart could not approve -- something of ingratitude , merely glossed over -- it must be done , or what would become of Harriet ?
They all seemed to remember the day , the hour , the party , the occasion -- to feel the same consciousness , the same regrets -- to be ready to return to the same good understanding ; and they were just growing again like themselves , ( Harriet , as Emma must suspect , as ready as the best of them to be cordial and happy ,) when the carriage reappeared , and all was over .
Fourteen minutes to be given to those with whom she had thankfully passed six weeks not six months ago !-- Emma could not but picture it all , and feel how justly they might resent , how naturally Harriet must suffer .
They must be separated ; but there was a great deal of pain in the process -- so much to herself at this time , that she soon felt the necessity of a little consolation , and resolved on going home by way of Randalls to procure it .
" Well , well , I am ready ;"-- and turning again to Emma , " but you must not be expecting such a _very_ fine young man ; you have only had _my_ account you know ; I dare say he is really nothing extraordinary :"-- though his own sparkling eyes at the moment were speaking a very different conviction .
When she looked at the hedges , she thought the elder at least must soon be coming out ; and when she turned round to Harriet , she saw something like a look of spring , a tender smile even there .
She felt immediately that she should like him ; and there was a well - bred ease of manner , and a readiness to talk , which convinced her that he came intending to be acquainted with her , and that acquainted they soon must be .
" His father ' s marriage ," he said , " had been the wisest measure , every friend must rejoice in it ; and the family from whom he had received such a blessing must be ever considered as having conferred the highest obligation on him ."
She must see more of him to understand his ways ; at present she only felt they were agreeable .
A reasonable visit paid , Mr . Weston began to move .--" He must be going .
" As you are going farther on business , sir , I will take the opportunity of paying a visit , which must be paid some day or other , and therefore may as well be paid now .
And , besides , I must give you a hint , Frank ; any want of attention to her _here_ should be carefully avoided .
He agreed to it , but with so quiet a " Yes ," as inclined her almost to doubt his real concurrence ; and yet there must be a very distinct sort of elegance for the fashionable world , if Jane Fairfax could be thought only ordinarily gifted with it .
He begged to be shewn the house which his father had lived in so long , and which had been the home of his father ' s father ; and on recollecting that an old woman who had nursed him was still living , walked in quest of her cottage from one end of the street to the other ; and though in some points of pursuit or observation there was no positive merit , they shewed , altogether , a good - will towards Highbury in general , which must be very like a merit to those he was with .
If the talking aunt had taken me quite by surprize , it must have been the death of me .
He listened with all due deference ; acknowledged that he had heard many people say the same -- but yet he must confess , that to him nothing could make amends for the want of the fine glow of health .
this must be the very shop that every body attends every day of their lives , as my father informs me .
I must buy something at Ford ' s .
" And now that I understand your question , I must pronounce it to be a very unfair one .
Miss Fairfax must already have given her account .-- I shall not commit myself by claiming more than she may chuse to allow ."
But be it sweetness or be it stupidity in her -- quickness of friendship , or dulness of feeling -- there was one person , I think , who must have felt it : Miss Fairfax herself .
She must have felt the improper and dangerous distinction ."
But you , who have known Miss Fairfax from a child , must be a better judge of her character , and of how she is likely to conduct herself in critical situations , than I can be ."
But I must be more in want of a friend , or an agreeable companion , than I have yet been , to take the trouble of conquering any body ' s reserve to procure one .
There must be ample room in it for every real comfort .
The man must be a blockhead who wanted more .
Vanity , extravagance , love of change , restlessness of temper , which must be doing something , good or bad ; heedlessness as to the pleasure of his father and Mrs . Weston , indifferent as to how his conduct might appear in general ; he became liable to all these charges .
Mr . Weston , on his side , added a virtue to the account which must have some weight .
He gave her to understand that Frank admired her extremely -- thought her very beautiful and very charming ; and with so much to be said for him altogether , she found she must not judge him harshly .
It was the arrival of this very invitation while the Westons were at Hartfield , which made their presence so acceptable ; for though her first remark , on reading it , was that " of course it must be declined ," she so very soon proceeded to ask them what they advised her to do , that their advice for her going was most prompt and successful .
Mr . Weston must be quiet , and every thing deliberately arranged .
But first of all , there must be an answer written to Mrs .
You will say that I am quite an invalid , and go no where , and therefore must decline their obliging invitation ; beginning with my _compliments_ , of course .
We must remember to let James know that the carriage will be wanted on Tuesday .
And when you get there , you must tell him at what time you would have him come for you again ; and you had better name an early hour .
They are good - natured people , and think little of their own claims ; but still they must feel that any body ' s hurrying away is no great compliment ; and Miss Woodhouse ' s doing it would be more thought of than any other person ' s in the room .
My dear Emma , we must consider this .
You must promise me not to sit up ."
Mrs . Cole was telling that she had been calling on Miss Bates , and as soon as she entered the room had been struck by the sight of a pianoforte -- a very elegant looking instrument -- not a grand , but a large - sized square pianoforte ; and the substance of the story , the end of all the dialogue which ensued of surprize , and inquiry , and congratulations on her side , and explanations on Miss Bates ' s , was , that this pianoforte had arrived from Broadwood ' s the day before , to the great astonishment of both aunt and niece -- entirely unexpected ; that at first , by Miss Bates ' s account , Jane herself was quite at a loss , quite bewildered to think who could possibly have ordered it -- but now , they were both perfectly satisfied that it could be from only one quarter ;-- of course it must be from Colonel Campbell .
Mrs . Cole had many to agree with her ; every body who spoke on the subject was equally convinced that it must come from Colonel Campbell , and equally rejoiced that such a present had been made ; and there were enough ready to speak to allow Emma to think her own way , and still listen to Mrs . Cole .
" Or that he did not give her the use of their own instrument -- which must now be shut up in London , untouched by any body ."
She must know as well as her father , how acceptable an instrument would be ; and perhaps the mode of it , the mystery , the surprize , is more like a young woman ' s scheme than an elderly man ' s .
" If so , you must extend your suspicions and comprehend _Mr_ .
Yes , I immediately perceive that it must be the joint present of Mr . and Mrs . Dixon .
One might guess twenty things without guessing exactly the right ; but I am sure there must be a particular cause for her chusing to come to Highbury instead of going with the Campbells to Ireland .
Here , she must be leading a life of privation and penance ; there it would have been all enjoyment .
" And if the Dixons should absolutely deny all knowledge of it we must conclude it to come from the Campbells ."
Emma divined what every body present must be thinking .
She was his object , and every body must perceive it .
I never saw any thing so outree !-- Those curls !-- This must be a fancy of her own .
I see nobody else looking like her !-- I must go and ask her whether it is an Irish fashion .
I have been making discoveries and forming plans , just like yourself , and I must tell them while the idea is fresh .
Knightley must not marry !-- You would not have little Henry cut out from Donwell ?-- Oh !
no , no , Henry must have Donwell .
` Not that it was such a very old petticoat either -- for still it would last a great while -- and , indeed , she must thankfully say that their petticoats were all very strong .'"
I have heard him speak , and so must you , so very highly of Jane Fairfax !
Knightley must never marry .
Little Henry must remain the heir of Donwell .
" Quite out of the question , quite out of the question ," he replied ;-- " but you must often wish it , I am sure ."
And he smiled with such seeming pleasure at the conviction , that she must proceed another step .
This must not be ."
" I must have asked Miss Fairfax , and her languid dancing would not have agreed with me , after your ' s ."
The visit afforded her many pleasant recollections the next day ; and all that she might be supposed to have lost on the side of dignified seclusion , must be amply repaid in the splendour of popularity .
She must have delighted the Coles -- worthy people , who deserved to be made happy !-- And left a name behind her that would not soon die away .
" Those who knew any thing about it , must have felt the difference .
then , said I , I must run across , I am sure Miss Woodhouse will allow me just to run across and entreat her to come in ; my mother will be so very happy to see her -- and now we are such a nice party , she cannot refuse .--` Aye , pray do ,' said Mr . Frank Churchill , ` Miss Woodhouse ' s opinion of the instrument will be worth having .'
Indeed I must say that , much as I had heard of him before and much as I had expected , he very far exceeds any thing .
` I am sure you must be ,' said he , ` and I will send you another supply ; for I have a great many more than I can ever use .
That she was not immediately ready , Emma did suspect to arise from the state of her nerves ; she had not yet possessed the instrument long enough to touch it without emotion ; she must reason herself into the power of performance ; and Emma could not but pity such feelings , whatever their origin , and could not but resolve never to expose them to her neighbour again .
" How much your friends in Ireland must be enjoying your pleasure on this occasion , Miss Fairfax .
It must be all conjecture ."
She must understand you ."
" Mr . Knightley I declare !-- I must speak to him if possible , just to thank him .
I must get on to Kingston as fast as I can ."
You must have heard every thing to be sure .
Miss Woodhouse , must you be going ?-- You seem but just come -- so very obliging of you ."
Instances have been known of young people passing many , many months successively , without being at any ball of any description , and no material injury accrue either to body or mind ;-- but when a beginning is made -- when the felicities of rapid motion have once been , though slightly , felt -- it must be a very heavy set that does not ask for more .
Somebody said that _Miss_ Gilbert was expected at her brother ' s , and must be invited with the rest .
A word was put in for a second young Cox ; and at last , Mr . Weston naming one family of cousins who must be included , and another of very old acquaintance who could not be left out , it became a certainty that the five couple would be at least ten , and a very interesting speculation in what possible manner they could be disposed of .
If they must dance , they had better dance at Randalls .
" There , papa !-- Now you must be satisfied -- Our own dear Mrs . Weston , who is carefulness itself .
Another room of much better size might be secured for the purpose ; but it was at the other end of the house , and a long awkward passage must be gone through to get at it .
A private dance , without sitting down to supper , was pronounced an infamous fraud upon the rights of men and women ; and Mrs . Weston must not speak of it again .
To do what would be most generally pleasing must be our object -- if one could but tell what that would be ."
Most cordially , when Miss Bates arrived , did she agree that it must .
The preparations must take their time , nothing could be properly ready till the third week were entered on , and for a few days they must be planning , proceeding and hoping in uncertainty -- at the risk -- in her opinion , the great risk , of its being all in vain .
yes , I must be there ; I could not refuse ; and I will keep as much awake as I can ; but I would rather be at home , looking over William Larkins ' s week ' s account ; much rather , I confess .-- Pleasure in seeing dancing !-- not I , indeed -- I never look at it -- I do not know who does .-- Fine dancing , I believe , like virtue , must be its own reward .
Mrs . Churchill was unwell -- far too unwell to do without him ; she had been in a very suffering state ( so said her husband ) when writing to her nephew two days before , though from her usual unwillingness to give pain , and constant habit of never thinking of herself , she had not mentioned it ; but now she was too ill to trifle , and must entreat him to set off for Enscombe without delay .
He must be gone within a few hours , though without feeling any real alarm for his aunt , to lessen his repugnance .
" Our poor ball must be quite given up ."
" And you must be off this very morning ?"
" Yes ; my father is to join me here : we shall walk back together , and I must be off immediately .
She is a woman that one may , that one _must_ laugh at ; but that one would not wish to slight .
It had been a very happy fortnight , and forlorn must be the sinking from it into the common course of Hartfield days .
What strength , or what constancy of affection he might be subject to , was another point ; but at present she could not doubt his having a decidedly warm admiration , a conscious preference of herself ; and this persuasion , joined to all the rest , made her think that she _must_ be a little in love with him , in spite of every previous determination against it .
" I certainly must ," said she .
" This sensation of listlessness , weariness , stupidity , this disinclination to sit down and employ myself , this feeling of every thing ' s being dull and insipid about the house !-- I must be in love ; I should be the oddest creature in the world if I were not -- for a few weeks at least .
When she became sensible of this , it struck her that she could not be very much in love ; for in spite of her previous and fixed determination never to quit her father , never to marry , a strong attachment certainly must produce more of a struggle than she could foresee in her own feelings .
" _He_ is undoubtedly very much in love -- every thing denotes it -- very much in love indeed !-- and when he comes again , if his affection continue , I must be on my guard not to encourage it .-- It would be most inexcusable to do otherwise , as my own mind is quite made up .
Could he have thought himself encouraged , his looks and language at parting would have been different .-- Still , however , I must be on my guard .
Gratifying , however , and stimulative as was the letter in the material part , its sentiments , she yet found , when it was folded up and returned to Mrs . Weston , that it had not added any lasting warmth , that she could still do without the writer , and that he must learn to do without her .
" I must not dwell upon it ," said she .--" I must not think of it .
Mrs . Elton was first seen at church : but though devotion might be interrupted , curiosity could not be satisfied by a bride in a pew , and it must be left for the visits in form which were then to be paid , to settle whether she were very pretty indeed , or only rather pretty , or not pretty at all .
The woman was better off ; she might have the assistance of fine clothes , and the privilege of bashfulness , but the man had only his own good sense to depend on ; and when she considered how peculiarly unlucky poor Mr . Elton was in being in the same room at once with the woman he had just married , the woman he had wanted to marry , and the woman whom he had been expected to marry , she must allow him to have the right to look as little wise , and to be as much affectedly , and as little really easy as could be .
" Yes ; but we must not rest our claims on that distinction .
I absolutely must go in by myself , though I hate being stuck up in the barouche - landau without a companion ; but Augusta , I believe , with her own good - will , would never stir beyond the park paling .'
I perfectly understand your situation , however , Miss Woodhouse -- ( looking towards Mr . Woodhouse ), Your father ' s state of health must be a great drawback .
no , indeed ; I must protest against any such idea .
I think , Miss Woodhouse , you and I must establish a musical club , and have regular weekly meetings at your house , or ours .
` My friend Knightley ' had been so often mentioned , that I was really impatient to see him ; and I must do my caro sposo the justice to say that he need not be ashamed of his friend .
He had the air of congratulating himself on having brought such a woman to Highbury , as not even Miss Woodhouse could equal ; and the greater part of her new acquaintance , disposed to commend , or not in the habit of judging , following the lead of Miss Bates ' s good - will , or taking it for granted that the bride must be as clever and as agreeable as she professed herself , were very well satisfied ; so that Mrs . Elton ' s praise passed from one mouth to another as it ought to do , unimpeded by Miss Woodhouse , who readily continued her first contribution and talked with a good grace of her being " very pleasant and very elegantly dressed ."
Emma hoped it must rapidly work Harriet ' s cure ; but the sensations which could prompt such behaviour sunk them both very much .-- It was not to be doubted that poor Harriet ' s attachment had been an offering to conjugal unreserve , and her own share in the story , under a colouring the least favourable to her and the most soothing to him , had in all likelihood been given also .
She was , of course , the object of their joint dislike .-- When they had nothing else to say , it must be always easy to begin abusing Miss Woodhouse ; and the enmity which they dared not shew in open disrespect to her , found a broader vent in contemptuous treatment of Harriet .
Not merely when a state of warfare with one young lady might be supposed to recommend the other , but from the very first ; and she was not satisfied with expressing a natural and reasonable admiration -- but without solicitation , or plea , or privilege , she must be wanting to assist and befriend her .-- Before Emma had forfeited her confidence , and about the third time of their meeting , she heard all Mrs . Elton ' s knight - errantry on the subject .--
You will laugh at my warmth -- but , upon my word , I talk of nothing but Jane Fairfax .-- And her situation is so calculated to affect one !-- Miss Woodhouse , we must exert ourselves and endeavour to do something for her .
We must bring her forward .
Such talent as hers must not be suffered to remain unknown .-- I dare say you have heard those charming lines of the poet ,
We must not allow them to be verified in sweet Jane Fairfax ."
I must confess it is a recommendation to me .
" She must have some motive , more powerful than appears , for refusing this invitation ," was Emma ' s conclusion .
" She must be under some sort of penance , inflicted either by the Campbells or herself .
But why must she consent to be with the Eltons ?-- Here is quite a separate puzzle ."
Her aunt is a good creature , but , as a constant companion , must be very tiresome .
We must consider what Miss Fairfax quits , before we condemn her taste for what she goes to ."
" Another thing must be taken into consideration too -- Mrs . Elton does not talk _to_ Miss Fairfax as she speaks _of_ her .
In the course of the spring she must return their civilities by one very superior party -- in which her card - tables should be set out with their separate candles and unbroken packs in the true style -- and more waiters engaged for the evening than their own establishment could furnish , to carry round the refreshments at exactly the proper hour , and in the proper order .
They must not do less than others , or she should be exposed to odious suspicions , and imagined capable of pitiful resentment .
A dinner there must be .
Besides the Eltons , it must be the Westons and Mr . Knightley ; so far it was all of course -- and it was hardly less inevitable that poor little Harriet must be asked to make the eighth :-- but this invitation was not given with equal satisfaction , and on many accounts Emma was particularly pleased by Harriet ' s begging to be allowed to decline it .
John Knightley came ; but Mr . Weston was unexpectedly summoned to town and must be absent on the very day .
" I hope you did not venture far , Miss Fairfax , this morning , or I am sure you must have been wet .-- We scarcely got home in time .
" I must not hope to be ever situated as you are , in the midst of every dearest connexion , and therefore I cannot expect that simply growing older should make me indifferent about letters ."
You have every body dearest to you always at hand , I , probably , never shall again ; and therefore till I have outlived all my affections , a post - office , I think , must always have power to draw me out , in worse weather than to - day ."
" My dear Jane , what is this I hear ?-- Going to the post - office in the rain !-- This must not be , I assure you .-- You sad girl , how could you do such a thing ?-- It is a sign I was not there to take care of you ."
You and I must positively exert our authority ."
Miss Fairfax , you must not run such risks .-- Liable as you have been to severe colds , indeed you ought to be particularly careful , especially at this time of year .
" We will not allow her to do such a thing again :"-- and nodding significantly --" there must be some arrangement made , there must indeed .
I am advised to be out of doors as much as I can , I must walk somewhere , and the post - office is an object ; and upon my word , I have scarcely ever had a bad morning before ."
You know , Mrs . Weston , you and I must be cautious how we express ourselves .
" The clerks grow expert from habit .-- They must begin with some quickness of sight and hand , and exercise improves them .
The public pays and must be served well ."
But for that reason , I should imagine the likeness must be chiefly confined to the females , for boys have very little teaching after an early age , and scramble into any hand they can get .
" Must I go first ?
If Jane repressed her for a little time , she soon began again ; and though much that passed between them was in a half - whisper , especially on Mrs . Elton ' s side , there was no avoiding a knowledge of their principal subjects : The post - office -- catching cold -- fetching letters -- and friendship , were long under discussion ; and to them succeeded one , which must be at least equally unpleasant to Jane -- inquiries whether she had yet heard of any situation likely to suit her , and professions of Mrs . Elton ' s meditated activity .
" I must spend some time with them ; I am sure they will want it ;-- afterwards I may probably be glad to dispose of myself .
A situation such as you deserve , and your friends would require for you , is no everyday occurrence , is not obtained at a moment ' s notice ; indeed , indeed , we must begin inquiring directly ."
Your musical knowledge alone would entitle you to name your own terms , have as many rooms as you like , and mix in the family as much as you chose ;-- that is -- I do not know -- if you knew the harp , you might do all that , I am very sure ; but you sing as well as play ;-- yes , I really believe you might , even without the harp , stipulate for what you chose ;-- and you must and shall be delightfully , honourably and comfortably settled before the Campbells or I have any rest ."
I must put on a few ornaments now , because it is expected of me .
A bride , you know , must appear like a bride , but my natural taste is all for simplicity ; a simple style of dress is so infinitely preferable to finery .
Mr . Weston , however , too eager to be very observant , too communicative to want others to talk , was very well satisfied with what she did say , and soon moved away to make the rest of his friends happy by a partial communication of what the whole room must have overheard already .
Mr . Weston -- ( laughing affectedly ) I must protest against that .-- A most dangerous precedent indeed !-- I beg you will not let your neighbours follow your example .-- Upon my word , if this is what I am to expect , we married women must begin to exert ourselves !-- Oh !
You must take care of yourself , Mrs .
You must grant me that ."
I hope you will be pleased with my son ; but you must not expect a prodigy .
well , that must be infinitely provoking !
" I rather hope to satisfy you both ," said Emma , " for I shall do all in my power to make them happy , which will be enough for Isabella ; and happiness must preclude false indulgence and physic ."
" And if you find them troublesome , you must send them home again ."
" Certainly ; you must be sensible that the last half - year has made a great difference in your way of life ."
And as to my dear little boys , I must say , that if Aunt Emma has not time for them , I do not think they would fare much better with Uncle Knightley , who is absent from home about five hours where she is absent one -- and who , when he is at home , is either reading to himself or settling his accounts ."
He rode down for a couple of hours ; he could not yet do more ; but as he came from Randalls immediately to Hartfield , she could then exercise all her quick observation , and speedily determine how he was influenced , and how she must act .
" He had seen a group of old acquaintance in the street as he passed -- he had not stopped , he would not stop for more than a word -- but he had the vanity to think they would be disappointed if he did not call , and much as he wished to stay longer at Hartfield , he must hurry off ."
Two months must bring it to the proof .
Sixteen miles -- nay , eighteen -- it must be full eighteen to Manchester - street -- was a serious obstacle .
Mr . Weston had been so very earnest in his entreaties for her arriving there as soon as possible after themselves , for the purpose of taking her opinion as to the propriety and comfort of the rooms before any other persons came , that she could not refuse him , and must therefore spend some quiet interval in the young man ' s company .
" I think she must be here soon ," said he .
In a few minutes the carriage returned .-- Somebody talked of rain .-- " I will see that there are umbrellas , sir ," said Frank to his father : " Miss Bates must not be forgotten :" and away he went .
You must know I have a vast dislike to puppies -- quite a horror of them .
While she talked of his son , Mr . Weston ' s attention was chained ; but when she got to Maple Grove , he could recollect that there were ladies just arriving to be attended to , and with happy smiles must hurry away .
Mr . Weston , you must really have had Aladdin ' s lamp .
So afraid you might have a headache !-- seeing you pass by so often , and knowing how much trouble you must have .
Mr . Frank Churchill , I must tell you my mother ' s spectacles have never been in fault since ; the rivet never came out again .
This is meeting quite in fairy - land !-- Such a transformation !-- Must not compliment , I know ( eyeing Emma most complacently )-- that would be rude -- but upon my word , Miss Woodhouse , you do look -- how do you like Jane ' s hair ?-- You are a judge .-- She did it all herself .
Must go and speak to Dr . and Mrs . Hughes for a moment .-- How do you do ?
He had met with them in a little perplexity , which must be laid before Emma .
It had just occurred to Mrs . Weston that Mrs . Elton must be asked to begin the ball ; that she would expect it ; which interfered with all their wishes of giving Emma that distinction .-- Emma heard the sad truth with fortitude .
Emma must submit to stand second to Mrs . Elton , though she had always considered the ball as peculiarly for her .
His tall , firm , upright figure , among the bulky forms and stooping shoulders of the elderly men , was such as Emma felt must draw every body ' s eyes ; and , excepting her own partner , there was not one among the whole row of young men who could be compared with him .-- He moved a few steps nearer , and those few steps were enough to prove in how gentlemanlike a manner , with what natural grace , he must have danced , would he but take the trouble .-- Whenever she caught his eye , she forced him to smile ; but in general he was looking grave .
She must not flatter herself that he thought of her dancing , but if he were criticising her behaviour , she did not feel afraid .
Mrs . Weston said no more ; and Emma could imagine with what surprize and mortification she must be returning to her seat .
She says she is afraid there will be draughts in the passage , though every thing has been done -- One door nailed up -- Quantities of matting -- My dear Jane , indeed you must .
She depended on the evil feelings of the Eltons for supplying all the discipline of pointed neglect that could be farther requisite .-- Harriet rational , Frank Churchill not too much in love , and Mr . Knightley not wanting to quarrel with her , how very happy a summer must be before her !
A young lady who faints , must be recovered ; questions must be answered , and surprizes be explained .
How the trampers might have behaved , had the young ladies been more courageous , must be doubtful ; but such an invitation for attack could not be resisted ; and Harriet was soon assailed by half a dozen children , headed by a stout woman and a great boy , all clamorous , and impertinent in look , though not absolutely in word .-- More and more frightened , she immediately promised them money , and taking out her purse , gave them a shilling , and begged them not to want more , or to use her ill .-- She was then able to walk , though but slowly , and was moving away -- but her terror and her purse were too tempting , and she was followed , or rather surrounded , by the whole gang , demanding more .
Could a linguist , could a grammarian , could even a mathematician have seen what she did , have witnessed their appearance together , and heard their history of it , without feeling that circumstances had been at work to make them peculiarly interesting to each other ?-- How much more must an imaginist , like herself , be on fire with speculation and foresight !-- especially with such a groundwork of anticipation as her mind had already made .
Emma ' s first resolution was to keep her father from the knowledge of what had passed ,-- aware of the anxiety and alarm it would occasion : but she soon felt that concealment must be impossible .
" Now ," said Harriet , " you _must_ recollect ."
I must get rid of every thing .-- There it goes , and there is an end , thank Heaven !
Its tendency would be to raise and refine her mind -- and it must be saving her from the danger of degradation .
You must remember it now ?"
how could it be ?-- Then I must have dreamt it -- but I was completely persuaded -- Miss Smith , you walk as if you were tired .
" No , sir ," replied his son , laughing , " I seem to have had it from nobody .-- Very odd !-- I really was persuaded of Mrs . Weston ' s having mentioned it in one of her letters to Enscombe , many weeks ago , with all these particulars -- but as she declares she never heard a syllable of it before , of course it must have been a dream .
" Why , to own the truth ," cried Miss Bates , who had been trying in vain to be heard the last two minutes , " if I must speak on this subject , there is no denying that Mr . Frank Churchill might have -- I do not mean to say that he did not dream it -- I am sure I have sometimes the oddest dreams in the world -- but if I am questioned about it , I must acknowledge that there was such an idea last spring ; for Mrs . Perry herself mentioned it to my mother , and the Coles knew of it as well as ourselves -- but it was quite a secret , known to nobody else , and only thought of about three days .
The dream must be borne with , and Mr . Knightley must take his seat with the rest round the large modern circular table which Emma had introduced at Hartfield , and which none but Emma could have had power to place there and persuade her father to use , instead of the small - sized Pembroke , on which two of his daily meals had , for forty years been crowded .
He feared there must be some decided involvement .
" No , no , you must not ; you shall not , indeed ."
We really must wish you good night ."
He remained at Hartfield after all the rest , his thoughts full of what he had seen ; so full , that when the candles came to assist his observations , he must -- yes , he certainly must , as a friend -- an anxious friend -- give Emma some hint , ask her some question .
In the daily interchange of news , they must be again restricted to the other topics with which for a while the Sucklings ' coming had been united , such as the last accounts of Mrs . Churchill , whose health seemed every day to supply a different report , and the situation of Mrs . Weston , whose happiness it was to be hoped might eventually be as much increased by the arrival of a child , as that of all her neighbours was by the approach of it .
Her introductions and recommendations must all wait , and every projected party be still only talked of .
Now , as her objection was nothing but her very great dislike of Mrs . Elton , of which Mr . Weston must already be perfectly aware , it was not worth bringing forward again :-- it could not be done without a reproof to him , which would be giving pain to his wife ; and she found herself therefore obliged to consent to an arrangement which she would have done a great deal to avoid ; an arrangement which would probably expose her even to the degradation of being said to be of Mrs . Elton ' s party !
I really must talk to him about purchasing a donkey .
He wished to persuade Mr . Woodhouse , as well as Emma , to join the party ; and he knew that to have any of them sitting down out of doors to eat would inevitably make him ill . Mr . Woodhouse must not , under the specious pretence of a morning drive , and an hour or two spent at Donwell , be tempted away to his misery .
It was so long since Emma had been at the Abbey , that as soon as she was satisfied of her father ' s comfort , she was glad to leave him , and look around her ; eager to refresh and correct her memory with more particular observation , more exact understanding of a house and grounds which must ever be so interesting to her and all her family .
These were pleasant feelings , and she walked about and indulged them till it was necessary to do as the others did , and collect round the strawberry - beds .-- The whole party were assembled , excepting Frank Churchill , who was expected every moment from Richmond ; and Mrs . Elton , in all her apparatus of happiness , her large bonnet and her basket , was very ready to lead the way in gathering , accepting , or talking -- strawberries , and only strawberries , could now be thought or spoken of .--" The best fruit in England -- every body ' s favourite -- always wholesome .-- These the finest beds and finest sorts .-- Delightful to gather for one ' s self -- the only way of really enjoying them .-- Morning decidedly the best time -- never tired -- every sort good -- hautboy infinitely superior -- no comparison -- the others hardly eatable -- hautboys very scarce -- Chili preferred -- white wood finest flavour of all -- price of strawberries in London -- abundance about Bristol -- Maple Grove -- cultivation -- beds when to be renewed -- gardeners thinking exactly different -- no general rule -- gardeners never to be put out of their way -- delicious fruit -- only too rich to be eaten much of -- inferior to cherries -- currants more refreshing -- only objection to gathering strawberries the stooping -- glaring sun -- tired to death -- could bear it no longer -- must go and sit in the shade ."
The next remove was to the house ; they must all go in and eat ;-- and they were all seated and busy , and still Frank Churchill did not come .
Churchill ' s state , however , as many were ready to remind her , was liable to such sudden variation as might disappoint her nephew in the most reasonable dependence -- and Mrs . Weston was at last persuaded to believe , or to say , that it must be by some attack of Mrs . Churchill that he was prevented coming .-- Emma looked at Harriet while the point was under consideration ; she behaved very well , and betrayed no emotion .
I must order the carriage .
He had been detained by a temporary increase of illness in her ; a nervous seizure , which had lasted some hours -- and he had quite given up every thought of coming , till very late ;-- and had he known how hot a ride he should have , and how late , with all his hurry , he must be , he believed he should not have come at all .
" These are difficulties which you must settle for yourself .
To amuse her , and be agreeable in her eyes , seemed all that he cared for -- and Emma , glad to be enlivened , not sorry to be flattered , was gay and easy too , and gave him all the friendly encouragement , the admission to be gallant , which she had ever given in the first and most animating period of their acquaintance ; but which now , in her own estimation , meant nothing , though in the judgment of most people looking on it must have had such an appearance as no English word but flirtation could very well describe .
I must make myself very disagreeable , or she would not have said such a thing to an old friend ."
" This explains the sort of clever thing that is wanted , and Mr . Weston has done very well for himself ; but he must have knocked up every body else .
for myself , I protest I must be excused ," said Mrs . Elton ; " _I_ really cannot attempt -- I am not at all fond of the sort of thing .
Miss Woodhouse must excuse me .
I have a great deal of vivacity in my own way , but I really must be allowed to judge when to speak and when to hold my tongue .
I would be understood to mean , that it can be only weak , irresolute characters , ( whose happiness must be always at the mercy of chance ,) who will suffer an unfortunate acquaintance to be an inconvenience , an oppression for ever ."
" She must be very lively , and have hazle eyes .
" Emma , I must once more speak to you as I have been used to do : a privilege rather endured than allowed , perhaps , but I must still use it .
I wish you could have heard her honouring your forbearance , in being able to pay her such attentions , as she was for ever receiving from yourself and your father , when her society must be so irksome ."
cried Emma , " I know there is not a better creature in the world : but you must allow , that what is good and what is ridiculous are most unfortunately blended in her ."
She is poor ; she has sunk from the comforts she was born to ; and , if she live to old age , must probably sink more .
You , whom she had known from an infant , whom she had seen grow up from a period when her notice was an honour , to have you now , in thoughtless spirits , and the pride of the moment , laugh at her , humble her -- and before her niece , too -- and before others , many of whom ( certainly _some_ ,) would be entirely guided by _your_ treatment of her .-- This is not pleasant to you , Emma -- and it is very far from pleasant to me ; but I must , I will ,-- I will tell you truths while I can ; satisfied with proving myself your friend by very faithful counsel , and trusting that you will some time or other do me greater justice than you can do now ."
She hoped no one could have said to her , " How could you be so unfeeling to your father ?-- I must , I will tell you truths while I can ."
` Well ,' said she , ` it must be borne some time or other , and it may as well be now .'
` If you must go , my dear ,' said I , ` you must , and I will say you are laid down upon the bed .'"
" It must be a severe trial to them all .
` You _must_ _all_ spend your evening with us ,' said she --` I positively must have you _all_ come .'"
Such kind friends , you know , Miss Woodhouse , one must always find agreeable , though every body seemed rather fagged after the morning ' s party .
" Whenever the time may come , it must be unwelcome to her and all her friends -- but I hope her engagement will have every alleviation that is possible -- I mean , as to the character and manners of the family ."
" Her friends must all be sorry to lose her ; and will not Colonel and Mrs . Campbell be sorry to find that she has engaged herself before their return ?"
Poor old John , I have a great regard for him ; he was clerk to my poor father twenty - seven years ; and now , poor old man , he is bed - ridden , and very poorly with the rheumatic gout in his joints -- I must go and see him to - day ; and so will Jane , I am sure , if she gets out at all .
Poor dear Jane was talking of it just now .-- ` You must go ,' said she .
` You and I must part .
Emma ' s pensive meditations , as she walked home , were not interrupted ; but on entering the parlour , she found those who must rouse her .
" I would not go away without seeing you , but I have no time to spare , and therefore must now be gone directly .
" Well , my dear , and did you get there safely ?-- And how did you find my worthy old friend and her daughter ?-- I dare say they must have been very much obliged to you for coming .
It was felt as such things must be felt .
Her present home , he could not but observe , was unfavourable to a nervous disorder :-- confined always to one room ;-- he could have wished it otherwise -- and her good aunt , though his very old friend , he must acknowledge to be not the best companion for an invalid of that description .
She must see you ."
She would have ordered the carriage , and come to you , but she must see you _alone_ , and that you know --( nodding towards her father )-- Humph !-- Can you come ?"
Emma found that she must wait ; and now it required little effort .
" Well ," said she at last , trying to recover herself ; " this is a circumstance which I must think of at least half a day , before I can at all comprehend it .
But this does not acquit _him_ , Mrs . Weston ; and I must say , that I think him greatly to blame .
" Nay , dear Emma , now I must take his part ; for though he has been wrong in this instance , I have known him long enough to answer for his having many , very many , good qualities ; and --"
I must love him ; and now that I am satisfied on one point , the one material point , I am sincerely anxious for its all turning out well , and ready to hope that it may .
They must both have suffered a great deal under such a system of secresy and concealment ."
What has it been but a system of hypocrisy and deceit ,-- espionage , and treachery ?-- To come among us with professions of openness and simplicity ; and such a league in secret to judge us all !-- Here have we been , the whole winter and spring , completely duped , fancying ourselves all on an equal footing of truth and honour , with two people in the midst of us who may have been carrying round , comparing and sitting in judgment on sentiments and words that were never meant for both to hear .-- They must take the consequence , if they have heard each other spoken of in a way not perfectly agreeable !"
But as I have always had a thoroughly good opinion of Miss Fairfax , I never could , under any blunder , have spoken ill of her ; and as to speaking ill of him , there I must have been safe ."
Common sense would have directed her to tell Harriet , that she must not allow herself to think of him , and that there were five hundred chances to one against his ever caring for her .--" But , with common sense ," she added , " I am afraid I have had little to do ."
Harriet would be anxiety enough ; she need no longer be unhappy about Jane , whose troubles and whose ill - health having , of course , the same origin , must be equally under cure .-- Her days of insignificance and evil were over .-- She would soon be well , and happy , and prosperous .-- Emma could now imagine why her own attentions had been slighted .
An airing in the Hartfield carriage would have been the rack , and arrowroot from the Hartfield storeroom must have been poison .
Considering the very superior claims of the object , it ought ; and judging by its apparently stronger effect on Harriet ' s mind , producing reserve and self - command , it would .-- She must communicate the painful truth , however , and as soon as possible .
-- Emma had promised ; but still Harriet must be excepted .
You must think one five hundred million times more above me than the other .
" Yes ," replied Harriet modestly , but not fearfully --" I must say that I have ."
It darted through her , with the speed of an arrow , that Mr . Knightley must marry no one but herself !
Her voice was not unsteady ; but her mind was in all the perturbation that such a development of self , such a burst of threatening evil , such a confusion of sudden and perplexing emotions , must create .-- She listened with much inward suffering , but with great outward patience , to Harriet ' s detail .-- Methodical , or well arranged , or very well delivered , it could not be expected to be ; but it contained , when separated from all the feebleness and tautology of the narration , a substance to sink her spirit -- especially with the corroborating circumstances , which her own memory brought in favour of Mr . Knightley ' s most improved opinion of Harriet .
He seemed to be almost asking her , whether her affections were engaged .-- But as soon as she ( Miss Woodhouse ) appeared likely to join them , he changed the subject , and began talking about farming :-- The second , was his having sat talking with her nearly half an hour before Emma came back from her visit , the very last morning of his being at Hartfield -- though , when he first came in , he had said that he could not stay five minutes -- and his having told her , during their conversation , that though he must go to London , it was very much against his inclination that he left home at all , which was much more ( as Emma felt ) than he had acknowledged to _her_ .
Every moment had brought a fresh surprize ; and every surprize must be matter of humiliation to her .-- How to understand it all !
When had his influence , such influence begun ?-- When had he succeeded to that place in her affection , which Frank Churchill had once , for a short period , occupied ?-- She looked back ; she compared the two -- compared them , as they had always stood in her estimation , from the time of the latter ' s becoming known to her -- and as they must at any time have been compared by her , had it -- oh !
Knightley .-- Were this most unequal of all connexions to take place , on her must rest all the reproach of having given it a beginning ; for his attachment , she must believe to be produced only by a consciousness of Harriet ' s ;-- and even were this not the case , he would never have known Harriet at all but for her folly .
It was horrible to Emma to think how it must sink him in the general opinion , to foresee the smiles , the sneers , the merriment it would prompt at his expense ; the mortification and disdain of his brother , the thousand inconveniences to himself .-- Could it be ?-- No ; it was impossible .
In spite of all her faults , she knew she was dear to him ; might she not say , very dear ?-- When the suggestions of hope , however , which must follow here , presented themselves , she could not presume to indulge them .
How directly , how strongly had he expressed himself to her on the subject !-- Not too strongly for the offence -- but far , far too strongly to issue from any feeling softer than upright justice and clear - sighted goodwill .-- She had no hope , nothing to deserve the name of hope , that he could have that sort of affection for herself which was now in question ; but there was a hope ( at times a slight one , at times much stronger ,) that Harriet might have deceived herself , and be overrating his regard for _her_ .-- Wish it she must , for his sake -- be the consequence nothing to herself , but his remaining single all his life .
It must be her ardent wish that Harriet might be disappointed ; and she hoped , that when able to see them together again , she might at least be able to ascertain what the chances for it were .-- She should see them henceforward with the closest observance ; and wretchedly as she had hitherto misunderstood even those she was watching , she did not know how to admit that she could be blinded here .-- He was expected back every day .
Apologies for her seemingly ungracious silence in their first reception , and the warmest expressions of the gratitude she was always feeling towards herself and Mr . Weston , must necessarily open the cause ; but when these effusions were put by , they had talked a good deal of the present and of the future state of the engagement .
Mrs . Weston was convinced that such conversation must be the greatest relief to her companion , pent up within her own mind as every thing had so long been , and was very much pleased with all that she had said on the subject .
It must have been from attachment only , that she could be led to form the engagement .
Her affection must have overpowered her judgment ."
" I am afraid ," returned Emma , sighing , " that I must often have contributed to make her unhappy ."
The consciousness of having done amiss , had exposed her to a thousand inquietudes , and made her captious and irritable to a degree that must have been -- that had been -- hard for him to bear .
" If I did not know her to be happy now ," said Emma , seriously , " which , in spite of every little drawback from her scrupulous conscience , she must be , I could not bear these thanks ;-- for , oh !
Had she followed Mr . Knightley ' s known wishes , in paying that attention to Miss Fairfax , which was every way her due ; had she tried to know her better ; had she done her part towards intimacy ; had she endeavoured to find a friend there instead of in Harriet Smith ; she must , in all probability , have been spared from every pain which pressed on her now .-- Birth , abilities , and education , had been equally marking one as an associate for her , to be received with gratitude ; and the other -- what was she ?-- Supposing even that they had never become intimate friends ; that she had never been admitted into Miss Fairfax ' s confidence on this important matter -- which was most probable -- still , in knowing her as she ought , and as she might , she must have been preserved from the abominable suspicions of an improper attachment to Mr . Dixon , which she had not only so foolishly fashioned and harboured herself , but had so unpardonably imparted ; an idea which she greatly feared had been made a subject of material distress to the delicacy of Jane ' s feelings , by the levity or carelessness of Frank Churchill ' s .
Of all the sources of evil surrounding the former , since her coming to Highbury , she was persuaded that she must herself have been the worst .
She must have been a perpetual enemy .
If all took place that might take place among the circle of her friends , Hartfield must be comparatively deserted ; and she left to cheer her father with the spirits only of ruined happiness .
The child to be born at Randalls must be a tie there even dearer than herself ; and Mrs . Weston ' s heart and time would be occupied by it .
She must be collected and calm .
He must have had a wet ride .-- Yes .-- He meant to walk with her , she found .
He must do it all himself .
" You are very kind -- but you are mistaken -- and I must set you right .-- I am not in want of that sort of compassion .
My blindness to what was going on , led me to act by them in a way that I must always be ashamed of , and I was very foolishly tempted to say and do many things which may well lay me open to unpleasant conjectures , but I have no other reason to regret that I was not in the secret earlier ."
She supposed she must say more before she were entitled to his clemency ; but it was a hard case to be obliged still to lower herself in his opinion .
What years of felicity that man , in all human calculation , has before him !-- Assured of the love of such a woman -- the disinterested love , for Jane Fairfax ' s character vouches for her disinterestedness ; every thing in his favour ,-- equality of situation -- I mean , as far as regards society , and all the habits and manners that are important ; equality in every point but one -- and that one , since the purity of her heart is not to be doubted , such as must increase his felicity , for it will be his to bestow the only advantages she wants .-- A man would always wish to give a woman a better home than the one he takes her from ; and he who can do it , where there is no doubt of _her_ regard , must , I think , be the happiest of mortals .-- Frank Churchill is , indeed , the favourite of fortune .
Emma , I must tell you what you will not ask , though I may wish it unsaid the next moment ."
She might assist his resolution , or reconcile him to it ; she might give just praise to Harriet , or , by representing to him his own independence , relieve him from that state of indecision , which must be more intolerable than any alternative to such a mind as his .-- They had reached the house .
There was too much domestic happiness in his brother ' s house ; woman wore too amiable a form in it ; Isabella was too much like Emma -- differing only in those striking inferiorities , which always brought the other in brilliancy before him , for much to have been done , even had his time been longer .-- He had stayed on , however , vigorously , day after day -- till this very morning ' s post had conveyed the history of Jane Fairfax .-- Then , with the gladness which must be felt , nay , which he did not scruple to feel , having never believed Frank Churchill to be at all deserving Emma , was there so much fond solicitude , so much keen anxiety for her , that he could stay no longer .
What totally different feelings did Emma take back into the house from what she had brought out !-- she had then been only daring to hope for a little respite of suffering ;-- she was now in an exquisite flutter of happiness , and such happiness moreover as she believed must still be greater when the flutter should have passed away .
As long as Mr . Knightley remained with them , Emma ' s fever continued ; but when he was gone , she began to be a little tranquillised and subdued -- and in the course of the sleepless night , which was the tax for such an evening , she found one or two such very serious points to consider , as made her feel , that even her happiness must have some alloy .
While he lived , it must be only an engagement ; but she flattered herself , that if divested of the danger of drawing her away , it might become an increase of comfort to him .-- How to do her best by Harriet , was of more difficult decision ;-- how to spare her from any unnecessary pain ; how to make her any possible atonement ; how to appear least her enemy ?-- On these subjects , her perplexity and distress were very great -- and her mind had to pass again and again through every bitter reproach and sorrowful regret that had ever surrounded it .-- She could only resolve at last , that she would still avoid a meeting with her , and communicate all that need be told by letter ; that it would be inexpressibly desirable to have her removed just now for a time from Highbury , and -- indulging in one scheme more -- nearly resolve , that it might be practicable to get an invitation for her to Brunswick Square .-- Isabella had been pleased with Harriet ; and a few weeks spent in London must give her some amusement .-- She did not think it in Harriet ' s nature to escape being benefited by novelty and variety , by the streets , the shops , and the children .-- At any rate , it would be a proof of attention and kindness in herself , from whom every thing was due ; a separation for the present ; an averting of the evil day , when they must all be together again .
He had not left her long , by no means long enough for her to have the slightest inclination for thinking of any body else , when a letter was brought her from Randalls -- a very thick letter ;-- she guessed what it must contain , and deprecated the necessity of reading it .-- She was now in perfect charity with Frank Churchill ; she wanted no explanations , she wanted only to have her thoughts to herself -- and as for understanding any thing he wrote , she was sure she was incapable of it .-- It must be waded through , however .
I have already met with such success in two applications for pardon , that I may be in danger of thinking myself too sure of yours , and of those among your friends who have had any ground of offence .-- You must all endeavour to comprehend the exact nature of my situation when I first arrived at Randalls ; you must consider me as having a secret which was to be kept at all hazards .
I dared not address her openly ; my difficulties in the then state of Enscombe must be too well known to require definition ; and I was fortunate enough to prevail , before we parted at Weymouth , and to induce the most upright female mind in the creation to stoop in charity to a secret engagement .-- Had she refused , I should have gone mad .-- But you will be ready to say , what was your hope in doing this ?-- What did you look forward to ?-- To any thing , every thing -- to time , chance , circumstance , slow effects , sudden bursts , perseverance and weariness , health and sickness .
You will look back and see that I did not come till Miss Fairfax was in Highbury ; and as _you_ were the person slighted , you will forgive me instantly ; but I must work on my father ' s compassion , by reminding him , that so long as I absented myself from his house , so long I lost the blessing of knowing you .
From our relative situation , those attentions were her due , and were felt to be so .-- Whether Miss Woodhouse began really to understand me before the expiration of that fortnight , I cannot say ;-- when I called to take leave of her , I remember that I was within a moment of confessing the truth , and I then fancied she was not without suspicion ; but I have no doubt of her having since detected me , at least in some degree .-- She may not have surmised the whole , but her quickness must have penetrated a part .
She must tell you herself what she is -- yet not by word , for never was there a human creature who would so designedly suppress her own merit .-- Since I began this letter , which will be longer than I foresaw , I have heard from her .-- She gives a good account of her own health ; but as she never complains , I dare not depend .
If I could but see her again !-- But I must not propose it yet .
My uncle has been too good for me to encroach .-- I must still add to this long letter .
While I , to blind the world to our engagement , was behaving one hour with objectionable particularity to another woman , was she to be consenting the next to a proposal which might have made every previous caution useless ?-- Had we been met walking together between Donwell and Highbury , the truth must have been suspected .-- I was mad enough , however , to resent .-- I doubted her affection .
I must not quarrel with a spirit of forbearance which has been so richly extended towards myself ; but , otherwise , I should loudly protest against the share of it which that woman has known .-- ` Jane ,' indeed !-- You will observe that I have not yet indulged myself in calling her by that name , even to you .
Think , then , what I must have endured in hearing it bandied between the Eltons with all the vulgarity of needless repetition , and all the insolence of imaginary superiority .
I answered it within an hour ; but from the confusion of my mind , and the multiplicity of business falling on me at once , my answer , instead of being sent with all the many other letters of that day , was locked up in my writing - desk ; and I , trusting that I had written enough , though but a few lines , to satisfy her , remained without any uneasiness .-- I was rather disappointed that I did not hear from her again speedily ; but I made excuses for her , and was too busy , and -- may I add ?-- too cheerful in my views to be captious .-- We removed to Windsor ; and two days afterwards I received a parcel from her , my own letters all returned !-- and a few lines at the same time by the post , stating her extreme surprize at not having had the smallest reply to her last ; and adding , that as silence on such a point could not be misconstrued , and as it must be equally desirable to both to have every subordinate arrangement concluded as soon as possible , she now sent me , by a safe conveyance , all my letters , and requested , that if I could not directly command hers , so as to send them to Highbury within a week , I would forward them after that period to her at --: in short , the full direction to Mr . Smallridge ' s , near Bristol , stared me in the face .
For the world would not she have seemed to threaten me .-- Imagine the shock ; imagine how , till I had actually detected my own blunder , I raved at the blunders of the post .-- What was to be done ?-- One thing only .-- I must speak to my uncle .
with a deep sigh , that he wished I might find as much happiness in the marriage state as he had done .-- I felt that it would be of a different sort .-- Are you disposed to pity me for what I must have suffered in opening the cause to him , for my suspense while all was at stake ?-- No ; do not pity me till I reached Highbury , and saw how ill I had made her .
This letter must make its way to Emma ' s feelings .
As soon as she came to her own name , it was irresistible ; every line relating to herself was interesting , and almost every line agreeable ; and when this charm ceased , the subject could still maintain itself , by the natural return of her former regard for the writer , and the very strong attraction which any picture of love must have for her at that moment .
She never stopt till she had gone through the whole ; and though it was impossible not to feel that he had been wrong , yet he had been less wrong than she had supposed -- and he had suffered , and was very sorry -- and he was so grateful to Mrs . Weston , and so much in love with Miss Fairfax , and she was so happy herself , that there was no being severe ; and could he have entered the room , she must have shaken hands with him as heartily as ever .
Mr . Weston was to call in the evening , and she must return it by him .
One man ' s style must not be the rule of another ' s .
And having gone through what immediately followed of the basis of their disagreement , and his persisting to act in direct opposition to Jane Fairfax ' s sense of right , he made a fuller pause to say , " This is very bad .-- He had induced her to place herself , for his sake , in a situation of extreme difficulty and uneasiness , and it should have been his first object to prevent her from suffering unnecessarily .-- She must have had much more to contend with , in carrying on the correspondence , than he could .
We must look to her one fault , and remember that she had done a wrong thing in consenting to the engagement , to bear that she should have been in such a state of punishment ."
actually resolve to break with him entirely !-- She felt the engagement to be a source of repentance and misery to each -- she dissolved it .-- What a view this gives of her sense of his behaviour !-- Well , he must be a most extraordinary --"
" You do not appear so well satisfied with his letter as I am ; but still you must , at least I hope you must , think the better of him for it .
" While her dear father lived , any change of condition must be impossible for her .
He had been thinking it over most deeply , most intently ; he had at first hoped to induce Mr . Woodhouse to remove with her to Donwell ; he had wanted to believe it feasible , but his knowledge of Mr . Woodhouse would not suffer him to deceive himself long ; and now he confessed his persuasion , that such a transplantation would be a risk of her father ' s comfort , perhaps even of his life , which must not be hazarded .
She felt that , in quitting Donwell , he must be sacrificing a great deal of independence of hours and habits ; that in living constantly with her father , and in no house of his own , there would be much , very much , to be borne with .
You must get his consent before you ask mine ."
Think she must of the possible difference to the poor little boy ; and yet she only gave herself a saucy conscious smile about it , and found amusement in detecting the real cause of that violent dislike of Mr . Knightley ' s marrying Jane Fairfax , or any body else , which at the time she had wholly imputed to the amiable solicitude of the sister and the aunt .
Such a companion for herself in the periods of anxiety and cheerlessness before her !-- Such a partner in all those duties and cares to which time must be giving increase of melancholy !
She would have been too happy but for poor Harriet ; but every blessing of her own seemed to involve and advance the sufferings of her friend , who must now be even excluded from Hartfield .
The delightful family party which Emma was securing for herself , poor Harriet must , in mere charitable caution , be kept at a distance from .
The difference of Harriet at Mrs . Goddard ' s , or in London , made perhaps an unreasonable difference in Emma ' s sensations ; but she could not think of her in London without objects of curiosity and employment , which must be averting the past , and carrying her out of herself .
What say you both to our collecting the same party , and exploring to Box Hill again , while the fine weather lasts ?-- It must be the same party , you know , quite the same party , not _one_ exception ."
His civilities to the other ladies must be paid ; but his subsequent object was to lament over himself for the heat he was suffering , and the walk he had had for nothing .
The very last person whom one should expect to be forgotten !-- My dear Mr . E ., he must have left a message for you , I am sure he must .-- Not even Knightley could be so very eccentric ;-- and his servants forgot it .
" You are very kind , but I know what my manners were to you .-- So cold and artificial !-- I had always a part to act .-- It was a life of deceit !-- I know that I must have disgusted you ."
We must do whatever is to be done quickest , and I think our feelings will lose no time there .
" Nothing can be actually settled yet , perhaps ," replied Emma , smiling --" but , excuse me , it must be thought of ."
There must be three months , at least , of deep mourning ; but when they are over , I imagine there will be nothing more to wait for ."
You must have done well .
The time was coming when the news must spread farther , and other persons ' reception of it tried .
As soon as Mrs . Weston was sufficiently recovered to admit Mr . Woodhouse ' s visits , Emma having it in view that her gentle reasonings should be employed in the cause , resolved first to announce it at home , and then at Randalls .-- But how to break it to her father at last !-- She had bound herself to do it , in such an hour of Mr . Knightley ' s absence , or when it came to the point her heart would have failed her , and she must have put it off ; but Mr . Knightley was to come at such a time , and follow up the beginning she was to make .-- She was forced to speak , and to speak cheerfully too .
She must not make it a more decided subject of misery to him , by a melancholy tone herself .
She must not appear to think it a misfortune .-- With all the spirits she could command , she prepared him first for something strange , and then , in a few words , said , that if his consent and approbation could be obtained -- which , she trusted , would be attended with no difficulty , since it was a plan to promote the happiness of all -- she and Mr . Knightley meant to marry ; by which means Hartfield would receive the constant addition of that person ' s company whom she knew he loved , next to his daughters and Mrs . Weston , best in the world .
Emma hung about him affectionately , and smiled , and said it must be so ; and that he must not class her with Isabella and Mrs . Weston , whose marriages taking them from Hartfield , had , indeed , made a melancholy change : but she was not going from Hartfield ; she should be always there ; she was introducing no change in their numbers or their comforts but for the better ; and she was very sure that he would be a great deal the happier for having Mr . Knightley always at hand , when he were once got used to the idea .-- Did he not love Mr . Knightley very much ?-- He would not deny that he did , she was sure .-- Whom did he ever want to consult on business but Mr .
Mr . Woodhouse could not be soon reconciled ; but the worst was overcome , the idea was given ; time and continual repetition must do the rest .-- To Emma ' s entreaties and assurances succeeded Mr . Knightley ' s , whose fond praise of her gave the subject even a kind of welcome ; and he was soon used to be talked to by each , on every fair occasion .-- They had all the assistance which Isabella could give , by letters of the strongest approbation ; and Mrs . Weston was ready , on the first meeting , to consider the subject in the most serviceable light -- first , as a settled , and , secondly , as a good one -- well aware of the nearly equal importance of the two recommendations to Mr . Woodhouse ' s mind .-- It was agreed upon , as what was to be ; and every body by whom he was used to be guided assuring him that it would be for his happiness ; and having some feelings himself which almost admitted it , he began to think that some time or other -- in another year or two , perhaps -- it might not be so very bad if the marriage did take place .
Was not she like a daughter , his eldest daughter ?-- he must tell her ; and Miss Bates being present , it passed , of course , to Mrs . Cole , Mrs . Perry , and Mrs . Elton , immediately afterwards .
It was an alarming change ; and Emma was thinking of it one morning , as what must bring a great deal to agitate and grieve her , when Mr . Knightley came in , and distressing thoughts were put by .
-- Then having recourse to her workbasket , in excuse for leaning down her face , and concealing all the exquisite feelings of delight and entertainment which she knew she must be expressing , she added , " Well , now tell me every thing ; make this intelligible to me .
Your friend Harriet will make a much longer history when you see her .-- She will give you all the minute particulars , which only woman ' s language can make interesting .-- In our communications we deal only in the great .-- However , I must say , that Robert Martin ' s heart seemed for _him_ , and to _me_ , very overflowing ; and that he did mention , without its being much to the purpose , that on quitting their box at Astley ' s , my brother took charge of Mrs . John Knightley and little John , and he followed with Miss Smith and Henry ; and that at one time they were in such a crowd , as to make Miss Smith rather uneasy ."
She must wait a moment , or he would think her mad .
His situation is an evil -- but you must consider it as what satisfies your friend ; and I will answer for your thinking better and better of him as you know him more .
I always deserve the best treatment , because I never put up with any other ; and , therefore , you must give me a plain , direct answer .
" I am quite sure ," he replied , speaking very distinctly , " that he told me she had accepted him ; and that there was no obscurity , nothing doubtful , in the words he used ; and I think I can give you a proof that it must be so .
You must have seen that I did .
She must laugh at such a close !
But what did such particulars explain ?-- The fact was , as Emma could now acknowledge , that Harriet had always liked Robert Martin ; and that his continuing to love her had been irresistible .-- Beyond this , it must ever be unintelligible to Emma .
Harriet , necessarily drawn away by her engagements with the Martins , was less and less at Hartfield ; which was not to be regretted .-- The intimacy between her and Emma must sink ; their friendship must change into a calmer sort of goodwill ; and , fortunately , what ought to be , and must be , seemed already beginning , and in the most gradual , natural manner .
While either of them protected him and his , Hartfield was safe .-- But Mr . John Knightley must be in London again by the end of the first week in November .
His good looks and his rank had one fair claim on his attachment ; since to them he must have owed a wife of very superior character to any thing deserved by his own .
Mary had acquired a little artificial importance , by becoming Mrs Charles Musgrove ; but Anne , with an elegance of mind and sweetness of character , which must have placed her high with any people of real understanding , was nobody with either father or sister ; her word had no weight , her convenience was always to give way -- she was only Anne .
All equality of alliance must rest with Elizabeth , for Mary had merely connected herself with an old country family of respectability and large fortune , and had therefore given all the honour and received none : Elizabeth would , one day or other , marry suitably .
She had had a disappointment , moreover , which that book , and especially the history of her own family , must ever present the remembrance of .
As the head of the house , he felt that he ought to have been consulted , especially after taking the young man so publicly by the hand ; " For they must have been seen together ," he observed , " once at Tattersall ' s , and twice in the lobby of the House of Commons ."
They must retrench ; that did not admit of a doubt .
We must be serious and decided ; for after all , the person who has contracted debts must pay them ; and though a great deal is due to the feelings of the gentleman , and the head of a house , like your father , there is still more due to the character of an honest man ."
Anne herself would have found the mortifications of it more than she foresaw , and to Sir Walter ' s feelings they must have been dreadful .
Lady Russell was fond of Bath , in short , and disposed to think it must suit them all ; and as to her young friend ' s health , by passing all the warm months with her at Kellynch Lodge , every danger would be avoided ; and it was in fact , a change which must do both health and spirits good .
" I must take leave to observe , Sir Walter ," said Mr Shepherd one morning at Kellynch Hall , as he laid down the newspaper , " that the present juncture is much in our favour .
Mr Shepherd laughed , as he knew he must , at this wit , and then added --
Therefore , Sir Walter , what I would take leave to suggest is , that if in consequence of any rumours getting abroad of your intention ; which must be contemplated as a possible thing , because we know how difficult it is to keep the actions and designs of one part of the world from the notice and curiosity of the other ; consequence has its tax ; I , John Shepherd , might conceal any family - matters that I chose , for nobody would think it worth their while to observe me ; but Sir Walter Elliot has eyes upon him which it may be very difficult to elude ; and therefore , thus much I venture upon , that it will not greatly surprise me if , with all our caution , some rumour of the truth should get abroad ; in the supposition of which , as I was going to observe , since applications will unquestionably follow , I should think any from our wealthy naval commanders particularly worth attending to ; and beg leave to add , that two hours will bring me over at any time , to save you the trouble of replying ."
Sailors work hard enough for their comforts , we must all allow ."
Mr Shepherd hastened to assure him , that Admiral Croft was a very hale , hearty , well - looking man , a little weather - beaten , to be sure , but not much , and quite the gentleman in all his notions and behaviour ; not likely to make the smallest difficulty about terms , only wanted a comfortable home , and to get into it as soon as possible ; knew he must pay for his convenience ; knew what rent a ready - furnished house of that consequence might fetch ; should not have been surprised if Sir Walter had asked more ; had inquired about the manor ; would be glad of the deputation , certainly , but made no great point of it ; said he sometimes took out a gun , but never killed ; quite the gentleman .
It succeeded , however ; and though Sir Walter must ever look with an evil eye on anyone intending to inhabit that house , and think them infinitely too well off in being permitted to rent it on the highest terms , he was talked into allowing Mr Shepherd to proceed in the treaty , and authorising him to wait on Admiral Croft , who still remained at Taunton , and fix a day for the house being seen .
In all their dealings and intercourse , Sir Walter Elliot must ever have the precedence .
It must not be , if by any fair interference of friendship , any representations from one who had almost a mother ' s love , and mother ' s rights , it would be prevented .
Such confidence , powerful in its own warmth , and bewitching in the wit which often expressed it , must have been enough for Anne ; but Lady Russell saw it very differently .
He had distinguished himself , and early gained the other step in rank , and must now , by successive captures , have made a handsome fortune .
With these supports , she hoped that the acquaintance between herself and the Crofts , which , with Lady Russell , still resident in Kellynch , and Mary fixed only three miles off , must be anticipated , need not involve any particular awkwardness .
Lady Russell , convinced that Anne would not be allowed to be of any use , or any importance , in the choice of the house which they were going to secure , was very unwilling to have her hurried away so soon , and wanted to make it possible for her to stay behind till she might convey her to Bath herself after Christmas ; but having engagements of her own which must take her from Kellynch for several weeks , she was unable to give the full invitation she wished , and Anne though dreading the possible heats of September in all the white glare of Bath , and grieving to forego all the influence so sweet and so sad of the autumnal months in the country , did not think that , everything considered , she wished to remain .
It would be most right , and most wise , and , therefore must involve least suffering to go with the others .
One would imagine you had never heard my father speak of her personal misfortunes , though I know you must fifty times .
You must have heard him notice Mrs Clay ' s freckles ."
It was painful to look upon their deserted grounds , and still worse to anticipate the new hands they were to fall into ; and to escape the solitariness and the melancholy of so altered a village , and be out of the way when Admiral and Mrs Croft first arrived , she had determined to make her own absence from home begin when she must give up Anne .
You wrote in the cheerfullest manner , and said you were perfectly well , and in no hurry for me ; and that being the case , you must be aware that my wish would be to remain with Lady Russell to the last : and besides what I felt on her account , I have really been so busy , have had so much to do , that I could not very conveniently have left Kellynch sooner ."
I have made no enquiries , because I concluded you must have been obliged to give up the party ."
She had never been staying there before , without being struck by it , or without wishing that other Elliots could have her advantage in seeing how unknown , or unconsidered there , were the affairs which at Kellynch Hall were treated as of such general publicity and pervading interest ; yet , with all this experience , she believed she must now submit to feel that another lesson , in the art of knowing our own nothingness beyond our own circle , was become necessary for her ; for certainly , coming as she did , with a heart full of the subject which had been completely occupying both houses in Kellynch for many weeks , she had expected rather more curiosity and sympathy than she found in the separate but very similar remark of Mr and Mrs Musgrove : " So , Miss Anne , Sir Walter and your sister are gone ; and what part of Bath do you think they will settle in ?"
and this , without much waiting for an answer ; or in the young ladies ' addition of , " I hope we shall be in Bath in the winter ; but remember , papa , if we do go , we must be in a good situation : none of your Queen Squares for us !"
Michaelmas came ; and now Anne ' s heart must be in Kellynch again .
He was cut short by the eager attacks of the little boys , clinging to him like an old friend , and declaring he should not go ; and being too much engrossed by proposals of carrying them away in his coat pockets , & c ., to have another moment for finishing or recollecting what he had begun , Anne was left to persuade herself , as well as she could , that the same brother must still be in question .
And upon looking over his letters and things , she found it was so , and is perfectly sure that this must be the very man , and her head is quite full of it , and of poor Richard !
So we must be as merry as we can , that she may not be dwelling upon such gloomy things ."
She found , however , that it was one to which she must inure herself .
Since he actually was expected in the country , she must teach herself to be insensible on such points .
But a week must pass ; only a week , in Anne ' s reckoning , and then , she supposed , they must meet ; and soon she began to wish that she could feel secure even for a week .
She and Mary were actually setting forward for the Great House , where , as she afterwards learnt , they must inevitably have found him , when they were stopped by the eldest boy ' s being at that moment brought home in consequence of a bad fall .
It must be a work of time to ascertain that no injury had been done to the spine ; but Mr Robinson found nothing to increase alarm , and Charles Musgrove began , consequently , to feel no necessity for longer confinement .
I must say it is very unfeeling of him to be running away from his poor little boy .
He must be either indifferent or unwilling .
Events of every description , changes , alienations , removals -- all , all must be comprised in it , and oblivion of the past -- how natural , how certain too !
They were of sobering tendency ; they allayed agitation ; they composed , and consequently must make her happier .
" Something a little inferior I shall of course put up with , but it must not be much .
Whether former feelings were to be renewed must be brought to the proof ; former times must undoubtedly be brought to the recollection of each ; they could not but be reverted to ; the year of their engagement could not but be named by him , in the little narratives or descriptions which conversation called forth .
There must be the same immediate association of thought , though she was very far from conceiving it to be of equal pain .
He knows there must have been twenty better men than himself applying for her at the same time .
" But , Captain Wentworth ," cried Louisa , " how vexed you must have been when you came to the Asp , to see what an old thing they had given you ."
" What a great traveller you must have been , ma ' am !"
Once she felt that he was looking at herself , observing her altered features , perhaps , trying to trace in them the ruins of the face which had once charmed him ; and once she knew that he must have spoken of her ; she was hardly aware of it , till she heard the answer ; but then she was sure of his having asked his partner whether Miss Elliot never danced ?
With regard to Charles Hayter , she had delicacy which must be pained by any lightness of conduct in a well - meaning young woman , and a heart to sympathize in any of the sufferings it occasioned ; but if Henrietta found herself mistaken in the nature of her feelings , the alternation could not be understood too soon .
It did not appear to me that -- in short , you know , Dr Shirley must have a curate , and you had secured his promise .
It was a little fever of admiration ; but it might , probably must , end in love with some .
He was only wrong in accepting the attentions ( for accepting must be the word ) of two young women at once .
Her pleasure in the walk must arise from the exercise and the day , from the view of the last smiles of the year upon the tawny leaves , and withered hedges , and from repeating to herself some few of the thousand poetical descriptions extant of autumn , that season of peculiar and inexhaustible influence on the mind of taste and tenderness , that season which had drawn from every poet , worthy of being read , some attempt at description , or some lines of feeling .
She saw how her own character was considered by Captain Wentworth , and there had been just that degree of feeling and curiosity about her in his manner which must give her extreme agitation .
You must , indeed , you must ."
It would place her in the same village with Captain Wentworth , within half a mile of him ; they would have to frequent the same church , and there must be intercourse between the two families .
This was against her ; but on the other hand , he spent so much of his time at Uppercross , that in removing thence she might be considered rather as leaving him behind , than as going towards him ; and , upon the whole , she believed she must , on this interesting question , be the gainer , almost as certainly as in her change of domestic society , in leaving poor Mary for Lady Russell .
The rooms were shut up , the lodgers almost all gone , scarcely any family but of the residents left ; and , as there is nothing to admire in the buildings themselves , the remarkable situation of the town , the principal street almost hurrying into the water , the walk to the Cobb , skirting round the pleasant little bay , which , in the season , is animated with bathing machines and company ; the Cobb itself , its old wonders and new improvements , with the very beautiful line of cliffs stretching out to the east of the town , are what the stranger ' s eye will seek ; and a very strange stranger it must be , who does not see charms in the immediate environs of Lyme , to make him wish to know it better .
The scenes in its neighbourhood , Charmouth , with its high grounds and extensive sweeps of country , and still more , its sweet , retired bay , backed by dark cliffs , where fragments of low rock among the sands , make it the happiest spot for watching the flow of the tide , for sitting in unwearied contemplation ; the woody varieties of the cheerful village of Up Lyme ; and , above all , Pinny , with its green chasms between romantic rocks , where the scattered forest trees and orchards of luxuriant growth , declare that many a generation must have passed away since the first partial falling of the cliff prepared the ground for such a state , where a scene so wonderful and so lovely is exhibited , as may more than equal any of the resembling scenes of the far - famed Isle of Wight : these places must be visited , and visited again , to make the worth of Lyme understood .
The party from Uppercross passing down by the now deserted and melancholy looking rooms , and still descending , soon found themselves on the sea - shore ; and lingering only , as all must linger and gaze on a first return to the sea , who ever deserved to look on it at all , proceeded towards the Cobb , equally their object in itself and on Captain Wentworth ' s account : for in a small house , near the foot of an old pier of unknown date , were the Harvilles settled .
Captain Benwick had some time ago been first lieutenant of the Laconia ; and the account which Captain Wentworth had given of him , on his return from Lyme before , his warm praise of him as an excellent young man and an officer , whom he had always valued highly , which must have stamped him well in the esteem of every listener , had been followed by a little history of his private life , which rendered him perfectly interesting in the eyes of all the ladies .
He considered his disposition as of the sort which must suffer heavily , uniting very strong feelings with quiet , serious , and retiring manners , and a decided taste for reading , and sedentary pursuits .
He is so very strict and scrupulous in his notions ; over - scrupulous I must say .
It was a gentleman ' s carriage , a curricle , but only coming round from the stable - yard to the front door ; somebody must be going away .
cried Mary ; " it must be our cousin ; it must be our Mr Elliot , it must , indeed !
Charles , Anne , must not it ?
In mourning , you see , just as our Mr Elliot must be .
Anne , must not it be our Mr Elliot ?
" Putting all these very extraordinary circumstances together ," said Captain Wentworth , " we must consider it to be the arrangement of Providence , that you should not be introduced to your cousin ."
She would not , upon any account , mention her having met with him the second time ; luckily Mary did not much attend to their having passed close by him in their earlier walk , but she would have felt quite ill - used by Anne ' s having actually run against him in the passage , and received his very polite excuses , while she had never been near him at all ; no , that cousinly little interview must remain a perfect secret .
" No ," said Anne , " that I can easily believe to be impossible ; but in time , perhaps -- we know what time does in every case of affliction , and you must remember , Captain Harville , that your friend may yet be called a young mourner -- only last summer , I understand ."
There the news must follow him , but who was to tell it ?
There was too much wind to make the high part of the new Cobb pleasant for the ladies , and they agreed to get down the steps to the lower , and all were contented to pass quietly and carefully down the steep flight , excepting Louisa ; she must be jumped down them by Captain Wentworth .
She must be taken to their house ; all must go to their house ; and await the surgeon ' s arrival there .
That he did not regard it as a desperate case , that he did not say a few hours must end it , was at first felt , beyond the hope of most ; and the ecstasy of such a reprieve , the rejoicing , deep and silent , after a few fervent ejaculations of gratitude to Heaven had been offered , may be conceived .
That Louisa must remain where she was , however distressing to her friends to be involving the Harvilles in such trouble , did not admit a doubt .
Captain Benwick must give up his room to them , and get another bed elsewhere ; and the whole was settled .
" We must be decided , and without the loss of another minute .
Some one must resolve on being off for Uppercross instantly .
Musgrove , either you or I must go ."
Anne had never submitted more reluctantly to the jealous and ill - judging claims of Mary ; but so it must be , and they set off for the town , Charles taking care of his sister , and Captain Benwick attending to her .
Captain Wentworth was on the watch for them , and a chaise and four in waiting , stationed for their convenience in the lowest part of the street ; but his evident surprise and vexation at the substitution of one sister for the other , the change in his countenance , the astonishment , the expressions begun and suppressed , with which Charles was listened to , made but a mortifying reception of Anne ; or must at least convince her that she was valued only as she could be useful to Louisa .
She must not appear at first .
A speedy cure must not be hoped , but everything was going on as well as the nature of the case admitted .
They must be taking off some trouble from the good people she was with ; they might at least relieve Mrs Harville from the care of her own children ; and in short , they were so happy in the decision , that Anne was delighted with what she had done , and felt that she could not spend her last morning at Uppercross better than in assisting their preparations , and sending them off at an early hour , though her being left to the solitary range of the house was the consequence .
They must speak of the accident at Lyme .
Lady Russell had not been arrived five minutes the day before , when a full account of the whole had burst on her ; but still it must be talked of , she must make enquiries , she must regret the imprudence , lament the result , and Captain Wentworth ' s name must be mentioned by both .
At the end of that period , Lady Russell ' s politeness could repose no longer , and the fainter self - threatenings of the past became in a decided tone , " I must call on Mrs Croft ; I really must call upon her soon .
These convictions must unquestionably have their own pain , and severe was its kind ; but they precluded that pain which Lady Russell would suffer in entering the house again , and returning through the well - known apartments .
" Now , this must be very bad for you ," said he , suddenly rousing from a little reverie , " to be coming and finding us here .
I had not recollected it before , I declare , but it must be very bad .
And so you must judge for yourself , whether it would be better for you to go about the house or not ."
Indeed , I must do ourselves the justice to say , that the few alterations we have made have been all very much for the better .
A very good man , and very much the gentleman I am sure : but I should think , Miss Elliot ," ( looking with serious reflection ), " I should think he must be rather a dressy man for his time of life .
They had left Louisa beginning to sit up ; but her head , though clear , was exceedingly weak , and her nerves susceptible to the highest extreme of tenderness ; and though she might be pronounced to be altogether doing very well , it was still impossible to say when she might be able to bear the removal home ; and her father and mother , who must return in time to receive their younger children for the Christmas holidays , had hardly a hope of being allowed to bring her with them .
But Mary did not give into it very graciously , whether from not considering Captain Benwick entitled by birth and situation to be in love with an Elliot , or from not wanting to believe Anne a greater attraction to Uppercross than herself , must be left to be guessed .
" I must see Captain Benwick before I decide ," said Lady Russell , smiling .
Anne , judging from her own temperament , would have deemed such a domestic hurricane a bad restorative of the nerves , which Louisa ' s illness must have so greatly shaken .
If he really sought to reconcile himself like a dutiful branch , he must be forgiven for having dismembered himself from the paternal tree .
After laying out for some compliments of being deeply regretted in their old neighbourhood , which Anne could not pay , they had only a few faint enquiries to make , before the talk must be all their own .
She might not wonder , but she must sigh that her father should feel no degradation in his change , should see nothing to regret in the duties and dignity of the resident landholder , should find so much to be vain of in the littlenesses of a town ; and she must sigh , and smile , and wonder too , as Elizabeth threw open the folding - doors and walked with exultation from one drawing - room to the other , boasting of their space ; at the possibility of that woman , who had been mistress of Kellynch Hall , finding extent to be proud of between two walls , perhaps thirty feet asunder .
He was astonished , indeed , but his character and general conduct must refute it .
Allowances , large allowances , she knew , must be made for the ideas of those who spoke .
He did justice to his very gentlemanlike appearance , his air of elegance and fashion , his good shaped face , his sensible eye ; but , at the same time , " must lament his being very much under - hung , a defect which time seemed to have increased ; nor could he pretend to say that ten years had not altered almost every feature for the worse .
no , that must have been quite accidental .
Anne drew a little back , while the others received his compliments , and her sister his apologies for calling at so unusual an hour , but " he could not be so near without wishing to know that neither she nor her friend had taken cold the day before ," & c . & c ; which was all as politely done , and as politely taken , as possible , but her part must follow then .
Sir Walter talked of his youngest daughter ; " Mr Elliot must give him leave to present him to his youngest daughter " ( there was no occasion for remembering Mary ); and Anne , smiling and blushing , very becomingly shewed to Mr Elliot the pretty features which he had by no means forgotten , and instantly saw , with amusement at his little start of surprise , that he had not been at all aware of who she was .
He had spent his whole solitary evening in the room adjoining theirs ; had heard voices , mirth continually ; thought they must be a most delightful set of people , longed to be with them , but certainly without the smallest suspicion of his possessing the shadow of a right to introduce himself .
But he must not be addressing his reflections to Anne alone : he knew it ; he was soon diffused again among the others , and it was only at intervals that he could return to Lyme .
Having alluded to " an accident ," he must hear the whole .
She could only compare Mr Elliot to Lady Russell , in the wish of really comprehending what had passed , and in the degree of concern for what she must have suffered in witnessing it .
She could imagine Mrs Clay to have said , that " now Miss Anne was come , she could not suppose herself at all wanted ;" for Elizabeth was replying in a sort of whisper , " That must not be any reason , indeed .
She is nothing to me , compared with you ;" and she was in full time to hear her father say , " My dear madam , this must not be .
You must not run away from us now .
You must stay to be acquainted with Mrs Wallis , the beautiful Mrs Wallis .
But everything must take its chance .
It was a reference to the future , which Anne , after a little observation , felt she must submit to .
In that house Elizabeth must be first ; and she was in the habit of such general observance as " Miss Elliot ," that any particularity of attention seemed almost impossible .
Mr Elliot , too , it must be remembered , had not been a widower seven months .
It was not merely complaisance , it must be a liking to the cause , which made him enter warmly into her father and sister ' s solicitudes on a subject which she thought unworthy to excite them .
Anne had never seen her father and sister before in contact with nobility , and she must acknowledge herself disappointed .
You may depend upon it , that they will move in the first set in Bath this winter , and as rank is rank , your being known to be related to them will have its use in fixing your family ( our family let me say ) in that degree of consideration which we must all wish for ."
In one point , I am sure , my dear cousin ," ( he continued , speaking lower , though there was no one else in the room ) " in one point , I am sure , we must feel alike .
We must feel that every addition to your father ' s society , among his equals or superiors , may be of use in diverting his thoughts from those who are beneath him ."
Anne had gone unhappy to school , grieving for the loss of a mother whom she had dearly loved , feeling her separation from home , and suffering as a girl of fourteen , of strong sensibility and not high spirits , must suffer at such a time ; and Miss Hamilton , three years older than herself , but still from the want of near relations and a settled home , remaining another year at school , had been useful and good to her in a way which had considerably lessened her misery , and could never be remembered with indifference .
What instances must pass before them of ardent , disinterested , self - denying attachment , of heroism , fortitude , patience , resignation : of all the conflicts and all the sacrifices that ennoble us most .
" Westgate Buildings must have been rather surprised by the appearance of a carriage drawn up near its pavement ," observed Sir Walter .
To her , its greatest interest must be , in having been very much talked of between her friend and Mr Elliot ; in having been wished for , regretted , and at the same time honoured for staying away in such a cause .
A most suitable connection everybody must consider it , but I think it might be a very happy one ."
The Crofts must be in Bath !
You must be a great deal too happy to care for Uppercross , which , as you well know , affords little to write about .
Mrs Harville must be an odd mother to part with them so long .
They had been thrown together several weeks ; they had been living in the same small family party : since Henrietta ' s coming away , they must have been depending almost entirely on each other , and Louisa , just recovering from illness , had been in an interesting state , and Captain Benwick was not inconsolable .
He must love somebody .
What queer fellows your fine painters must be , to think that anybody would venture their lives in such a shapeless old cockleshell as that ?
And yet here are two gentlemen stuck up in it mightily at their ease , and looking about them at the rocks and mountains , as if they were not to be upset the next moment , which they certainly must be .
She hoped when clear of Milsom Street to have her curiosity gratified ; but she was still obliged to wait , for the Admiral had made up his mind not to begin till they had gained the greater space and quiet of Belmont ; and as she was not really Mrs Croft , she must let him have his own way .
But first of all , you must tell me the name of the young lady I am going to talk about .
The only wonder was , what they could be waiting for , till the business at Lyme came ; then , indeed , it was clear enough that they must wait till her brain was set to right .
" Now he must begin all over again with somebody else .
I think we must get him to Bath .
Sophy must write , and beg him to come to Bath .
Whoever suffered inconvenience , she must suffer none , but it occupied a little time to settle the point of civility between the other two .
Captain Wentworth must be out of sight .
She was sent back , however , in a moment by the entrance of Captain Wentworth himself , among a party of gentlemen and ladies , evidently his acquaintance , and whom he must have joined a little below Milsom Street .
It was beginning to rain again , and altogether there was a delay , and a bustle , and a talking , which must make all the little crowd in the shop understand that Lady Dalrymple was calling to convey Miss Elliot .
she must confess to herself that she was not wise yet .
She looked at her however , from time to time , anxiously ; and when the moment approached which must point him out , though not daring to look again ( for her own countenance she knew was unfit to be seen ), she was yet perfectly conscious of Lady Russell ' s eyes being turned exactly in the direction for him -- of her being , in short , intently observing him .
She could thoroughly comprehend the sort of fascination he must possess over Lady Russell ' s mind , the difficulty it must be for her to withdraw her eyes , the astonishment she must be feeling that eight or nine years should have passed over him , and in foreign climes and in active service too , without robbing him of one personal grace !
Of course they must attend .
Sir Walter , his two daughters , and Mrs Clay , were the earliest of all their party at the rooms in the evening ; and as Lady Dalrymple must be waited for , they took their station by one of the fires in the Octagon Room .
She could not distinguish , but she must guess the subject ; and on Captain Wentworth ' s making a distant bow , she comprehended that her father had judged so well as to give him that simple acknowledgement of acquaintance , and she was just in time by a side glance to see a slight curtsey from Elizabeth herself .
I am afraid you must have suffered from the shock , and the more from its not overpowering you at the time ."
and he passed his hand across his eyes , as if the remembrance were still too painful , but in a moment , half smiling again , added , " The day has produced some effects however ; has had some consequences which must be considered as the very reverse of frightful .
I should have thought your last impressions of Lyme must have been strong disgust ."
Their interesting , almost too interesting conversation must be broken up for a time , but slight was the penance compared with the happiness which brought it on !
He must love her .
When their places were determined on , and they were all properly arranged , she looked round to see if he should happen to be in the same part of the room , but he was not ; her eye could not reach him ; and the concert being just opening , she must consent for a time to be happy in a humbler way .
" This ," said she , " is nearly the sense , or rather the meaning of the words , for certainly the sense of an Italian love - song must not be talked of , but it is as nearly the meaning as I can give ; for I do not pretend to understand the language .
She felt that something must be the matter .
He began by speaking of the concert gravely , more like the Captain Wentworth of Uppercross ; owned himself disappointed , had expected singing ; and in short , must confess that he should not be sorry when it was over .
He begged her pardon , but she must be applied to , to explain Italian again .
" He must wish her good night ; he was going ; he should get home as fast as he could ."
She never misses , I know ; and you must have seen her .
She must have been in your own circle ; for as you went with Lady Dalrymple , you were in the seats of grandeur , round the orchestra , of course ."
But happily Lady Dalrymple always chooses to be farther off ; and we were exceedingly well placed , that is , for hearing ; I must not say for seeing , because I appear to have seen very little ."
It is really very good of you to come and sit with me , when you must have so many pleasanter demands upon your time ."
You must consider me only as Mr Elliot ' s relation .
Surely this must be calm enough .
You must allow for an injured , angry woman .
" This must have been about that very period of Mr Elliot ' s life ," said Anne , " which has always excited my particular curiosity .
It must have been about the same time that he became known to my father and sister .
I think differently now ; time and sickness and sorrow have given me other notions ; but at that period I must own I saw nothing reprehensible in what Mr Elliot was doing .
" Indeed , Mrs Smith , we must not expect to get real information in such a line .
The manoeuvres of selfishness and duplicity must ever be revolting , but I have heard nothing which really surprises me .
But since he must be absent some time or other , I do not perceive how he can ever be secure while she holds her present influence .
She must be allowed to be a favourer of matrimony , you know ; and ( since self will intrude ) who can say that she may not have some flying visions of attending the next Lady Elliot , through Mrs Wallis ' s recommendation ?"
I was willing to hope that you must fare better ."
Anne could just acknowledge within herself such a possibility of having been induced to marry him , as made her shudder at the idea of the misery which must have followed .
She was concerned for the disappointment and pain Lady Russell would be feeling ; for the mortifications which must be hanging over her father and sister , and had all the distress of foreseeing many evils , without knowing how to avert any one of them .
She must talk to Lady Russell , tell her , consult with her , and having done her best , wait the event with as much composure as possible ; and after all , her greatest want of composure would be in that quarter of the mind which could not be opened to Lady Russell ; in that flow of anxieties and fears which must be all to herself .
Anne admired the good acting of the friend , in being able to shew such pleasure as she did , in the expectation and in the actual arrival of the very person whose presence must really be interfering with her prime object .
It was impossible but that Mrs Clay must hate the sight of Mr Elliot ; and yet she could assume a most obliging , placid look , and appear quite satisfied with the curtailed license of devoting herself only half as much to Sir Walter as she would have done otherwise .
She had imagined such difficulties of fortune to exist there as must prevent the marriage from being near at hand ; but she learned from Charles that , very recently , ( since Mary ' s last letter to herself ), Charles Hayter had been applied to by a friend to hold a living for a youth who could not possibly claim it under many years ; and that on the strength of his present income , with almost a certainty of something more permanent long before the term in question , the two families had consented to the young people ' s wishes , and that their marriage was likely to take place in a few months , quite as soon as Louisa ' s .
She felt that Mrs Musgrove and all her party ought to be asked to dine with them ; but she could not bear to have the difference of style , the reduction of servants , which a dinner must betray , witnessed by those who had been always so inferior to the Elliots of Kellynch .
Her plan of sitting with Lady Russell must give way for the present .
It was impossible for her to have forgotten to feel that this arrival of their common friends must be soon bringing them together again .
She tried to be calm , and leave things to take their course , and tried to dwell much on this argument of rational dependence :-- " Surely , if there be constant attachment on each side , our hearts must understand each other ere long .
" But you must go , Charles .
Her faith was plighted , and Mr Elliot ' s character , like the Sultaness Scheherazade ' s head , must live another day .
If the change be not from outward circumstances , it must be from within ; it must be nature , man ' s nature , which has done the business for Captain Benwick ."
Mrs Musgrove had little arrangements of her own at her own table ; to their protection she must trust , and sinking into the chair which he had occupied , succeeding to the very spot where he had leaned and written , her eyes devoured the following words :
I must speak to you by such means as are within my reach .
I had not waited even these ten days , could I have read your feelings , as I think you must have penetrated mine .
" I must go , uncertain of my fate ; but I shall return hither , or follow your party , as soon as possible .
She must not walk ."
She is rather done for this morning , and must not go so far without help , and I ought to be at that fellow ' s in the Market Place .
I had not considered that my excessive intimacy must have its danger of ill consequence in many ways ; and that I had no right to be trying whether I could attach myself to either of the girls , at the risk of raising even an unpleasant report , were there no other ill effects .
I had been grossly wrong , and must abide the consequences ."
He found too late , in short , that he had entangled himself ; and that precisely as he became fully satisfied of his not caring for Louisa at all , he must regard himself as bound to her , if her sentiments for him were what the Harvilles supposed .
" I have been thinking over the past , and trying impartially to judge of the right and wrong , I mean with regard to myself ; and I must believe that I was right , much as I suffered from it , that I was perfectly right in being guided by the friend whom you will love better than you do now .
" I must endeavour to subdue my mind to my fortune .
I must learn to brook being happier than I deserve ."
He was now esteemed quite worthy to address the daughter of a foolish , spendthrift baronet , who had not had principle or sense enough to maintain himself in the situation in which Providence had placed him , and who could give his daughter at present but a small part of the share of ten thousand pounds which must be hers hereafter .
Anne knew that Lady Russell must be suffering some pain in understanding and relinquishing Mr Elliot , and be making some struggles to become truly acquainted with , and do justice to Captain Wentworth .
She must learn to feel that she had been mistaken with regard to both ; that she had been unfairly influenced by appearances in each ; that because Captain Wentworth ' s manners had not suited her own ideas , she had been too quick in suspecting them to indicate a character of dangerous impetuosity ; and that because Mr Elliot ' s manners had precisely pleased her in their propriety and correctness , their general politeness and suavity , she had been too quick in receiving them as the certain result of the most correct opinions and well - regulated mind .
It was creditable to have a sister married , and she might flatter herself with having been greatly instrumental to the connexion , by keeping Anne with her in the autumn ; and as her own sister must be better than her husband ' s sisters , it was very agreeable that Captain Wentworth should be a richer man than either Captain Benwick or Charles Hayter .
They had their great cousins , to be sure , to resort to for comfort ; but they must long feel that to flatter and follow others , without being flattered and followed in turn , is but a state of half enjoyment .
She gloried in being a sailor ' s wife , but she must pay the tax of quick alarm for belonging to that profession which is , if possible , more distinguished in its domestic virtues than in its national importance .
No one could dispute her right to come ; the house was her husband ' s from the moment of his father ' s decease ; but the indelicacy of her conduct was so much the greater , and to a woman in Mrs . Dashwood ' s situation , with only common feelings , must have been highly unpleasing ;-- but in HER mind there was a sense of honor so keen , a generosity so romantic , that any offence of the kind , by whomsoever given or received , was to her a source of immoveable disgust .
Elinor , this eldest daughter , whose advice was so effectual , possessed a strength of understanding , and coolness of judgment , which qualified her , though only nineteen , to be the counsellor of her mother , and enabled her frequently to counteract , to the advantage of them all , that eagerness of mind in Mrs . Dashwood which must generally have led to imprudence .
But in sorrow she must be equally carried away by her fancy , and as far beyond consolation as in pleasure she was beyond alloy .
The promise , therefore , was given , and must be performed .
Something must be done for them whenever they leave Norland and settle in a new home ."
" But , however , ONE thing must be considered .
And I must say this : that you owe no particular gratitude to him , nor attention to his wishes ; for we very well know that if he could , he would have left almost everything in the world to THEM ."
To satisfy me , those characters must be united .
He must enter into all my feelings ; the same books , the same music must charm us both .
" Nay , Mamma , if he is not to be animated by Cowper !-- but we must allow for difference of taste .
He must have all Edward ' s virtues , and his person and manners must ornament his goodness with every possible charm ."
But farther than this you must not believe .
I shall not lose you so soon , and Edward will have greater opportunity of improving that natural taste for your favourite pursuit which must be so indispensably necessary to your future felicity .
But one must not expect every thing ; though I suppose it would be no difficult matter to widen them .
They were , of course , very anxious to see a person on whom so much of their comfort at Barton must depend ; and the elegance of her appearance was favourable to their wishes .
It must be so .
Colonel Brandon is certainly younger than Mrs . Jennings , but he is old enough to be MY father ; and if he were ever animated enough to be in love , must have long outlived every sensation of the kind .
" My dearest child ," said her mother , laughing , " at this rate you must be in continual terror of MY decay ; and it must seem to you a miracle that my life has been extended to the advanced age of forty ."
But I must object to your dooming Colonel Brandon and his wife to the constant confinement of a sick chamber , merely because he chanced to complain yesterday ( a very cold damp day ) of a slight rheumatic feel in one of his shoulders ."
" I have never mentioned it to her , but of course she must ."
Miss Marianne must not expect to have all the men to herself .
Encouraged by this to a further examination of his opinions , she proceeded to question him on the subject of books ; her favourite authors were brought forward and dwelt upon with so rapturous a delight , that any young man of five and twenty must have been insensible indeed , not to become an immediate convert to the excellence of such works , however disregarded before .
" My love ," said her mother , " you must not be offended with Elinor -- she was only in jest .
And in return for an acknowledgment , which must give me some pain , you cannot deny me the privilege of disliking him as much as ever ."
Without considering that it was not in her mother ' s plan to keep any horse , that if she were to alter her resolution in favour of this gift , she must buy another for the servant , and keep a servant to ride it , and after all , build a stable to receive them , she had accepted the present without hesitation , and told her sister of it in raptures .
But by an appeal to her affection for her mother , by representing the inconveniences which that indulgent mother must draw on herself , if ( as would probably be the case ) she consented to this increase of establishment , Marianne was shortly subdued ; and she promised not to tempt her mother to such imprudent kindness by mentioning the offer , and to tell Willoughby when she saw him next , that it must be declined .
When Mrs . Jennings attacked her one evening at the park , to give the name of the young man who was Elinor ' s particular favourite , which had been long a matter of great curiosity to her , Margaret answered by looking at her sister , and saying , " I must not tell , may I , Elinor ?"
" I must not tell , ma ' am .
" It must be something extraordinary that could make Colonel Brandon leave my breakfast table so suddenly ."
" We must go ," said Sir John .--" It shall not be put off when we are so near it .
" I hope we shall see you at Barton ," added her ladyship , " as soon as you can conveniently leave town ; and we must put off the party to Whitwell till you return ."
he must and shall come back ," cried Sir John .
" Then I must bid you farewell for a longer time than I should wish to do ."
I am sure you must have heard of her before .
When Sir John returned , he joined most heartily in the general regret on so unfortunate an event ; concluding however by observing , that as they were all got together , they must do something by way of being happy ; and after some consultation it was agreed , that although happiness could only be enjoyed at Whitwell , they might procure a tolerable composure of mind by driving about the country .
The sudden termination of Colonel Brandon ' s visit at the park , with his steadiness in concealing its cause , filled the mind , and raised the wonder of Mrs . Jennings for two or three days ; she was a great wonderer , as every one must be who takes a very lively interest in all the comings and goings of all their acquaintance .
She wondered , with little intermission what could be the reason of it ; was sure there must be some bad news , and thought over every kind of distress that could have befallen him , with a fixed determination that he should not escape them all .
" Something very melancholy must be the matter , I am sure ," said she .
I do think he must have been sent for about money matters , for what else can it be ?
It is not so very likely he should be distressed in his circumstances NOW , for he is a very prudent man , and to be sure must have cleared the estate by this time .
It was engrossed by the extraordinary silence of her sister and Willoughby on the subject , which they must know to be peculiarly interesting to them all .
Not a stone must be added to its walls , not an inch to its size , if my feelings are regarded ."
Must it not have been so , Marianne ?"
" I do not ask you to come in the morning , for we must walk to the park , to call on Lady Middleton ."
But Mrs . Smith must be obliged ;-- and her business will not detain you from us long I hope ."
And now , after only ten minutes notice -- Gone too without intending to return !-- Something more than what be owned to us must have happened .
YOU must have seen the difference as well as I .
It may be proper to conceal their engagement ( if they ARE engaged ) from Mrs . Smith -- and if that is the case , it must be highly expedient for Willoughby to be but little in Devonshire at present .
How is it to be supposed that Willoughby , persuaded as he must be of your sister ' s love , should leave her , and leave her perhaps for months , without telling her of his affection ;-- that they should part without a mutual exchange of confidence ?"
You must think wretchedly indeed of Willoughby , if , after all that has openly passed between them , you can doubt the nature of the terms on which they are together .
He must and does love her I am sure ."
" You must remember , my dear mother , that I have never considered this matter as certain .
It must be Willoughby therefore whom you suspect .
It is an engagement in some respects not prosperously begun , for their marriage must be at a very uncertain distance ; and even secrecy , as far as it can be observed , may now be very advisable ."
We have already agreed that secrecy may be necessary , and we must acknowledge that it could not be maintained if their correspondence were to pass through Sir John ' s hands ."
She began almost to feel a dislike of Edward ; and it ended , as every feeling must end with her , by carrying back her thoughts to Willoughby , whose manners formed a contrast sufficiently striking to those of his brother elect .
" It is a beautiful country ," he replied ; " but these bottoms must be dirty in winter ."
for famous you must be to satisfy all your family ; and with no inclination for expense , no affection for strangers , no profession , and no assurance , you may find it a difficult matter ."
I wish as well as every body else to be perfectly happy ; but , like every body else it must be in my own way .
YOUR competence and MY wealth are very much alike , I dare say ; and without them , as the world goes now , we shall both agree that every kind of external comfort must be wanting .
repeated Edward --" but why must you have hunters ?
" You must begin your improvements on this house ," observed Elinor , " and your difficulties will soon vanish ."
You must not confound my meaning .
I have frequently thought that I must have been intended by nature to be fond of low company , I am so little at my ease among strangers of gentility !"
This was a subject which ensured Marianne ' s attention , and she was beginning to describe her own admiration of these scenes , and to question him more minutely on the objects that had particularly struck him , when Edward interrupted her by saying , " You must not enquire too far , Marianne -- remember I have no knowledge in the picturesque , and I shall offend you by my ignorance and want of taste if we come to particulars .
You must be satisfied with such admiration as I can honestly give .
But , in return , your sister must allow me to feel no more than I profess .
That the hair was her own , she instantaneously felt as well satisfied as Marianne ; the only difference in their conclusions was , that what Marianne considered as a free gift from her sister , Elinor was conscious must have been procured by some theft or contrivance unknown to herself .
" You MUST drink tea with us to night ," said he , " for we shall be quite alone -- and tomorrow you must absolutely dine with us , for we shall be a large party ."
His spirits , during the last two or three days , though still very unequal , were greatly improved -- he grew more and more partial to the house and environs -- never spoke of going away without a sigh -- declared his time to be wholly disengaged -- even doubted to what place he should go when he left them -- but still , go he must .
He had no pleasure at Norland ; he detested being in town ; but either to Norland or London , he must go .
Yet , he must leave them at the end of a week , in spite of their wishes and his own , and without any restraint on his time .
You are in a melancholy humour , and fancy that any one unlike yourself must be happy .
Your mother will secure to you , in time , that independence you are so anxious for ; it is her duty , and it will , it must ere long become her happiness to prevent your whole youth from being wasted in discontent .
Her mind was inevitably at liberty ; her thoughts could not be chained elsewhere ; and the past and the future , on a subject so interesting , must be before her , must force her attention , and engross her memory , her reflection , and her fancy .
But Sir John would not be satisfied -- the carriage should be sent for them and they must come .
We must look for the change elsewhere ."
We must go , for the Westons come to us next week you know .
You must come , indeed .
" Oh , my love ," cried Mrs . Palmer to her husband , who just then entered the room --" you must help me to persuade the Miss Dashwoods to go to town this winter ."
continued Mrs . Palmer --" then it must be some other place that is so pretty I suppose ."
Charlotte laughed heartily to think that her husband could not get rid of her ; and exultingly said , she did not care how cross he was to her , as they must live together .
" But indeed you must and shall come .
Surely you must be mistaken .
for of course you must know , as you have been in Devonshire so lately .'"
Their being her relations too made it so much the worse ; and Mrs . Jennings ' s attempts at consolation were therefore unfortunately founded , when she advised her daughter not to care about their being so fashionable ; because they were all cousins and must put up with one another .
" Do come now ," said he --" pray come -- you must come -- I declare you shall come -- You can ' t think how you will like them .
YOU are my cousins , and they are my wife ' s , so you must be related ."
" I think every one MUST admire it ," replied Elinor , " who ever saw the place ; though it is not to be supposed that any one can estimate its beauties as we do ."
Not so the Miss Steeles .-- They came from Exeter , well provided with admiration for the use of Sir John Middleton , his family , and all his relations , and no niggardly proportion was now dealt out to his fair cousins , whom they declared to be the most beautiful , elegant , accomplished , and agreeable girls they had ever beheld , and with whom they were particularly anxious to be better acquainted .-- And to be better acquainted therefore , Elinor soon found was their inevitable lot , for as Sir John was entirely on the side of the Miss Steeles , their party would be too strong for opposition , and that kind of intimacy must be submitted to , which consists of sitting an hour or two together in the same room almost every day .
replied Lucy ; " I wonder at that , for I thought you must have seen her at Norland sometimes .
Mrs . Ferrars is certainly nothing to me at present -- but the time MAY come -- how soon it will come must depend upon herself -- when we may be very intimately connected ."
Not a soul of all my relations know of it but Anne , and I never should have mentioned it to you , if I had not felt the greatest dependence in the world upon your secrecy ; and I really thought my behaviour in asking so many questions about Mrs . Ferrars must seem so odd , that it ought to be explained .
I was very unwilling to enter into it , as you may imagine , without the knowledge and approbation of his mother ; but I was too young , and loved him too well , to be so prudent as I ought to have been .-- Though you do not know him so well as me , Miss Dashwood , you must have seen enough of him to be sensible he is very capable of making a woman sincerely attached to him ."
" Certainly ," answered Elinor , without knowing what she said ; but after a moment ' s reflection , she added , with revived security of Edward ' s honour and love , and her companion ' s falsehood --" Engaged to Mr . Edward Ferrars !-- I confess myself so totally surprised at what you tell me , that really -- I beg your pardon ; but surely there must be some mistake of person or name .
" Mr . Edward Ferrars , the eldest son of Mrs . Ferrars , of Park Street , and brother of your sister - in - law , Mrs . John Dashwood , is the person I mean ; you must allow that I am not likely to be deceived as to the name of the man on who all my happiness depends ."
" I am sure ," said she , " I have no doubt in the world of your faithfully keeping this secret , because you must know of what importance it is to us , not to have it reach his mother ; for she would never approve of it , I dare say .
You must at least have felt that my being acquainted with it could not add to its safety ."
She does not know how to hold her tongue , as you must perceive , and I am sure I was in the greatest fright in the world t ' other day , when Edward ' s name was mentioned by Sir John , lest she should out with it all .
Your own judgment must direct you ."
" To be sure ," continued Lucy , after a few minutes silence on both sides , " his mother must provide for him sometime or other ; but poor Edward is so cast down by it !
The youthful infatuation of nineteen would naturally blind him to every thing but her beauty and good nature ; but the four succeeding years -- years , which if rationally spent , give such improvement to the understanding , must have opened his eyes to her defects of education , while the same period of time , spent on her side in inferior society and more frivolous pursuits , had perhaps robbed her of that simplicity which might once have given an interesting character to her beauty .
And so well was she able to answer her own expectations , that when she joined them at dinner only two hours after she had first suffered the extinction of all her dearest hopes , no one would have supposed from the appearance of the sisters , that Elinor was mourning in secret over obstacles which must divide her for ever from the object of her love , and that Marianne was internally dwelling on the perfections of a man , of whose whole heart she felt thoroughly possessed , and whom she expected to see in every carriage which drove near their house .
From their counsel , or their conversation , she knew she could receive no assistance , their tenderness and sorrow must add to her distress , while her self - command would neither receive encouragement from their example nor from their praise .
She wanted to hear many particulars of their engagement repeated again , she wanted more clearly to understand what Lucy really felt for Edward , whether there were any sincerity in her declaration of tender regard for him , and she particularly wanted to convince Lucy , by her readiness to enter on the matter again , and her calmness in conversing on it , that she was no otherwise interested in it than as a friend , which she very much feared her involuntary agitation , in their morning discourse , must have left at least doubtful .
And even Sir John ' s joking intelligence must have had some weight .
" I am glad ," said Lady Middleton to Lucy , " you are not going to finish poor little Annamaria ' s basket this evening ; for I am sure it must hurt your eyes to work filigree by candlelight .
" Perhaps ," continued Elinor , " if I should happen to cut out , I may be of some use to Miss Lucy Steele , in rolling her papers for her ; and there is so much still to be done to the basket , that it must be impossible I think for her labour singly , to finish it this evening .
We must wait , it may be for many years .
" That conviction must be every thing to you ; and he is undoubtedly supported by the same trust in your ' s .
He is brother to Mrs . John Dashwood -- THAT must be recommendation enough to her husband ."
But one or the other , if not both of them , I must have .
It should not , must not be a struggle ."
That Marianne , fastidious as she was , thoroughly acquainted with Mrs . Jennings ' manners , and invariably disgusted by them , should overlook every inconvenience of that kind , should disregard whatever must be most wounding to her irritable feelings , in her pursuit of one object , was such a proof , so strong , so full , of the importance of that object to her , as Elinor , in spite of all that had passed , was not prepared to witness .
A short , a very short time however must now decide what Willoughby ' s intentions were ; in all probability he was already in town .
Should the result of her observations be unfavourable , she was determined at all events to open the eyes of her sister ; should it be otherwise , her exertions would be of a different nature -- she must then learn to avoid every selfish comparison , and banish every regret which might lessen her satisfaction in the happiness of Marianne .
Elinor said no more ; it immediately struck her that she must then be writing to Willoughby ; and the conclusion which as instantly followed was , that , however mysteriously they might wish to conduct the affair , they must be engaged .
my dear mother , you must be wrong in permitting an engagement between a daughter so young , a man so little known , to be carried on in so doubtful , so mysterious a manner !
" How much they must enjoy it !
Elinor derived no comfortable feelings from this conversation , to lessen the uneasiness of her mind on other points ; she was left , on the contrary , with a melancholy impression of Colonel Brandon ' s unhappiness , and was prevented even from wishing it removed , by her anxiety for the very event that must confirm it .
When they had paid their tribute of politeness by curtsying to the lady of the house , they were permitted to mingle in the crowd , and take their share of the heat and inconvenience , to which their arrival must necessarily add .
Tell him I must see him again -- must speak to him instantly .-- I cannot rest -- I shall not have a moment ' s peace till this is explained -- some dreadful misapprehension or other .-- Oh go to him this moment ."
No , my dearest Marianne , you must wait .
As for Marianne , on the pangs which so unhappy a meeting must already have given her , and on those still more severe which might await her in its probable consequence , she could not reflect without the deepest concern .
Elinor , who saw as plainly by this , as if she had seen the direction , that it must come from Willoughby , felt immediately such a sickness at heart as made her hardly able to hold up her head , and sat in such a general tremour as made her fear it impossible to escape Mrs . Jenning ' s notice .
I thought it had been only a joke , but so serious a question seems to imply more ; and I must beg , therefore , that you will not deceive yourself any longer .
Don ' t we all know that it must be a match , that they were over head and ears in love with each other from the first moment they met ?
Elinor , who knew that such grief , shocking as it was to witness it , must have its course , watched by her till this excess of suffering had somewhat spent itself , and then turning eagerly to Willoughby ' s letter , read as follows :
With what indignation such a letter as this must be read by Miss Dashwood , may be imagined .
Though aware , before she began it , that it must bring a confession of his inconstancy , and confirm their separation for ever , she was not aware that such language could be suffered to announce it ; nor could she have supposed Willoughby capable of departing so far from the appearance of every honourable and delicate feeling -- so far from the common decorum of a gentleman , as to send a letter so impudently cruel : a letter which , instead of bringing with his desire of a release any professions of regret , acknowledged no breach of faith , denied all peculiar affection whatever -- a letter of which every line was an insult , and which proclaimed its writer to be deep in hardened villainy .
Think of your mother ; think of her misery while YOU suffer : for her sake you must exert yourself ."
" Forgive me , forgive me ," throwing her arms round her sister ' s neck ; " I know you feel for me ; I know what a heart you have ; but yet you are -- you must be happy ; Edward loves you -- what , oh what , can do away such happiness as that ?"
" You must not talk so , Marianne .
You must be very much altered indeed since we parted , if that could be the case , and you not there .
I must feel -- I must be wretched -- and they are welcome to enjoy the consciousness of it that can ."
" Elinor , I must go home .
I must go and comfort mama .
We owe Mrs . Jennings much more than civility ; and civility of the commonest kind must prevent such a hasty removal as that ."
Their own good - nature must point out to them the real cruelty of appearing to know any thing about it when she is present ; and the less that may ever be said to myself on the subject , the more my feelings will be spared , as you my dear madam will easily believe ."
It must be terrible for you to hear it talked of ; and as for your sister , I am sure I would not mention a word about it to her for the world .
I must do THIS justice to Mr . Willoughby -- he has broken no positive engagement with my sister ."
If you know it already , as surely you must , I may be spared ."
My object -- my wish -- my sole wish in desiring it -- I hope , I believe it is -- is to be a means of giving comfort ;-- no , I must not say comfort -- not present comfort -- but conviction , lasting conviction to your sister ' s mind .
MY gratitude will be insured immediately by any information tending to that end , and HERS must be gained by it in time .
" You shall ; and , to be brief , when I quitted Barton last October ,-- but this will give you no idea -- I must go farther back .
I had depended on her fortitude too far , and the blow was a severe one -- but had her marriage been happy , so young as I then was , a few months must have reconciled me to it , or at least I should not have now to lament it .
It was forwarded to me from Delaford , and I received it on the very morning of our intended party to Whitwell ; and this was the reason of my leaving Barton so suddenly , which I am sure must at the time have appeared strange to every body , and which I believe gave offence to some .
Knowing all this , as I have now known it many weeks , guess what I must have felt on seeing your sister as fond of him as ever , and on being assured that she was to marry him : guess what I must have felt for all your sakes .
My behaviour must have seemed strange to you then ; but now you will comprehend it .
Whatever they may have been , however , she may now , and hereafter doubtless WILL turn with gratitude towards her own condition , when she compares it with that of my poor Eliza , when she considers the wretched and hopeless situation of this poor girl , and pictures her to herself , with an affection for him so strong , still as strong as her own , and with a mind tormented by self - reproach , which must attend her through life .
Surely this comparison must have its use with her .
On the contrary , every friend must be made still more her friend by them .
Concern for her unhappiness , and respect for her fortitude under it , must strengthen every attachment .
You must know best what will be its effect ; but had I not seriously , and from my heart believed it might be of service , might lessen her regrets , I would not have suffered myself to trouble you with this account of my family afflictions , with a recital which may seem to have been intended to raise myself at the expense of others ."
Bad indeed must the nature of Marianne ' s affliction be , when her mother could talk of fortitude !
mortifying and humiliating must be the origin of those regrets , which SHE could wish her not to indulge !
From all danger of seeing Willoughby again , her mother considered her to be at least equally safe in town as in the country , since his acquaintance must now be dropped by all who called themselves her friends .
Marianne had promised to be guided by her mother ' s opinion , and she submitted to it therefore without opposition , though it proved perfectly different from what she wished and expected , though she felt it to be entirely wrong , formed on mistaken grounds , and that by requiring her longer continuance in London it deprived her of the only possible alleviation of her wretchedness , the personal sympathy of her mother , and doomed her to such society and such scenes as must prevent her ever knowing a moment ' s rest .
And the Middletons too , you must introduce me to THEM .
Colonel Brandon must be the man ; and no civility shall be wanting on my part to make him pleased with you and your family .
It is a match that must give universal satisfaction .
And extremely acceptable it is , for we must live at a great expense while we are here ."
" Your expenses both in town and country must certainly be considerable ; but your income is a large one ."
And then I have made a little purchase within this half year ; East Kingham Farm , you must remember the place , where old Gibson used to live .
A man must pay for his convenience ; and it HAS cost me a vast deal of money ."
I might have sold it again , the next day , for more than I gave : but , with regard to the purchase - money , I might have been very unfortunate indeed ; for the stocks were at that time so low , that if I had not happened to have the necessary sum in my banker ' s hands , I must have sold out to very great loss ."
You may guess , after all these expenses , how very far we must be from being rich , and how acceptable Mrs . Ferrars ' s kindness is ."
" She seems a most valuable woman indeed -- Her house , her style of living , all bespeak an exceeding good income ; and it is an acquaintance that has not only been of great use to you hitherto , but in the end may prove materially advantageous .-- Her inviting you to town is certainly a vast thing in your favour ; and indeed , it speaks altogether so great a regard for you , that in all probability when she dies you will not be forgotten .-- She must have a great deal to leave ."
Their claims to the notice of Mrs . John Dashwood , as the nieces of the gentleman who for many years had had the care of her brother , might not have done much , however , towards procuring them seats at her table ; but as Lady Middleton ' s guests they must be welcome ; and Lucy , who had long wanted to be personally known to the family , to have a nearer view of their characters and her own difficulties , and to have an opportunity of endeavouring to please them , had seldom been happier in her life , than she was on receiving Mrs . John Dashwood ' s card .
She began immediately to determine , that Edward who lived with his mother , must be asked as his mother was , to a party given by his sister ; and to see him for the first time , after all that passed , in the company of Lucy !-- she hardly knew how she could bear it !
said her brother to Colonel Brandon , in a low voice , as soon as he could secure his attention ,-- " She has not such good health as her sister ,-- she is very nervous ,-- she has not Elinor ' s constitution ;-- and one must allow that there is something very trying to a young woman who HAS BEEN a beauty in the loss of her personal attractions .
Elinor ' s curiosity to see Mrs . Ferrars was satisfied .-- She had found in her every thing that could tend to make a farther connection between the families undesirable .-- She had seen enough of her pride , her meanness , and her determined prejudice against herself , to comprehend all the difficulties that must have perplexed the engagement , and retarded the marriage , of Edward and herself , had he been otherwise free ;-- and she had seen almost enough to be thankful for her OWN sake , that one greater obstacle preserved her from suffering under any other of Mrs . Ferrars ' s creation , preserved her from all dependence upon her caprice , or any solicitude for her good opinion .
It was not Lucy ' s business to put herself forward , and the appearance of secrecy must still be kept up .
That must be enough for us both ."
" I think , Elinor ," she presently added , " we must employ Edward to take care of us in our return to Barton .
are you never to hear yourself praised !-- Then you must be no friend of mine ; for those who will accept of my love and esteem , must submit to my open commendation ."
said Marianne ; " my dear Edward , this must not be ."
If you only hope to have your assertion contradicted , as I must suppose to be the case , you ought to recollect that I am the last person in the world to do it .
But while the imaginations of other people will carry them away to form wrong judgments of our conduct , and to decide on it by slight appearances , one ' s happiness must in some measure be always at the mercy of chance .
The consequence of which was , that Mrs . John Dashwood was obliged to submit not only to the exceedingly great inconvenience of sending her carriage for the Miss Dashwoods , but , what was still worse , must be subject to all the unpleasantness of appearing to treat them with attention : and who could tell that they might not expect to go out with her a second time ?
The power of disappointing them , it was true , must always be her ' s .
For then his brother ' s bow must have given the finishing stroke to what the ill - humour of his mother and sister would have begun .
' My dear Madam ,' I always say to her , ' you must make yourself easy .
Sir John , who called on them more than once , brought home such accounts of the favour they were in , as must be universally striking .
And I must say , I think she was used very hardly ; for your sister scolded like any fury , and soon drove her into a fainting fit .
But unwelcome as such a task must be , it was necessary to be done , and Elinor therefore hastened to perform it .
I wish him very happy ; and I am so sure of his always doing his duty , that though now he may harbour some regret , in the end he must become so .
His mother explained to him her liberal designs , in case of his marrying Miss Morton ; told him she would settle on him the Norfolk estate , which , clear of land - tax , brings in a good thousand a - year ; offered even , when matters grew desperate , to make it twelve hundred ; and in opposition to this , if he still persisted in this low connection , represented to him the certain penury that must attend the match .
Miss Lucy Steele is , I dare say , a very deserving young woman , but in the present case you know , the connection must be impossible .
We must all feel for him ; and the more so , because it is totally out of our power to assist him ."
But as it is , it must be out of anybody ' s power to assist him .
And there is one thing more preparing against him , which must be worse than all -- his mother has determined , with a very natural kind of spirit , to settle THAT estate upon Robert immediately , which might have been Edward ' s , on proper conditions .
And after thinking it all over and over again , he said , it seemed to him as if , now he had no fortune , and no nothing at all , it would be quite unkind to keep her on to the engagement , because it must be for her loss , for he had nothing but two thousand pounds , and no hope of any thing else ; and if he was to go into orders , as he had some thoughts , he could get nothing but a curacy , and how was they to live upon that ?-- He could not bear to think of her doing no better , and so he begged , if she had the least mind for it , to put an end to the matter directly , and leave him shift for himself .
So then he was monstrous happy , and talked on some time about what they should do , and they agreed he should take orders directly , and they must wait to be married till he got a living .
Oh , for shame !-- To be sure you must know better than that .
Edward have got some business at Oxford , he says ; so he must go there for a time ; and after THAT , as soon as he can light upon a Bishop , he will be ordained .
I had a vast deal more to say to you , but I must not stay away from them not any longer .
how poor they will be !-- I must see what I can give them towards furnishing their house .
Two maids and two men , indeed !-- as I talked of t ' other day .-- No , no , they must get a stout girl of all works .-- Betty ' s sister would never do for them NOW ."
though we have suffered dreadfully , we are both quite well now , and as happy as we must always be in one another ' s love .
I am sure you will be glad to hear , as likewise dear Mrs . Jennings , I spent two happy hours with him yesterday afternoon , he would not hear of our parting , though earnestly did I , as I thought my duty required , urge him to it for prudence sake , and would have parted for ever on the spot , would he consent to it ; but he said it should never be , he did not regard his mother ' s anger , while he could have my affections ; our prospects are not very bright , to be sure , but we must wait , and hope for the best ; he will be ordained shortly ; and should it ever be in your power to recommend him to any body that has a living to bestow , am very sure you will not forget us , and dear Mrs . Jennings too , trust she will speak a good word for us to Sir John , or Mr . Palmer , or any friend that may be able to assist us .-- Poor Anne was much to blame for what she did , but she did it for the best , so I say nothing ; hope Mrs . Jennings won ' t think it too much trouble to give us a call , should she come this way any morning , ' twould be a great kindness , and my cousins would be proud to know her .-- My paper reminds me to conclude ; and begging to be most gratefully and respectfully remembered to her , and to Sir John , and Lady Middleton , and the dear children , when you chance to see them , and love to Miss Marianne ,
She sighed for the air , the liberty , the quiet of the country ; and fancied that if any place could give her ease , Barton must do it .
As Marianne ' s affection for her mother was sincere , it must triumph with little difficulty , over the imaginary evils she had started .
If , however , by an unforeseen chance it should be in my power to serve him farther , I must think very differently of him from what I now do , if I am not as ready to be useful to him then as I sincerely wish I could be at present .
What I am now doing indeed , seems nothing at all , since it can advance him so little towards what must be his principal , his only object of happiness .
His marriage must still be a distant good ;-- at least , I am afraid it cannot take place very soon .--"
" Well , my dear , I must be gone before I have had half my talk out .
I do not ask you to go with me , for I dare say your mind is too full of the matter to care for company ; and besides , you must long to tell your sister all about it ."
Ay , to be sure , he must be ordained in readiness ; and I am very glad to find things are so forward between you .
" Yes ," continued Elinor , gathering more resolution , as some of the worst was over , " Colonel Brandon means it as a testimony of his concern for what has lately passed -- for the cruel situation in which the unjustifiable conduct of your family has placed you -- a concern which I am sure Marianne , myself , and all your friends , must share ; and likewise as a proof of his high esteem for your general character , and his particular approbation of your behaviour on the present occasion ."
" I must hurry away then , to give him those thanks which you will not allow me to give YOU ; to assure him that he has made me a very -- an exceedingly happy man ."
When Mrs . Jennings came home , though she returned from seeing people whom she had never seen before , and of whom therefore she must have a great deal to say , her mind was so much more occupied by the important secret in her possession , than by anything else , that she reverted to it again as soon as Elinor appeared .
But , my dear , we must touch up the Colonel to do some thing to the parsonage , and make it comfortable for them , before Lucy goes to it ."
Elinor contradicted it , however , very positively ; and by relating that she had herself been employed in conveying the offer from Colonel Brandon to Edward , and , therefore , must understand the terms on which it was given , obliged him to submit to her authority .
" Mrs . Ferrars ," added he , lowering his voice to the tone becoming so important a subject , " knows nothing about it at present , and I believe it will be best to keep it entirely concealed from her as long as may be .-- When the marriage takes place , I fear she must hear of it all ."
" But why should such precaution be used ?-- Though it is not to be supposed that Mrs . Ferrars can have the smallest satisfaction in knowing that her son has money enough to live upon ,-- for THAT must be quite out of the question ; yet why , upon her late behaviour , is she supposed to feel at all ?-- She has done with her son , she cast him off for ever , and has made all those over whom she had any influence , cast him off likewise .
When Edward ' s unhappy match takes place , depend upon it his mother will feel as much as if she had never discarded him ; and , therefore every circumstance that may accelerate that dreadful event , must be concealed from her as much as possible .
" You surprise me ; I should think it must nearly have escaped her memory by THIS time ."
" I only mean that I suppose , from your manner of speaking , it must be the same to Miss Morton whether she marry Edward or Robert ."
" Of ONE thing , my dear sister ," kindly taking her hand , and speaking in an awful whisper ,--" I may assure you ;-- and I WILL do it , because I know it must gratify you .
But I thought I would just tell you of this , because I knew how much it must please you .
You must not judge of him , Miss Dashwood , from YOUR slight acquaintance .-- Poor Edward !-- His manners are certainly not the happiest in nature .-- But we are not all born , you know , with the same powers ,-- the same address .-- Poor fellow !-- to see him in a circle of strangers !-- to be sure it was pitiable enough !-- but upon my soul , I believe he has as good a heart as any in the kingdom ; and I declare and protest to you I never was so shocked in my life , as when it all burst forth .
I could not believe it .-- My mother was the first person who told me of it ; and I , feeling myself called on to act with resolution , immediately said to her , ' My dear madam , I do not know what you may intend to do on the occasion , but as for myself , I must say , that if Edward does marry this young woman , I never will see him again .'
He must be starved , you know ;-- that is certain ; absolutely starved ."
She found him , however , perfectly the gentleman in his behaviour to all his visitors , and only occasionally rude to his wife and her mother ; she found him very capable of being a pleasant companion , and only prevented from being so always , by too great an aptitude to fancy himself as much superior to people in general , as he must feel himself to be to Mrs . Jennings and Charlotte .
" But she must not go round by London ," cried Marianne , in the same hurried manner .
The comfort of such a friend at that moment as Colonel Brandon -- or such a companion for her mother ,-- how gratefully was it felt !-- a companion whose judgment would guide , whose attendance must relieve , and whose friendship might soothe her !-- as far as the shock of such a summons COULD be lessened to her , his presence , his manners , his assistance , would lessen it .
His opinion , however , made some little amends for his delay , for though acknowledging a very unexpected and unpleasant alteration in his patient , he would not allow the danger to be material , and talked of the relief which a fresh mode of treatment must procure , with a confidence which , in a lesser degree , was communicated to Elinor .
The rapid decay , the early death of a girl so young , so lovely as Marianne , must have struck a less interested person with concern .
At ten o ' clock , she trusted , or at least not much later her mother would be relieved from the dreadful suspense in which she must now be travelling towards them .
The knowledge of what her mother must be feeling as the carriage stopt at the door -- of her doubt -- her dread -- perhaps her despair !-- and of what SHE had to tell !-- with such knowledge it was impossible to be calm .
She began to think that be must be in liquor ;-- the strangeness of such a visit , and of such manners , seemed no otherwise intelligible ; and with this impression she immediately rose , saying ,
But at first I must confess , my vanity only was elevated by it .
I do not mean to justify myself , but at the same time cannot leave you to suppose that I have nothing to urge -- that because she was injured she was irreproachable , and because I was a libertine , SHE must be a saint .
" Your indifference , however , towards that unfortunate girl -- I must say it , unpleasant to me as the discussion of such a subject may well be -- your indifference is no apology for your cruel neglect of her .
You must have known , that while you were enjoying yourself in Devonshire pursuing fresh schemes , always gay , always happy , she was reduced to the extremest indigence ."
I say awakened , because time and London , business and dissipation , had in some measure quieted it , and I had been growing a fine hardened villain , fancying myself indifferent to her , and chusing to fancy that she too must have become indifferent to me ; talking to myself of our past attachment as a mere idle , trifling business , shrugging up my shoulders in proof of its being so , and silencing every reproach , overcoming every scruple , by secretly saying now and then , ' I shall be heartily glad to hear she is well married .'
Her wretchedness I could have borne , but her passion -- her malice -- At all events it must be appeased .
And after all , what did it signify to my character in the opinion of Marianne and her friends , in what language my answer was couched ?-- It must have been only to one end .
She must be attached to you , or she would not have married you .
" There is no use in staying here ; I must be off ."
" As to that ," said he , " I must rub through the world as well as I can .
Elinor was half inclined to ask her reason for thinking so , because satisfied that none founded on an impartial consideration of their age , characters , or feelings , could be given ;-- but her mother must always be carried away by her imagination on any interesting subject , and therefore instead of an inquiry , she passed it off with a smile .
Time , a very little time , I tell him , will do everything ;-- Marianne ' s heart is not to be wasted for ever on such a man as Willoughby .-- His own merits must soon secure it ."
" At Delaford , she will be within an easy distance of me ," added Mrs . Dashwood , " even if I remain at Barton ; and in all probability ,-- for I hear it is a large village ,-- indeed there certainly MUST be some small house or cottage close by , that would suit us quite as well as our present situation ."
" His fortune too !-- for at my time of life you know , everybody cares about THAT ;-- and though I neither know nor desire to know , what it really is , I am sure it must be a good one ."
His emotion on entering the room , in seeing her altered looks , and in receiving the pale hand which she immediately held out to him , was such , as , in Elinor ' s conjecture , must arise from something more than his affection for Marianne , or the consciousness of its being known to others ; and she soon discovered in his melancholy eye and varying complexion as he looked at her sister , the probable recurrence of many past scenes of misery to his mind , brought back by that resemblance between Marianne and Eliza already acknowledged , and now strengthened by the hollow eye , the sickly skin , the posture of reclining weakness , and the warm acknowledgment of peculiar obligation .
She , who had seen her week after week so constantly suffering , oppressed by anguish of heart which she had neither courage to speak of , nor fortitude to conceal , now saw with a joy , which no other could equally share , an apparent composure of mind , which , in being the result as she trusted of serious reflection , must eventually lead her to contentment and cheerfulness .
My peace of mind is doubly involved in it ;-- for not only is it horrible to suspect a person , who has been what HE has been to ME , of such designs ,-- but what must it make me appear to myself ?-- What in a situation like mine , but a most shamefully unguarded affection could expose me to "--
" They have borne more than our conduct .-- Do not , my dearest Elinor , let your kindness defend what I know your judgment must censure .
" You are very good .-- The future must be my proof .
You , my mother , and Margaret , must henceforth be all the world to me ; you will share my affections entirely between you .
Elinor , who had now been for some time reflecting on the propriety or impropriety of speedily hazarding her narration , without feeling at all nearer decision than at first , heard this ; and perceiving that as reflection did nothing , resolution must do all , soon found herself leading to the fact .
Elinor , dreading her being tired , led her towards home ; and till they reached the door of the cottage , easily conjecturing what her curiosity must be though no question was suffered to speak it , talked of nothing but Willoughby , and their conversation together ; and was carefully minute in every particular of speech and look , where minuteness could be safely indulged .
I never could have been happy with him , after knowing , as sooner or later I must have known , all this .-- I should have had no confidence , no esteem .
" You consider the matter ," said Elinor , " exactly as a good mind and a sound understanding must consider it ; and I dare say you perceive , as well as myself , not only in this , but in many other circumstances , reason enough to be convinced that your marriage must have involved you in many certain troubles and disappointments , in which you would have been poorly supported by an affection , on his side , much less certain .
Had you married , you must have been always poor .
His demands and your inexperience together , on a small , very small income , must have brought on distresses which would not be the LESS grievous to you , from having been entirely unknown and unthought of before .
" Rather say your mother ' s imprudence , my child ," said Mrs . Dashwood ; " SHE must be answerable ."
Colonel Brandon must have some information to give .
Were it possible , she must say it must be Edward .
He was released without any reproach to himself , from an entanglement which had long formed his misery , from a woman whom he had long ceased to love ;-- and elevated at once to that security with another , which he must have thought of almost with despair , as soon as he had learnt to consider it with desire .
Had my brother given me some active profession when I was removed at eighteen from the care of Mr . Pratt , I think -- nay , I am sure , it would never have happened ; for though I left Longstaple with what I thought , at the time , a most unconquerable preference for his niece , yet had I then had any pursuit , any object to engage my time and keep me at a distance from her for a few months , I should very soon have outgrown the fancied attachment , especially by mixing more with the world , as in such case I must have done .
What he might say on the subject a twelvemonth after , must be referred to the imagination of husbands and wives .
Elinor scolded him , harshly as ladies always scold the imprudence which compliments themselves , for having spent so much time with them at Norland , when he must have felt his own inconstancy .
Edward heard with pleasure of Colonel Brandon ' s being expected at the Cottage , as he really wished not only to be better acquainted with him , but to have an opportunity of convincing him that he no longer resented his giving him the living of Delaford --" Which , at present ," said he , " after thanks so ungraciously delivered as mine were on the occasion , he must think I have never forgiven him for offering ."
And I must say that Lucy ' s crossness not to take them along with them in the chaise is worse than all .
I cannot get him out of my head , but you must send for him to Barton , and Miss Marianne must try to comfort him ."
But that he was for ever inconsolable , that he fled from society , or contracted an habitual gloom of temper , or died of a broken heart , must not be depended on -- for he did neither .
17 : 13 He that is born in thy house , and he that is bought with thy money , must needs be circumcised : and my covenant shall be in your flesh for an everlasting covenant .
24 : 5 And the servant said unto him , Peradventure the woman will not be willing to follow me unto this land : must I needs bring thy son again unto the land from whence thou camest ?
29 : 26 And Laban said , It must not be so done in our country , to give the younger before the firstborn .
30 : 16 And Jacob came out of the field in the evening , and Leah went out to meet him , and said , Thou must come in unto me ; for surely I have hired thee with my son ' s mandrakes .
43 : 11 And their father Israel said unto them , If it must be so now , do this ; take of the best fruits in the land in your vessels , and carry down the man a present , a little balm , and a little honey , spices , and myrrh , nuts , and almonds : 43 : 12 And take double money in your hand ; and the money that was brought again in the mouth of your sacks , carry it again in your hand ; peradventure it was an oversight : 43 : 13 Take also your brother , and arise , go again unto the man : 43 : 14 And God Almighty give you mercy before the man , that he may send away your other brother , and Benjamin .
47 : 29 And the time drew nigh that Israel must die : and he called his son Joseph , and said unto him , If now I have found grace in thy sight , put , I pray thee , thy hand under my thigh , and deal kindly and truly with me ; bury me not , I pray thee , in Egypt : 47 : 30 But I will lie with my fathers , and thou shalt carry me out of Egypt , and bury me in their buryingplace .
10 : 9 And Moses said , We will go with our young and with our old , with our sons and with our daughters , with our flocks and with our herds will we go ; for we must hold a feast unto the LORD .
10 : 25 And Moses said , Thou must give us also sacrifices and burnt offerings , that we may sacrifice unto the LORD our God .
10 : 26 Our cattle also shall go with us ; there shall not an hoof be left behind ; for thereof must we take to serve the LORD our God ; and we know not with what we must serve the LORD , until we come thither .
12 : 16 And in the first day there shall be an holy convocation , and in the seventh day there shall be an holy convocation to you ; no manner of work shall be done in them , save that which every man must eat , that only may be done of you .
18 : 19 Hearken now unto my voice , I will give thee counsel , and God shall be with thee : Be thou for the people to God - ward , that thou mayest bring the causes unto God : 18 : 20 And thou shalt teach them ordinances and laws , and shalt shew them the way wherein they must walk , and the work that they must do .
11 : 32 And upon whatsoever any of them , when they are dead , doth fall , it shall be unclean ; whether it be any vessel of wood , or raiment , or skin , or sack , whatsoever vessel it be , wherein any work is done , it must be put into water , and it shall be unclean until the even ; so it shall be cleansed .
23 : 6 And on the fifteenth day of the same month is the feast of unleavened bread unto the LORD : seven days ye must eat unleavened bread .
6 : 21 This is the law of the Nazarite who hath vowed , and of his offering unto the LORD for his separation , beside that that his hand shall get : according to the vow which he vowed , so he must do after the law of his separation .
18 : 22 Neither must the children of Israel henceforth come nigh the tabernacle of the congregation , lest they bear sin , and die .
20 : 10 And Moses and Aaron gathered the congregation together before the rock , and he said unto them , Hear now , ye rebels ; must we fetch you water out of this rock ?
23 : 12 And he answered and said , Must I not take heed to speak that which the LORD hath put in my mouth ?
23 : 26 But Balaam answered and said unto Balak , Told not I thee , saying , All that the LORD speaketh , that I must do ?
1 : 22 And ye came near unto me every one of you , and said , We will send men before us , and they shall search us out the land , and bring us word again by what way we must go up , and into what cities we shall come .
4 : 21 Furthermore the LORD was angry with me for your sakes , and sware that I should not go over Jordan , and that I should not go in unto that good land , which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance : 4 : 22 But I must die in this land , I must not go over Jordan : but ye shall go over , and possess that good land .
12 : 17 Thou mayest not eat within thy gates the tithe of thy corn , or of thy wine , or of thy oil , or the firstlings of thy herds or of thy flock , nor any of thy vows which thou vowest , nor thy freewill offerings , or heave offering of thine hand : 12 : 18 But thou must eat them before the LORD thy God in the place which the LORD thy God shall choose , thou , and thy son , and thy daughter , and thy manservant , and thy maidservant , and the Levite that is within thy gates : and thou shalt rejoice before the LORD thy God in all that thou puttest thine hands unto .
31 : 7 And Moses called unto Joshua , and said unto him in the sight of all Israel , Be strong and of a good courage : for thou must go with this people unto the land which the LORD hath sworn unto their fathers to give them ; and thou shalt cause them to inherit it .
31 : 14 And the LORD said unto Moses , Behold , thy days approach that thou must die : call Joshua , and present yourselves in the tabernacle of the congregation , that I may give him a charge .
3 : 4 Yet there shall be a space between you and it , about two thousand cubits by measure : come not near unto it , that ye may know the way by which ye must go : for ye have not passed this way heretofore .
22 : 17 Is the iniquity of Peor too little for us , from which we are not cleansed until this day , although there was a plague in the congregation of the LORD , 22 : 18 But that ye must turn away this day from following the LORD ?
13 : 16 And the angel of the LORD said unto Manoah , Though thou detain me , I will not eat of thy bread : and if thou wilt offer a burnt offering , thou must offer it unto the LORD .
21 : 17 And they said , There must be an inheritance for them that be escaped of Benjamin , that a tribe be not destroyed out of Israel .
4 : 5 Then said Boaz , What day thou buyest the field of the hand of Naomi , thou must buy it also of Ruth the Moabitess , the wife of the dead , to raise up the name of the dead upon his inheritance .
And Jonathan told him , and said , I did but taste a little honey with the end of the rod that was in mine hand , and , lo , I must die .
14 : 14 For we must needs die , and are as water spilt on the ground , which cannot be gathered up again ; neither doth God respect any person : yet doth he devise means , that his banished be not expelled from him .
23 : 3 The God of Israel said , the Rock of Israel spake to me , He that ruleth over men must be just , ruling in the fear of God .
23 : 6 But the sons of Belial shall be all of them as thorns thrust away , because they cannot be taken with hands : 23 : 7 But the man that shall touch them must be fenced with iron and the staff of a spear ; and they shall be utterly burned with fire in the same place .
18 : 27 And it came to pass at noon , that Elijah mocked them , and said , Cry aloud : for he is a god ; either he is talking , or he is pursuing , or he is in a journey , or peradventure he sleepeth , and must be awaked .
17 : 11 And it shall come to pass , when thy days be expired that thou must go to be with thy fathers , that I will raise up thy seed after thee , which shall be of thy sons ; and I will establish his kingdom .
22 : 5 And David said , Solomon my son is young and tender , and the house that is to be builded for the LORD must be exceeding magnifical , of fame and of glory throughout all countries : I will therefore now make preparation for it .
10 : 12 Then all the congregation answered and said with a loud voice , As thou hast said , so must we do .
32 : 9 Be ye not as the horse , or as the mule , which have no understanding : whose mouth must be held in with bit and bridle , lest they come near unto thee .
18 : 24 A man that hath friends must shew himself friendly : and there is a friend that sticketh closer than a brother .
19 : 19 A man of great wrath shall suffer punishment : for if thou deliver him , yet thou must do it again .
10 : 10 If the iron be blunt , and he do not whet the edge , then must he put to more strength : but wisdom is profitable to direct .
8 : 12 My vineyard , which is mine , is before me : thou , O Solomon , must have a thousand , and those that keep the fruit thereof two hundred .
28 : 10 For precept must be upon precept , precept upon precept ; line upon line , line upon line ; here a little , and there a little : 28 : 11 For with stammering lips and another tongue will he speak to this people .
10 : 5 They are upright as the palm tree , but speak not : they must needs be borne , because they cannot go .
my wound is grievous ; but I said , Truly this is a grief , and I must bear it .
34 : 18 Seemeth it a small thing unto you to have eaten up the good pasture , but ye must tread down with your feet the residue of your pastures ?
and to have drunk of the deep waters , but ye must foul the residue with your feet ?
16 : 21 From that time forth began Jesus to shew unto his disciples , how that he must go unto Jerusalem , and suffer many things of the elders and chief priests and scribes , and be killed , and be raised again the third day .
17 : 10 And his disciples asked him , saying , Why then say the scribes that Elias must first come ?
for it must needs be that offences come ; but woe to that man by whom the offence cometh !
24 : 6 And ye shall hear of wars and rumours of wars : see that ye be not troubled : for all these things must come to pass , but the end is not yet .
26 : 54 But how then shall the scriptures be fulfilled , that thus it must be ?
2 : 22 And no man putteth new wine into old bottles : else the new wine doth burst the bottles , and the wine is spilled , and the bottles will be marred : but new wine must be put into new bottles .
8 : 31 And he began to teach them , that the Son of man must suffer many things , and be rejected of the elders , and of the chief priests , and scribes , and be killed , and after three days rise again .
9 : 11 And they asked him , saying , Why say the scribes that Elias must first come ?
9 : 12 And he answered and told them , Elias verily cometh first , and restoreth all things ; and how it is written of the Son of man , that he must suffer many things , and be set at nought .
13 : 7 And when ye shall hear of wars and rumours of wars , be ye not troubled : for such things must needs be ; but the end shall not be yet .
13 : 10 And the gospel must first be published among all nations .
14 : 49 I was daily with you in the temple teaching , and ye took me not : but the scriptures must be fulfilled .
wist ye not that I must be about my Father ' s business ?
4 : 43 And he said unto them , I must preach the kingdom of God to other cities also : for therefore am I sent .
5 : 38 But new wine must be put into new bottles ; and both are preserved .
9 : 21 And he straitly charged them , and commanded them to tell no man that thing ; 9 : 22 Saying , The Son of man must suffer many things , and be rejected of the elders and chief priests and scribes , and be slain , and be raised the third day .
13 : 33 Nevertheless I must walk to day , and to morrow , and the day following : for it cannot be that a prophet perish out of Jerusalem .
The first said unto him , I have bought a piece of ground , and I must needs go and see it : I pray thee have me excused .
17 : 25 But first must he suffer many things , and be rejected of this generation .
19 : 5 And when Jesus came to the place , he looked up , and saw him , and said unto him , Zacchaeus , make haste , and come down ; for to day I must abide at thy house .
21 : 9 But when ye shall hear of wars and commotions , be not terrified : for these things must first come to pass ; but the end is not by and by .
22 : 7 Then came the day of unleavened bread , when the passover must be killed .
22 : 37 For I say unto you , that this that is written must yet be accomplished in me , And he was reckoned among the transgressors : for the things concerning me have an end .
23 : 17 ( For of necessity he must release one unto them at the feast .)
24 : 6 He is not here , but is risen : remember how he spake unto you when he was yet in Galilee , 24 : 7 Saying , The Son of man must be delivered into the hands of sinful men , and be crucified , and the third day rise again .
24 : 44 And he said unto them , These are the words which I spake unto you , while I was yet with you , that all things must be fulfilled , which were written in the law of Moses , and in the prophets , and in the psalms , concerning me .
3 : 7 Marvel not that I said unto thee , Ye must be born again .
3 : 14 And as Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness , even so must the Son of man be lifted up : 3 : 15 That whosoever believeth in him should not perish , but have eternal life .
3 : 30 He must increase , but I must decrease .
4 : 4 And he must needs go through Samaria .
4 : 24 God is a Spirit : and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth .
9 : 4 I must work the works of him that sent me , while it is day : the night cometh , when no man can work .
10 : 16 And other sheep I have , which are not of this fold : them also I must bring , and they shall hear my voice ; and there shall be one fold , and one shepherd .
12 : 34 The people answered him , We have heard out of the law that Christ abideth for ever : and how sayest thou , The Son of man must be lifted up ?
20 : 9 For as yet they knew not the scripture , that he must rise again from the dead .
1 : 15 And in those days Peter stood up in the midst of the disciples , and said , ( the number of names together were about an hundred and twenty ,) 1 : 16 Men and brethren , this scripture must needs have been fulfilled , which the Holy Ghost by the mouth of David spake before concerning Judas , which was guide to them that took Jesus .
1 : 21 Wherefore of these men which have companied with us all the time that the Lord Jesus went in and out among us , 1 : 22 Beginning from the baptism of John , unto that same day that he was taken up from us , must one be ordained to be a witness with us of his resurrection .
3 : 20 And he shall send Jesus Christ , which before was preached unto you : 3 : 21 Whom the heaven must receive until the times of restitution of all things , which God hath spoken by the mouth of all his holy prophets since the world began .
4 : 12 Neither is there salvation in any other : for there is none other name under heaven given among men , whereby we must be saved .
And the Lord said unto him , Arise , and go into the city , and it shall be told thee what thou must do .
9 : 15 But the Lord said unto him , Go thy way : for he is a chosen vessel unto me , to bear my name before the Gentiles , and kings , and the children of Israel : 9 : 16 For I will shew him how great things he must suffer for my name ' s sake .
14 : 21 And when they had preached the gospel to that city , and had taught many , they returned again to Lystra , and to Iconium , and Antioch , 14 : 22 Confirming the souls of the disciples , and exhorting them to continue in the faith , and that we must through much tribulation enter into the kingdom of God .
15 : 24 Forasmuch as we have heard , that certain which went out from us have troubled you with words , subverting your souls , saying , Ye must be circumcised , and keep the law : to whom we gave no such commandment : 15 : 25 It seemed good unto us , being assembled with one accord , to send chosen men unto you with our beloved Barnabas and Paul , 15 : 26 Men that have hazarded their lives for the name of our Lord Jesus Christ .
16 : 29 Then he called for a light , and sprang in , and came trembling , and fell down before Paul and Silas , 16 : 30 And brought them out , and said , Sirs , what must I do to be saved ?
17 : 1 Now when they had passed through Amphipolis and Apollonia , they came to Thessalonica , where was a synagogue of the Jews : 17 : 2 And Paul , as his manner was , went in unto them , and three sabbath days reasoned with them out of the scriptures , 17 : 3 Opening and alleging , that Christ must needs have suffered , and risen again from the dead ; and that this Jesus , whom I preach unto you , is Christ .
18 : 20 When they desired him to tarry longer time with them , he consented not ; 18 : 21 But bade them farewell , saying , I must by all means keep this feast that cometh in Jerusalem : but I will return again unto you , if God will .
19 : 21 After these things were ended , Paul purposed in the spirit , when he had passed through Macedonia and Achaia , to go to Jerusalem , saying , After I have been there , I must also see Rome .
the multitude must needs come together : for they will hear that thou art come .
23 : 11 And the night following the Lord stood by him , and said , Be of good cheer , Paul : for as thou hast testified of me in Jerusalem , so must thou bear witness also at Rome .
27 : 23 For there stood by me this night the angel of God , whose I am , and whom I serve , 27 : 24 Saying , Fear not , Paul ; thou must be brought before Caesar : and , lo , God hath given thee all them that sail with thee .
27 : 26 Howbeit we must be cast upon a certain island .
13 : 5 Wherefore ye must needs be subject , not only for wrath , but also for conscience sake .
5 : 9 I wrote unto you in an epistle not to company with fornicators : 5 : 10 Yet not altogether with the fornicators of this world , or with the covetous , or extortioners , or with idolaters ; for then must ye needs go out of the world .
11 : 19 For there must be also heresies among you , that they which are approved may be made manifest among you .
15 : 25 For he must reign , till he hath put all enemies under his feet .
15 : 53 For this corruptible must put on incorruption , and this mortal must put on immortality .
5 : 10 For we must all appear before the judgment seat of Christ ; that every one may receive the things done in his body , according to that he hath done , whether it be good or bad .
11 : 30 If I must needs glory , I will glory of the things which concern mine infirmities .
3 : 2 A bishop then must be blameless , the husband of one wife , vigilant , sober , of good behaviour , given to hospitality , apt to teach ; 3 : 3 Not given to wine , no striker , not greedy of filthy lucre ; but patient , not a brawler , not covetous ; 3 : 4 One that ruleth well his own house , having his children in subjection with all gravity ; 3 : 5 ( For if a man know not how to rule his own house , how shall he take care of the church of God ?)
3 : 7 Moreover he must have a good report of them which are without ; lest he fall into reproach and the snare of the devil .
3 : 8 Likewise must the deacons be grave , not doubletongued , not given to much wine , not greedy of filthy lucre ; 3 : 9 Holding the mystery of the faith in a pure conscience .
3 : 11 Even so must their wives be grave , not slanderers , sober , faithful in all things .
2 : 6 The husbandman that laboureth must be first partaker of the fruits .
2 : 24 And the servant of the Lord must not strive ; but be gentle unto all men , apt to teach , patient , 2 : 25 In meekness instructing those that oppose themselves ; if God peradventure will give them repentance to the acknowledging of the truth ; 2 : 26 And that they may recover themselves out of the snare of the devil , who are taken captive by him at his will .
1 : 7 For a bishop must be blameless , as the steward of God ; not selfwilled , not soon angry , not given to wine , no striker , not given to filthy lucre ; 1 : 8 But a lover of hospitality , a lover of good men , sober , just , holy , temperate ; 1 : 9 Holding fast the faithful word as he hath been taught , that he may be able by sound doctrine both to exhort and to convince the gainsayers .
1 : 10 For there are many unruly and vain talkers and deceivers , specially they of the circumcision : 1 : 11 Whose mouths must be stopped , who subvert whole houses , teaching things which they ought not , for filthy lucre ' s sake .
4 : 6 Seeing therefore it remaineth that some must enter therein , and they to whom it was first preached entered not in because of unbelief : 4 : 7 Again , he limiteth a certain day , saying in David , To day , after so long a time ; as it is said , To day if ye will hear his voice , harden not your hearts .
9 : 16 For where a testament is , there must also of necessity be the death of the testator .
9 : 24 For Christ is not entered into the holy places made with hands , which are the figures of the true ; but into heaven itself , now to appear in the presence of God for us : 9 : 25 Nor yet that he should offer himself often , as the high priest entereth into the holy place every year with blood of others ; 9 : 26 For then must he often have suffered since the foundation of the world : but now once in the end of the world hath he appeared to put away sin by the sacrifice of himself .
11 : 6 But without faith it is impossible to please him : for he that cometh to God must believe that he is , and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him .
13 : 17 Obey them that have the rule over you , and submit yourselves : for they watch for your souls , as they that must give account , that they may do it with joy , and not with grief : for that is unprofitable for you .
4 : 17 For the time is come that judgment must begin at the house of God : and if it first begin at us , what shall the end be of them that obey not the gospel of God ?
1 : 13 Yea , I think it meet , as long as I am in this tabernacle , to stir you up by putting you in remembrance ; 1 : 14 Knowing that shortly I must put off this my tabernacle , even as our Lord Jesus Christ hath shewed me .
1 : 1 The Revelation of Jesus Christ , which God gave unto him , to shew unto his servants things which must shortly come to pass ; and he sent and signified it by his angel unto his servant John : 1 : 2 Who bare record of the word of God , and of the testimony of Jesus Christ , and of all things that he saw .
4 : 1 After this I looked , and , behold , a door was opened in heaven : and the first voice which I heard was as it were of a trumpet talking with me ; which said , Come up hither , and I will shew thee things which must be hereafter .
10 : 11 And he said unto me , Thou must prophesy again before many peoples , and nations , and tongues , and kings .
11 : 5 And if any man will hurt them , fire proceedeth out of their mouth , and devoureth their enemies : and if any man will hurt them , he must in this manner be killed .
13 : 10 He that leadeth into captivity shall go into captivity : he that killeth with the sword must be killed with the sword .
17 : 10 And there are seven kings : five are fallen , and one is , and the other is not yet come ; and when he cometh , he must continue a short space .
20 : 2 And he laid hold on the dragon , that old serpent , which is the Devil , and Satan , and bound him a thousand years , 20 : 3 And cast him into the bottomless pit , and shut him up , and set a seal upon him , that he should deceive the nations no more , till the thousand years should be fulfilled : and after that he must be loosed a little season .
22 : 6 And he said unto me , These sayings are faithful and true : and the Lord God of the holy prophets sent his angel to shew unto his servants the things which must shortly be done .
And all must love the human form , In heathen , Turk , or Jew .
The sun descending in the west , The evening star does shine ; The birds are silent in their nest , And I must seek for mine .
Whate ' er is born of mortal birth Must be consumed with the earth , To rise from generation free : Then what have I to do with thee ?
On earth it grew hotter and hotter ; the sun burned down so fiercely that the people were fainting in its rays ; it seemed as if they must die of heat , and yet they were obliged to go on with their work , for they were very poor .
You must come to visit me and see how nice it is to live in the city ."
" I must go home now ; it is late ," said the Moon .
" That cow must be stuck mighty tight "; and he drove his tail deep in the water , and gave a marvellous pull .
Just as the little Half - Chick thought he must suffocate , the Cook took the cover off , to look at the dinner .
Round and round he was twirled till he was so dizzy he thought he must perish .
The Frogs in a certain swamp decided that they needed a king ; they had always got along perfectly well without one , but they suddenly made up their minds that a king they must have .
But after about a week he got such an appetite for crabs that nothing else would do at all ; he felt that he must have a crab .
Then , one day he got a feeling inside him that nothing but crabs could satisfy : he felt that he must have at least one crab .
" The little figs I like best are the fat , ripe , juicy ones that drop off when the breeze blows ; and then the wind blows them about on the ground , this way and that ; the great heap of figs over there is so still that I think they must be all bad figs ."
The old Alligator thought to himself that he must certainly pretend to be the little House , or the little Jackal would never come in .
" Thank you , little House ," he said , " it ' s good to hear your pretty voice , dear little House , and I will be in with you in a minute ; only first I must gather some firewood for dinner ."
" Oh , Mother , dear Mother ," they said , " you must move us away to - night !
The farmer was in the field to - day , and he said , ' The corn is ready to cut ; we must call in the neighbours to help .'
The next night the little Larks were quite trembling with fear ; the moment their mother got home they cried out , " Mother , you must surely move us to - night !
The farmer came to - day and said , ' The corn is getting too ripe ; we cannot wait for our neighbours ; we must ask our relatives to help us .'
It was the story of _Pilgrim ' s Progress_ ; if you have never heard it , you must be sure to read it as soon as you can read well enough to understand the old - fashioned words .
But Piccola never doubted at all That something beautiful must befall Every child upon Christmas - day , And so she slept till the dawn was gray .
she cried , And mother and father must peep inside .
" How good poor Piccola must have been !"
He knew they must mean him , for all their shining eyes were looking straight at him .
If you really want my opinion you must make the matter clear .
He knew there must be plenty on the other side , if he could only get to them , but he could not swim .
" There is a Jackal in the sugar - cane ," they said ; " he will dig holes and destroy the roots ; we must go down and drive him out ."
" I have the strangest feeling ," said the Camel ,--" I feel as if I must roll over ."
said the lords and ladies , " that must be the Nightingale ; what a large voice for so small a creature !"
She thought the calendula must be a strange , grand flower , by its name ; but her mother told her it was the gay , sturdy , everydayish little flower called a marigold .
Margery knew what she had put there : it was the radish - row ; these must be radish leaves .
" Take me with you ; I must die if I am left here ."
Each one said to himself , " I must have been right , really ; the artist himself sees that something was wrong ; now I shall have credit for saving the prince ' s portrait by my artistic taste !"
" Alas , I cannot make him good ," said the fairy ; " he must do that for himself .
He treated his people carelessly and his servants cruelly , and everything he wanted he felt that he must have .
It seemed as if some one must have stolen it , or as if the farmer had been wandering in his wits .
The tailor said , " I will certainly do that , but you must give me an hour before we commence ."
Now must we grind with all our might -- and , behold !
The very thought of it made him remember the Castle of Fortune , for he knew there must be fine beds there .
So I became a clown , and must be a clown until I die ."
But he spoke gruffly enough to the postman , " This must be a foolish boy ; a small one , I have no doubt ."
I must die of thirst !"
" Must be that Chatterer got out of bed the wrong way this morning ," thought he .
But most of all he listened to a merry , low , silvery laugh that never stopped but went on and on , until he just felt as if he must laugh too .
Buster learned a long time ago that a fisherman must be patient unless , like Little Joe Otter , he is just as much at home in the water as the fish themselves , and can swim fast enough to catch them by chasing them .
Now Farmer Brown ' s boy learned a long time ago that to be a successful fisherman one must have a great deal of patience , so though he didn ' t get a bite right away as he had expected to , he wasn ' t the least bit discouraged .
But there is only one thing that can make the hair on the head of Farmer Brown ' s boy rise , and as it isn ' t anger , of course it must be fear .
It must be that for once he has been smarter than Buster Bear ."
I think you must have imagined it ."
But Farmer Brown laughed so much and made fun of him so much , that at last his boy began to think that he must have been mistaken after all .
If Brer Bear isn ' t scared , he must have remembered something impo ' tant and has gone to attend to it in a powerful hurry ."
It was a long , long , long way down to the ground , and it certainly looked as if such a little fellow as Chatterer must be killed .
It must be about berry time now , and I ' d forgotten all about it .
While he was walking around in the Green Forest , talking to himself about how hungry he was for some berries and how sure he was that there must be some up in the Old Pasture , some one else was thinking about berries and about the Old Pasture too .
You see , Farmer Brown ' s boy was just beginning to understand something that Peter Rabbit and the other little people of the Green Meadows and the Green Forest learned almost as soon as they learned to walk ,-- that if you don ' t want to be seen , you mustn ' t be heard .
He knew well enough that some one must have picked them -- for whoever heard of blueberries growing in tin pails ?
This was bad enough , for he knew just how funny he must look , and besides , it was very uncomfortable .
Because Old Mr . Toad insists that I must write a book about his adventures , and Old Mr . Toad is such a good friend of all of us that I am going to do it .
' I must be getting somewhere near the centre of the earth .
said Alice ; ' I must be shutting up like a telescope .'
I shall be a great deal too far off to trouble myself about you : you must manage the best way you can ;-- but I must be kind to them ,' thought Alice , ' or perhaps they won ' t walk the way I want to go !
' They must go by the carrier ,' she thought ; ' and how funny it ' ll seem , sending presents to one ' s own feet !
I must have been changed for Mabel !
' I ' m sure those are not the right words ,' said poor Alice , and her eyes filled with tears again as she went on , ' I must be Mabel after all , and I shall have to go and live in that poky little house , and have next to no toys to play with , and oh !
' I must be growing small again .'
Just then she heard something splashing about in the pool a little way off , and she swam nearer to make out what it was : at first she thought it must be a walrus or hippopotamus , but then she remembered how small she was now , and she soon made out that it was only a mouse that had slipped in like herself .
( Alice thought this must be the right way of speaking to a mouse : she had never done such a thing before , but she remembered having seen in her brother ' s Latin Grammar , ' A mouse -- of a mouse -- to a mouse -- a mouse -- O mouse !')
cried Alice again , for this time the Mouse was bristling all over , and she felt certain it must be really offended .
Indeed , she had quite a long argument with the Lory , who at last turned sulky , and would only say , ' I am older than you , and must know better '; and this Alice would not allow without knowing how old it was , and , as the Lory positively refused to tell its age , there was no more to be said .
At last the Dodo said , ' EVERYBODY has won , and all must have prizes .'
' But she must have a prize herself , you know ,' said the Mouse .
' Fury said to a mouse , That he met in the house , " Let us both go to law : I will prosecute YOU .-- Come , I ' ll take no denial ; We must have a trial : For really this morning I ' ve nothing to do ."
Some of the birds hurried off at once : one old Magpie began wrapping itself up very carefully , remarking , ' I really must be getting home ; the night - air doesn ' t suit my throat !'
' What a number of cucumber - frames there must be !'
' We must burn the house down !'
' If I eat one of these cakes ,' she thought , ' it ' s sure to make SOME change in my size ; and as it can ' t possibly make me larger , it must make me smaller , I suppose .'
Alice replied , rather shyly , ' I -- I hardly know , sir , just at present -- at least I know who I WAS when I got up this morning , but I think I must have been changed several times since then .'
' As if it wasn ' t trouble enough hatching the eggs ,' said the Pigeon ; ' but I must be on the look - out for serpents night and day !
' And just as I ' d taken the highest tree in the wood ,' continued the Pigeon , raising its voice to a shriek , ' and just as I was thinking I should be free of them at last , they must needs come wriggling down from the sky !
' I must go and get ready to play croquet with the Queen ,' and she hurried out of the room .
' You must be ,' said the Cat , ' or you wouldn ' t have come here .'
She had not gone much farther before she came in sight of the house of the March Hare : she thought it must be the right house , because the chimneys were shaped like ears and the roof was thatched with fur .
' Yes , but some crumbs must have got in as well ,' the Hatter grumbled : ' you shouldn ' t have put it in with the bread - knife .'
' Well , it must be removed ,' said the King very decidedly , and he called the Queen , who was passing at the moment , ' My dear !
' Now , I give you fair warning ,' shouted the Queen , stamping on the ground as she spoke ; ' either you or your head must be off , and that in about half no time !
I must go back and see after some executions I have ordered '; and she walked off , leaving Alice alone with the Gryphon .
Alice was very nearly getting up and saying , ' Thank you , sir , for your interesting story ,' but she could not help thinking there MUST be more to come , so she sat still and said nothing .
' Then the eleventh day must have been a holiday ?'
' It must be a very pretty dance ,' said Alice timidly .
'' Tis the voice of the Lobster ; I heard him declare , " You have baked me too brown , I must sugar my hair ."
' You MUST remember ,' remarked the King , ' or I ' ll have you executed .'
The King looked anxiously at the White Rabbit , who said in a low voice , ' Your Majesty must cross - examine THIS witness .'
' Well , if I must , I must ,' the King said , with a melancholy air , and , after folding his arms and frowning at the cook till his eyes were nearly out of sight , he said in a deep voice , ' What are tarts made of ?'
And he added in an undertone to the Queen , ' Really , my dear , YOU must cross - examine the next witness .
she exclaimed in a tone of great dismay , and began picking them up again as quickly as she could , for the accident of the goldfish kept running in her head , and she had a vague sort of idea that they must be collected at once and put back into the jury - box , or they would die .
' It must have been that ,' said the King , ' unless it was written to nobody , which isn ' t usual , you know .'
' He must have imitated somebody else ' s hand ,' said the King .
You MUST have meant some mischief , or else you ' d have signed your name like an honest man .'
Don ' t let him know she liked them best , For this must ever be A secret , kept from all the rest , Between yourself and me .'
' All right , so far ,' said the King , and he went on muttering over the verses to himself : '" WE KNOW IT TO BE TRUE --" that ' s the jury , of course --" I GAVE HER ONE , THEY GAVE HIM TWO --" why , that must be what he did with the tarts , you know --'
Now , if there be any comfort for all your miserable progeny of morbid apes , it must be in the earth , underneath you , under the roots of the grass , in the place where hell was of old .
" You mustn ' t talk like that here ," he said , roughly , and in a kind of hurry , " that has nothing to do with us ."
" You must pay L10 ."
If a man must not fight for this , may he fight for anything ?
In case of accidents , however , I must bind you over to keep the peace ."
Unfortunately , as the police are in some sense pursuing us , we are hurried , and must fight now and without seconds .
We must finish before he gets his gag out ."
" We must bolt , MacIan ," he said abruptly .
But in symbolism as you use it in this instance , I must , I think , concede a certain truth .
We _must_ fight this thing out somewhere ; because , as you truly say , we have found each other ' s reality .
We _must_ kill each other -- or convert each other .
Our action must at least go further than it has gone under recent interrupted conditions .
It is the one great weakness of journalism as a picture of our modern existence , that it must be a picture made up entirely of exceptions .
The _Daily Mail_ said , " People must learn , in the modern world , to keep their theological differences to themselves .
Its bewildering squares and parallelograms were compact and perfect as a Chinese puzzle ; an enormous hieroglyphic which man must decipher or die .
" Now , Mr . MacIan , you must listen to me .
You must listen to me , not merely because I know the country , which you might learn by looking at a map , but because I know the people of the country , whom you could not know by living here thirty years .
We must be eternally on our guard ; we must live the hunted life of two distinguished criminals .
We must expect to be recognized as much as if we were Napoleon escaping from Elba .
We must be prepared for our descriptions being sent to every tiny village , and for our faces being recognized by every ambitious policeman .
We must often sleep under the stars as if we were in Africa .
Last and most important we must not dream of effecting our -- our final settlement , which will be a thing as famous as the Phoenix Park murders , unless we have made real and precise arrangements for our isolation -- I will not say our safety .
We must not , in short , fight until we have thrown them off our scent , if only for a moment .
" We must fight now , Turnbull .
We must fight now .
A frightful thing has come upon me , and I know it must be now and here .
I must kill you here ," he cried , with a sort of tearful rage impossible to describe .
" It is now , now , now that I must nail your blaspheming body to the earth -- now , now that I must avenge Our Lady on her vile slanderer .
" I must kill you now ," said the fanatic , " because ----"
We must fight now or else ----"
" Yes ," said MacIan , with a sudden contraction of his black brows , " yes , it must be now ."
" I must and will stop this shocking crime ," cried the Tolstoian , crimson in the face .
" I must be alone and consider which is the higher point of view .
We must put it off if we can ."
Turnbull said nothing , but turned and looked out of the foolish lattice of the little windows , then he said , " We must have food and sleep first ."
Then turning to the stranger he said firmly , " I am sorry , sir , but we have something to do that must be done .
Lord bless me , the gods must exist after all -- they have sent me one of my day - dreams !
If the weak must go to the wall , go to the wall !
We must have the whole of this matter out thoroughly before we go a step farther .
But if you want to know what I really think ... I must explain ."
It seems rather hard that having first been told that our creed must be false because we did use tests , we should now be told that it must be false because we don ' t .
Turnbull must have been more superstitious than he knew , for he stopped in the act of going forward .
The man in the middle of the road was shouting in a hoarse and groggy voice that the chauffeur had smashed their car on purpose ; that they must get to the Cri that evening , and that he would jolly well have to take them there .
" You may be right ," he said at last ; " if you are , I must tell her ."
" Why should you -- no , I must tell her , of course ----"
We must not incommode the lady ."
" I am sure I don ' t want to protect criminals or go against the law ; but I must tell you that these gentlemen have done me a considerable service ; you won ' t mind drawing your men a little farther off while I say good night to them .
Now and then with a shock and rattle they went through sleeping moonlit villages , which must have stirred an instant in their sleep as at the passing of a fugitive earthquake .
" You mean ," said Turnbull , in a voice surprisingly soft and gentle , " that there is something fine about fighting in a place where even the conqueror must die ?"
If you had asked him about women , he would have said that one must preserve their domesticity and decorum ; he would have used the stalest words , but he would have in reserve the strongest arguments .
If you had asked him about education , he would have said that the young must be trained up in habits of industry and of respect for their parents .
" You must allow me to see you home ," said Bert to the girl , in a gruff and almost stifled voice ; " I think we have only a little way to go ."
You must forgive me , but I was so frightened that you would not do it at all ."
I must burst up the show ; I must and will say everything .
" I only know ," said Turnbull , " that I must run away from you .
How he knew he was another gentleman merely by banging into him , must remain a mystery .
If it is essential to your emotions , I will cheerfully finish the fight here and now ; but I must confess that if you kill me here I shall die with my curiosity highly excited and unsatisfied upon a minor point of geography ."
" I do not want to stop now ," said the other , in his elephantine simplicity , " but we must stop for a moment , because it is a sign -- perhaps it is a miracle .
We must see what is at the end of the road of sand ; it may be a bridge built across the gulf by God ."
" We must break away from him here ," he cried , briefly , and went like a whirlwind over the sand ridge in a straight line and at a particular angle .
He did not look up , but his comrade and enemy addressed him like one who must free himself of his feelings .
If he exists he must be a new era in human psychology .
MacIan looked at the grass frowningly for a few seconds , and then said in a new , small and childish voice : " I am awfully stupid , Mr . Turnbull ; you must be patient with me ."
" In that case ," said Turnbull , rising genially , " we must not further interrupt your important duties .
But the unknown preserved an impenetrable silence for a long space and then only answered : " I must not say who I am until the end of the world ; but I may say what I am .
Then after a swift silence that took them out across St . James ' s Park , he said : " The people must be taught to obey ; they must learn their own ignorance .
" Besides ," continued he , in the prow , " you must allow for a certain high spirit and haughtiness in the superior type ."
The beautiful and princely must , of necessity , be impatient with the squalid and ----"
" You must be ghastly strong ," said Turnbull .
The magistrate must have been transferred to some other official duties -- to something connected with the inspection of asylums .
" I don ' t know in what capacity you are here ," continued Turnbull , gravely , " but a legal authority of your distinction must certainly be here in an important one .
Whether you are visiting and inspecting the place , or attached to it as some kind of permanent legal adviser , your opinion must still ----"
" Men like MacIan and I may suffer unjustly all our lives , but a man like you must have influence ."
" You must give me time ," said MacIan , quite patiently , " for I am trying to tell the whole truth .
There must be some round earth to plant the cross upon .
The tall and steady forest of fire must have been already a portent visible to the whole circle of land and sea .
If any villagers or sailors were looking towards it they must have seen a strange sight as MacIan cried out for the third time .
If you received this eBook on a physical medium ( such as a disk ), you must return it with your request .
If you received it on a physical medium , you must return it with your note , and such person may choose to alternatively give you a replacement copy .
It must not be supposed that Dr Hood ' s apartments excluded luxury , or even poetry .
The dynamite must be of a shy and noiseless sort , for the poor fellow only shuts himself up for several hours of the day and studies something behind a locked door .
But we ' re talking too much ; you must come at once , and there may be time yet ."
To be clever enough to get all that money , one must be stupid enough to want it ."
First of all I must tell you I was lunching in that restaurant at the seaside .
Mr Harrogate answered nothing ; so the words must have had some meaning .
We must submit to our lot ."
Maurice Brun cleared his throat and said : " Of course we must help the master in every way , but --"
But the time has come when we that cannot speak must speak .
He must be careful .
Because I will not and must not see him -- because it would be against all rules of dignity and honour to see him .
" I ' m afraid I must chuck this business ," said he heavily .
The Duke and I thought it as well to investigate the charge , and I must say I ' m glad we did ."
I think we must chuck it up and apologize to old Carrots ."
The man must have known that particular house to be so accurately inaccurate ."
As long as it was only the left drawer instead of the right , and red ink instead of black , I thought it must be the chance blunders of a forger , as you say .
I mean the men who must have known the truth .
" You mustn ' t be too hard on them ," said Father Brown gently .
" Hirsch was right when he said that in such an affair the principals must not meet .
She went across to Captain Cutler and said in her sweetest manner : " I shall value all these flowers , because they must be your favourite flowers .
" I must show this stupid man where to go ," said Aurora in a whisper to Seymour , and ran out to the threshold to speed the parting guest .
Then he abandoned himself to such abstract meditations as always amused him -- calculating the angles of the mirrors , the angles of each refraction , the angle at which each must fit into the wall ... when he heard a strong but strangled cry .
Cutler made no answer , but said sharply a moment after : " We must attend to the ... the death ..." and his voice escaped from articulation .
You hurt yourselves with that ; and then Captain Cutler must have hurt himself with the dagger ."
" If Parkinson did it with that pantomime spear ," said Butler , " he must have thrust from four yards away .
exclaimed Father Brown , " and how much more sentimental must American men of science be !
Why , they must be as sentimental as a man who thinks a woman is in love with him if she blushes .
A man must have used most fiendish treachery or most savage and amazing bodily daring to have stormed such a wall in spite of an armed man ."
Second , there was a pretty stiff wind against which he was running ; so that I must have seen the streaky look of blowing hair , if the hair had not been very short .
Repossessing myself of my former and wiser purpose , I whipped out of the way of the general search that must follow ; and returned here not later than eight o ' clock .
Our crop - haired friend , despite his ill - fitting clothes , must be an aspiring lover .
Todd ' s daughter was fully eighteen when her father first made his pile ; so there isn ' t really anything impossible in her having a hanger - on in low life ; or even in her hanging on to him , as I think she must be doing , to judge by the lantern business .
If you must know all about me --'
He acted as if Roman money must be guarded by all the Roman virtues .
I must have felt immediately after that it was a mere leap of unreasonable nerves ; for the man was only a dark dot in the distance , and I could only just see that he was standing quite still and gazing , with his head a little on one side .
Thus there was no one to help me in the house , except my brother , whose help must be my ruin .
With my fear and courage re - awakened together , I rushed at the window and then recoiled with a strangled scream that any man but Arthur must have heard .
" Well , obviously ," cried his friend , " there must be one to be exposed ; one to threaten exposure ; and one at least whom exposure would horrify ."
What is wrong , except ... thou shalt not make to thyself any graven image ; thou shalt not bow down to them nor serve them , for I ... but we must go and see how the poor young people are getting on ."
" I ' ve heard of it , of course , but surely it must be a superstitious yarn spun out of something much simpler .
He must have a footman to carry his walking - stick ; a body servant to hold up his opera - glasses --"
DEAR FINN ,-- Your copy will do , but I have had to headline it a bit ; and our public would never stand a Romanist priest in the story -- you must keep your eye on the suburbs .
DEAR FINN ,-- You must be mad ; we can ' t touch this .
They like that But you must know the Exmoors would never forgive this .
He heard Flambeau say to Fanshaw that no doubt this meant the pilot must keep both eyes open and be spry .
No one can calculate the turns of mood in convalescence : but Father Brown ' s depression must have had a great deal to do with his mere unfamiliarity with the sea .
Father Brown was , perhaps , a little fanciful in his fatigue , but he almost thought the whole place must be growing larger , as things do in a nightmare .
When I remember how I ' ve cut down a mile and a half of green poisonous jungle with an old cutlass half as sharp as this ; and then remember I must stop here and chop this matchwood , because of some confounded old bargain scribbled in a family Bible , why , I --"
" I feel like that ," he said laughing , but furiously flinging the sword some yards down the path , " and now let ' s go up to the house ; you must have some dinner ."
This must be Seawood , I think -- Lord Pooley ' s experiment ; he had the Sicilian Singers down at Christmas , and there ' s talk about holding one of the great glove - fights here .
" This wood must be rotten ," said Flambeau .
And in the way he carried his cane in one hand and his cigar in the other there was a certain attitude -- an attitude we must always remember when we talk of racial prejudices : something innocent and insolent -- the cake walk .
" We must get away from here instantly ," cried Flambeau , flinging the huge seat away with furious indifference on the beach .
I can fancy a morbid man feeling he must kill his rival in the solitude and irony of such a scene .
No ; I think there must be some other -- Why , here we are at the Pavilion or Palace , or whatever they call it ."
As it is , I must ask you to announce that the fight is off for the present ."
It must mean empty spaces round him , and they are just what make him obvious .
" He must be still in England ," observed Flambeau , " and horridly well hidden , too .
They must have found him at the ports if he had only whitened his face ."
He supposed it must be the echo ; but the odd thing was that the echo was not in the least like the original sound .
He had a large palm - leaf hat on the back of his head ( suggesting a halo that was by no means appropriate to the face ), but otherwise he was clad only in a very vivid suit of striped scarlet and yellow pyjamas ; which , though glowing enough to behold , must have been , on a fresh morning , pretty chilly to wear .
" He must be far beyond trace now , I fear ," he said .
And it ' s time you had a treat , Audrey ; you mustn ' t be a housekeeper every hour of the day ; and I know you want to hear the music ."
I have since found he was quite right ; but ` opposite ' is a dangerous word when one decent house stands opposite five or six squalid ones ; and I must have mistaken the door .
But as you have seen the Monkey ' s Tail , we must pronounce the worst sentence .
"` It is vain to ask for mercy ; you must go free ,' said the smiling man .
" You must remember that mustard , vinegar , oil and so on vanished with the cruet and the burglar ."
Must you be going on ?
At first he thought he must have fancied it or been mocked by a mere echo of his own tramp .
All this morbid impressionism must be Kidd ' s excuse for having cried out , brutally and beyond all reason : " Did you do this , you devil ?"
" See here ," he said sharply and with command , " you must fetch a doctor .
You must understand that towards the end of his life he began to have those tricks of the nerves not uncommon with tyrants .
The bronze or copper of it had grown green with the eating airs of that exalted place , and Otto had instantly the thought , " Even if they had arms , they must be rusted by now ."
The stranger who looked for the first time at the quaint red houses could only think how very oddly shaped the people must be who could fit in to them .
It is because after they have passed Sloane Square they know that the next station must be Victoria , and nothing but Victoria .
" Must you go ?"
You say contemptuously that when one has left Sloane Square one must come to Victoria .
" You must not mind it ," said Gregory ; " it ' s a kind of screw ."
" I must ask you to forgive me all these formalities ," said Gregory ; " we have to be very strict here ."
" You must have bewitched me , but I feel a furious curiosity about you .
" The soldier must be calm in the thick of the battle ," pursued the policeman .
The moderns say we must not punish heretics .
You must , you shall , join our special army against anarchy .
For even the most dehumanised modern fantasies depend on some older and simpler figure ; the adventures may be mad , but the adventurer must be sane .
When Syme had seen him , his first thought was that the weight of him must break down the balcony of stone .
His fine face was so emaciated , that Syme thought it must be wasted with some disease ; yet somehow the very distress of his dark eyes denied this .
It must expand !
It must expand !
A man ' s brain must expand , if it breaks up the universe ."
" Not one word more about the plans and places must be said at this meeting .
Not one tiny detail more about what we mean to do must be mentioned in this company ."
" I must go off at once ; I have to take the chair at a Humanitarian meeting ."
I must be off .
" I must protest , President , that the thing is irregular ," he said .
Why must I be a policeman ?
For with any recovery from morbidity there must go a certain healthy humiliation .
We must call on him tomorrow morning ."
" You must excuse my manner ," said the Professor dismally , " my position is rather a curious one .
Syme , if we are to go through this interview and come out sane or alive , we must have some code of signals between us that this brute will not see .
" We must have several word - signs ," said Syme seriously --" words that we are likely to want , fine shades of meaning .
"' Lush ' too ," said Syme , shaking his head sagaciously , " we must have ' lush '-- word applied to grass , don ' t you know ?"
We must get used to it ."
He read the message , " You must go on .
" Yes ," assented the Professor , " you ' re quite right ; and we must hurry up , for I can see the Grey Nose standing out from France ."
We must do something to keep the Marquis in Calais till tomorrow midday .
You are my seconds , and everything must come from you .
Now you must insist , and insist absolutely , on the duel coming off after seven tomorrow , so as to give me the chance of preventing him from catching the 7 . 45 for Paris .
When the Marquis was informed by his seconds that Syme could only fight in the morning , he must fully have realised that an obstacle had suddenly arisen between him and his bomb - throwing business in the capital .
" To a man of the well - known skill and valour of Monsieur de St . Eustache ," said the Professor solemnly , " it must be a matter of indifference which method is adopted , and our principal has strong reasons for demanding the longer encounter , reasons the delicacy of which prevent me from being explicit , but for the just and honourable nature of which I can --"
" We must get down through the town of Lancy to the sea ," he said .
" Yes ," said Syme , " if we ride on fast we must leave them behind , for they are on foot ."
" They must be at least a hundred strong , for which reason we are all going to see my friend Renard , who has a motor - car ."
" If you really think that ordinary people in ordinary houses are anarchists , you must be madder than an anarchist yourself .
" Well , if there is ," said Bull impatiently , " it must be something else -- a sham fight or the mayor ' s birthday or something .
It must be a practical joke .
We may all be killed , but we must kill a tidy number of them ."
We must defend it till the Gendarmerie turn out .
said Bull desperately ; " there must be some people left in the town who are human ."
But Sunday must have killed him by now ."
Well , it must be hansom - cabs again if we are to keep him in sight ."
The blasted thing must come down somewhere .
But there must have been something in me that answered to the nerves in all these anarchic men .
said the widow , who , as she lay on her bed , which she knew must be her deathbed , was thinking of what would become of her children after she was gone .
* The driver came to Mary about a week after her mother ' s death , and told her that the rent must be brought in the next day , and that she must leave the cabin , for a new tenant was coming into it ; that she was too young to have a house to herself , and that the only thing she had to do was to get some neighbour to take her and her brother and her sisters in for charity ' s sake .
It was now September 25th , and he said that the new tenant must come in on the 29th , so that she must quit it directly .
As soon as they are cut , they must be flung into water , and kept there ; for otherwise they will dry and shrink , and the peel will not run .
When these junci are thus far prepared , they must lie out on the grass to be bleached and take the dew for some nights , and afterwards be dried in the sun .
" My hands must be washed ," said George , a little boy who came running in ; " I ran so fast that I might be in time , to go to work along with you all , that I tumbled down , and look how I have dirtied my hands .
My hands must be washed before I can do anything ."
said Mary ; for she saw that she must either get into a quarrel or give up her habitation , or comply with the conditions of this provoking old woman .
He replied , that it was very likely such coins had been found at Rossmore Castle , and that the ladies alluded to had probably seen them ; but he positively declared that they never came to his hands ; that he had restored all that were deposited with him ; and that , as to the others , he supposed they must have been taken out of the pot by the children , or by Edmund or Mary on their way from the ladies ' house to his .
The orphans , conscious of their own innocence , took no pains about the matter ; and the consequence was , that all who knew them well had no doubt of their honesty ; but many , who knew nothing of them , concluded that the agent must be in the right and the children in the wrong .
To comprehend why Edmund is joyful , our readers must be informed of certain things which happened after Isabella and Caroline went to Dublin .
cried Jem , swallowing the last mouthful hastily , as if he thought he had been too long at supper --" and now for the great needle ; I must see and mend Lightfoot ' s bridle afore I go to bed ."
We must see , Jem , and keep him fat ."
no : but I MUST , Jem ."
" MUST !
who says you MUST ?
why MUST you , mother ?"
" I must , I say , child .
Why , must not I pay my debts honestly ; and must not I pay my rent , and was not it called for long and long ago ; and have not I had time ; and did not I promise to pay it for certain Monday fortnight , and am not I two guineas short ; and where am I to get two guineas ?
" Lightfoot MUST go ."
" That I ' m sure of , my child ," said his mother , drawing him towards her and kissing him ; " you were always a good , industrious lad , THAT I will say afore your face or behind your back ;-- but it won ' t do now -- Lightfoot MUST go ."
" Why , mammy ' s horse ," added Jem , looking out of the window ; " I must make haste home , and feed him afore it gets dark ; he ' ll wonder what ' s gone with me ."
" I ' ve no story , ma ' am , to tell , but as how mammy says he must go to the fair Monday fortnight , to be sold , if she can ' t get the two guineas for her rent ; and I should be main sorry to part with him , for I love him , and he loves me ; so I ' ll work for him , I will , all I can .
Remember , you must be at the gates by six o ' clock ."
" I don ' t know well what tires me ; grandmother says I ' m ill , and I must take something -- I don ' t know what ails me ."
I must add , I believe , one other sixpence to make out your two guineas ."
" But ," continued Lawrence , " you know Monday is the great Bristol fair , and one must be merry then , of all the days in the year ."
but you must not talk of shame now you are in for it , and I sha ' n ' t let you off ; you owe us half a crown , recollect , and I must be paid to - night , so see and get the money somehow or other ."
Have it in mind that to - morrow ' s fair day , and Lightfoot must go .
You must know my Betty is sick , so I came with the milk myself , though it ' s not what I ' m used to ; for my Betty -- you know my Betty ?"
said he to himself , " it must be -- yet surely it can ' t be Lawrence !"
" We must take him before the justice ," said the farmer , " and he ' ll be lodged in Bristol gaol ."
" You must expect ," continued Mr . Spencer , " to meet with several disagreeable things , and a great deal of rough work , at your first setting out ; but be faithful and obedient to your mistress , and obliging to your fellow - servants , and all will go well .
" Dear , no , ma ' am , to be sure ; and cook must put up with her disappointment , that ' s all ."
In fact , Felix had till now professed himself his firm ally , and had on his part received from Franklin unequivocal proofs of friendship ; for it must be told that every other morning , when it was Felix ' s turn to get breakfast , Felix never was up in decent time , and must inevitably have come to public disgrace if Franklin had not got all the breakfast things ready for him , the bread and butter spread , and the toast toasted ; and had not , moreover , regularly , when the clock struck eight , and Mrs . Pomfret ' s foot was heard overhead , run to call the sleeping Felix , and helped him constantly through the hurry of getting dressed one instant before the housekeeper came downstairs .
" Call at the bookseller ' s in -- stay , I must write down the direction .
Besides , she had rated Felix ' s abilities very highly , because he made up her weekly accounts for her ; but unluckily once , when Franklin was out of the way , and she brought a bill in a hurry to her favourite to cast up , she discovered that he did not know how to cast up pounds , shillings and pence , and he was obliged to confess that she must wait till Franklin came home .
But , passing over a number of small incidents which gradually unfolded the character of the two boys , we must proceed to a more serious affair .
In the morning , when he got up , his hands trembled , his spirits flagged , he could do nothing until he had taken a dram -- an operation which he was obliged to repeat several times in the course of the day , as all those wretched people MUST who once acquire this habit .
He sighed -- drank -- hesitated -- drank again -- heard the landlord talk of his bill , saw the money produced which would pay it in a moment -- drank again -- cursed himself , and , giving his hand to the villain who was whispering in his ear , swore that he could not help it , and must do as they would have him .
Felix knew enough to ruin them , and must therefore be won over .
" If she asks me , you know I must tell the truth ," replied he .
" Must !"
repeated Felix , sneeringly ; " what , you MUST be a tell - tale !"
" Very sleepy , indeed ," answered her mistress in a drowsy voice ; " I think I must sleep half an hour longer -- shut the curtains ."
I ' m quite clear in my own judgment , that Mr . Corkscrew must have been out last night after I went to bed ; for , besides the japanned candlestick , which of itself I ' m sure is strong enough to hang a man , there ' s another circumstance , ma ' am , that certifies it to me -- though I have not mentioned it , ma ' am , to no one yet ," lowering her voice --" Franklin , when I questioned him , told me , that he left the lantern in the outside porch in the court last night , and this morning it was on the kitchen table .
In the daytime it must not be left in the door .
You must not tell anybody where you keep it at night ; and the house - door must not be unlocked after eleven o ' clock at night , unless by my orders .
" Then it must be all because you don ' t wish to oblige Mr .
" She must make up the garlands ; and she shall be Queen of the May !"
I wish he and his daughter Bab , or Miss Barbara , as she must now be called , were a hundred miles off , out of our way , I know .
" You said yesterday , father , I thought , that you liked a little cheerful wood fire in the evening ; and there was a great shower of hail ; your coat is quite wet , we must dry it ."
said Susan ; " tell me what I must pay ."
" It must come out ," said he , with a short sigh ; " I must leave you in three days , wife ."
" Must you ?"
" I ' m under the necessity of calling in the money I lent you some time ago , and you will please to take notice , that it must be paid to - morrow morning .
I ' ll get the money back from him , and go myself , if so be it must be so , into the militia -- so I will ."
Truth is truth , and must be spoken ; justice is justice , and should be done , Mr .
She was too certain that she had heard from her husband ' s own lips the words , " I MUST LEAVE YOU IN THREE DAYS "; and she wished that she could sleep again , and think it all a dream .
" I must get his linen ready for him .
Rose pushed the money towards her ; but just then , recollecting that she was acting for others more than for herself , and doubting whether she had full powers to conclude such an extravagant bargain , she gathered up the public treasure , and with newly - recovered prudence observed that she must go back to consult her friends .
" This is so like you -- but I ' m sorry that Miss Bab must keep your guinea - hen .
Betty , I must hear about it .
I ' ll wait till you go in with it to your mother ; for I must ask her how she does myself ."
_I_ must taste it ," said Bab , taking the basin up greedily .
After having walked up and down his room , conversing with himself , for some time , the attorney concluded that the agency must be given to somebody when Sir Arthur should have to attend his duty in Parliament ; that the agency , even for the winter season , was not a thing to be neglected ; and that , if he managed well , he might yet secure it for himself .
" It must be brought up before night - fall for the butcher , remember ."
She was not , to be sure , particularly inclined to draw out a long bill at this instant , but business must be done .
" He must be very old , for all his hair is white ; and he must have travelled a great way , for his shoes are quite worn out ," observed another .
" That is such a difficult question ," said the harper , " that I must take time to consider ."
Now I must bid you a good evening ; for I ' m in a great hurry to get home , and must go the short way across the fields here , which would not be so pleasant for you , because of the stiles .
" You have had a great deal of trouble with us , sir ," said she ; " and since Susan will not choose a gown for herself , I must ."
" I was thinking about it , boy , myself ," said the butcher ; " it ' s a sin to kill a PET LAMB , I ' m thinking -- any way , it ' s what I ' m not used to , and don ' t fancy doing , and I ' ll go and say as much to Attorney Case ; but he ' s a hard man ; there ' s but one way to deal with him , and that ' s the way I must take , though so be I shall be the loser thereby ; but we ' ll say nothing to the boys , for fear it might be the thing would not take ; and then it would be worse again to poor Susan , who is a good girl , and always was , as well as she may , being of a good breed , and well reared from the first ."
I must have it to DINE IN , at the Abbey , or the ladies will think nothing of me ; and Betty , remember the mantua - maker too .
I must see and coax papa to buy me a new gown against the ball .
" But , sir ," said the vulgar attorney , " I must make bold to differ with you in one point , and I ' ll appeal to Sir Arthur .
These poor brute beasts don ' t know aforehand what ' s going to happen to them ; and as for dying , it ' s what we must all do some time or another ; but to keep wringing the hearts of the living , that have as much sense as one ' s self , is what I call cruel ; and is not this what Attorney Case has been doing by poor Susan and her whole family , ever since he took a spite against them ?
Come , we must go about our business , and let her have them all to herself ."
I must cut your nice wings ; but I won ' t hurt you ."
This message led to another quarter of an hour ' s delay ; for he had the whole history of the guinea - hen to tell over again to Mrs . Price , and the farmer himself luckily came in whilst it was going on , so it was but civil to begin it afresh ; and then the farmer was so rejoiced to see his Susan so happy again with her two little favourites that he declared he must see Daisy fed himself ; and Philip found that he was wanted to hold the jug full of milk , out of which Farmer Price filled the pan for Daisy ?
When Barbara saw how little Susan sent , she called her A MISER , and she said she MUST have some more for Mrs . Strathspey .
" Susan ," said she , accosting the poor girl , whom she had done everything in her power to injure , " I must beg a little more honey from you for Mrs . Strathspey ' s breakfast .
You know , on a particular occasion such as this , neighbours must help one another ."
" It ' s a song , seemingly ; it must be somebody that has a mind to make an April fool of me ."
The man who drew up my lease made a mistake ; and if I must suffer for it , I must ," said the farmer .
Sir , I was the more loath to see it shut into his garden , which , moreover , is large enough of all conscience without it , because you must know , Sir Arthur , the children in our village are fond of making a little play - green of it ; and they have a custom of meeting on May day at a hawthorn that stands in the middle of it , and altogether I was very loath to see ' em turned out of it by those who have no right ."
" So great a lawyer , Mr . Case , as you are ," replied Sir Arthur , " must know , that a man cannot give up that to which he has no legal title ; and in this case it is impossible that , with the best intentions to oblige me in the world , you can give up this bit of land to me , because it is mine already , as I can convince you effectually by a map of the adjoining land , which I have fortunately safe amongst my papers .
I daresay you are quite correct ; you must know best ," said the attorney , trembling for the agency .
Susan gave it to her father ; but she must not refuse a gown of our choosing this time ; and I am sure she will not , because her mother , I see , likes it .
It must be large enough for everybody to have a slice , and the housekeeper will ice it for you .
" The words are something , but the tune -- the tune -- I must have the tune ," cried Philip .
He ran to look for it in the street , but could not find it , which I was very glad of ; but I was very sorry just now to find it myself lying upon this heap of shavings , sir , under this broken window ; for , as soon as I saw it lying there , I knew I must have been the person that broke the window ; and through this window came the white pigeon .
" Their good days they took all the best care of me that was to be had for love or money , and would , if I would let them , go on paying for my schooling now , falling as they be in the world ; but I must learn to mind the shop now .
I shall begin to teach him to - morrow morning ; and then , father , you know people often pay a great deal for sending messengers ; and no boy can run , no horse can gallop , so fast as a bird can fly ; therefore the bird must be the best messenger , and I should be paid the best price .
" The pigeon will be home long before me , father ; and he will come in at the kitchen window , and light upon the dresser ; then you must untie the little note which I shall have tied under his left wing , and you ' ll know the price of beef directly ."
" O , father , here ' s my white pigeon come back of his own accord ," exclaimed Brian ; " I must run and show him to my mother ."
" I must go to my mother , sir ," said the child ; " besides , you have spoiled all my lace .
But , for instance , to make a present of a thing that you know can be of no use to a person you neither love nor esteem , because it is her birthday , and because everybody gives her something , and because she expects something , and because your godmother says she likes that people should be generous , seems to me , my dear Rosamond , to be , since I must say it , rather more like folly than generosity ."
Now we must observe , that Rosamond ' s father had not been too severe upon Bell when he called her a silly girl .
" Why -- but you must not tell that I told you ."
" Why , if you are asked , you must tell the truth , to be sure .
repeated Bell , impatiently ; " I can ' t wait till then ; I must see it this minute ."
" Oh , no , you must not touch it ; for if you should spoil it , what would become of me ?"
But you know ," continued she , turning to the maid , " somebody must have done this , and I must know how it was done .
Miss Rosamond ' s charming present must not be spoiled in this way , in my house , without my taking proper notice of it .
I ' m sure she must have done it ; for here she was by herself half an hour or more , and not another creature has been in mistress ' dressing - room , to my certain knowledge , since morning .
I ' m sure she must have been meddling with it ," added the maid .
You must have opened my wardrobe ."
" Nay , you must decide that yourself , Rosamond ."
Mrs . Newington , Mr . Newington drinks your health ; for I suppose I must not be landlord any more in my own house ( shrugs ).
So , Mr . Newington , if you don ' t think proper to go up and inform the ladies above , that the Dolphin rooms are not for them , I must SPEAK myself , though ' tis a thing I never do when I can help it .
The Eton chap who wheedled me into lending him my best hunter last year , and was the ruination of him ; but that must be paid for , wheedle or no wheedle ; and , for the matter of wheedling , I ' d stake this here Mr . Wheeler , that is making up to me , do you see , against e ' er a boy , or hobbledehoy , in all Eton , London , or Christendom , let the other be who he will .
But as to the hunter , you must call upon Talbot -- do you understand ?
to pay for him ; for though Talbot and I had him the same day , ' twas Talbot did for him , and Talbot must pay .
The hunter , you know ; since Wheeler won ' t pay , I must -- that ' s all .
Well , then , my watch must go .
It must be bolted on the inside .
And it must be allowed that nothing in nature can have a better effect than Mr . Drake ' s flesh - colour and blue , with this Spanish hat , ma ' m , you see .
Don ' t be thanking so much for nothing in life ; or if you must be thanking of somebody , it ' s me you ought to thank .
I know I ' m of no consequence now ; but you ' ll remember , that if his lordship has the honour of making you captain , he must have the honour to pay for your captain ' s accoutrements ; for I sha ' n ' t pay the piper , I promise you , since I ' m of no consequence .
Why , sir , I was a - going to tell you the shabbiness -- why , sir , he did not pay the landlord , here , for the horse ; but he goes and says to the landlord , here --" Mr . Talbot had your horse on the self - same day ; ' twas he did the damage ; ' tis from he you must get your money ."
I must vote for him .
Wheeler , if you are not chosen Captain , you must see and pay me for the dress .
Lord J . I must not say , " Huzza for Talbot !"
Maurice saw that , if the captain took one more step forward , he must pull the string , so that it would throw down the jar , round the bottom of which the packthread was entangled .
you must all die now .
I am much happier since my father came to live here , and since you and I have been allowed to work and to play together , than I ever was before ; for you must know , before we came to live here , I had a cousin in the house with me , who used to plague me .
" Yes , let me read it , child , since I must ."
They know -- that is , Mr . Grant , who is sharp enough , knows -- that he will be worsted in that suit ; that he must , in short , pay you a good round sum for damages , if it goes on --"
He was convinced that all this must be owing to some accident or mistake .
I wish I could get this string off -- I must cut it ."
" Oh , sir ," interrupted Hal , " but if you mean that Ben should put in for the prize , he must have a uniform ."
" Why MUST he ?"
The name of Lady Diana Sweepstakes , Hal thought , must impress all present with respect ; he was highly astonished , when , as he looked round , he saw a smile of contempt upon everyone ' s countenance : and he was yet further bewildered , when he heard her spoken of as a very silly , extravagant , ridiculous woman , whose opinion no prudent person would ask upon any subject , and whose example was to be shunned , instead of being imitated .
" Ay , my dear Hal ," said his uncle , smiling at his look of amazement , " these are some of the things that young people must learn from experience .
All the world do not agree in opinion about characters : you will hear the same person admired in one company , and blamed in another ; so that we must still come round to the same point , ' Judge for yourself .'"
" I must buy some of those good things , for I have got some halfpence in my pocket ."
" Five - and - twenty shillings ?-- I could buy and do a great many things , to be sure , with five - and - twenty shillings ; but then , THE THING IS , I must go without the uniform , if I have the great - coat ."
We shall be late , I ' m afraid ," continued he , as the coach drove on : " but I must let you stop , Ben , with your goods , at the poor boy ' s door ."
you must take me with you ," said his pleased uncle ; " I like to see people made happy , as well as you do ."
Give me my bow , for I must go out upon the Downs and practise ."
said Ben , " I shall be glad of my good great - coat to - day ; for I ' ve a notion it will be rather cold upon the Downs , especially when we are standing still , as we must , whilst all the people are shooting ."
" Papa ," said Patty , " as we go up the hill where there is so much red mud , I must take care to pick my way nicely ; and I must hold up my frock , as you desired me , and , perhaps , you will be so good , if I am not troublesome , to lift me over the very bad place where are no stepping - stones .
" I must call to some of them , though , and leave orders where they are to join ."
You may shoot with your own bow , if you choose it , or you may not , just as you think proper ; but you must not lend it , sir ."
Well , and to be sure so it was , remarkably good time for your worship ; but folks in our way must be up betimes , you know .
For dinner , as sure as the clock strikes four -- but I mustn ' t stay prating , for it may be spoiling if I ' m away ; so I must wish your worship a good morning .
then first I must tell you how I came to suspect Mr . Magpie .
I know what I think -- you must keep that there magpie , and make a show of him , and I warrant he ' ll bring you many an honest penny ; for it ' s a TRUE STORY , and folks would like to hear it , I hopes --
The next day Mrs . Theresa Tattle did herself the honour to wait upon Mrs . Montague , " to apologize for the liberty she taken in inviting Mrs . Montague ' s charming Miss Marianne into her apartment to see Pretty Poll , and for the still greater liberty she had taken in offering her a piece of plum - cake -- inconsiderate creature that she was !-- which might possibly have disagreed with her , and which certainly were liberties she never should have been induced to take , if she had not been unaccountably bewitched by Miss Marianne ' s striking though highly flattering resemblance to a young gentleman ( an officer ) with whom she had danced , now nearly twelve years ago , of the name of Montague , a most respectable young man , and of a most respectable family , with which , in a remote degree , she might presume to say , she herself was someway connected , having the honour to be nearly related to the Joneses of Merionethshire , who were cousins to the Mainwarings of Bedfordshire , who married into the family of the Griffiths , the eldest branch of which , she understood , had the honour to be cousin - german to Mr . Montague ; on which account she had been impatient to pay a visit , so likely to be productive of most agreeable consequences , by the acquisition of an acquaintance whose society must do her infinite honour ."
This danger vanishing , Mrs . Tattle presently , with a rueful length of face , and formal preface , " hesitated to assure Mrs . Montague , that she was greatly distressed about her daughter Sophy ; that she was convinced her lungs were affected ; and that she certainly ought to drink the waters morning and evening ; and above all things , must keep one of the patirosa lozenges constantly in her mouth , and directly consult Dr . Cardamum , the best physician in the world , and the person she would send for herself upon her death - bed ; because , to her certain knowledge , he had recovered a young lady , a relation of her own , after she had lost one whole GLOBE * of her lungs ."
Neither was this universal adviser more successful in an attempt to introduce a tutor to Frederick , who , she apprehended , must want some one to perfect him in the Latin and Greek , and dead languages , of which , she observed , it would be impertinent for a woman to talk ; only she might venture to repeat what she had heard said by good authority , that a competency of the dead tongues could be had nowhere but at a public school , or else from a private tutor who had been abroad ( after the advantage of a classical education , finished in one of the universities ) with a good family ; without which introduction it was idle to think of reaping solid advantages from any continental tour ; all which requisites , from personal knowledge , she could aver to be concentrated in the gentleman she had the honour to recommend , as having been tutor to a young nobleman , who had now no further occasion for him , having , unfortunately for himself and his family , been killed in an untimely duel .
People must think children are very silly , or else they can never have reflected upon the nature of belief in their own minds , if they imagine that children will believe the words that are said to them , by way of moral , when the countenance , manner , and every concomitant circumstance tell them a different tale .
then we must go ," said Frederick .
The servant opened the door wider , to let him pass , and Marianne thought she must follow her brother : so they went downstairs together , while Sophy gave her own message to the servant , and quietly stayed at her usual occupations .
Well , ma ' am , then if I must eat something , send me a bit of fowl ; a leg and wing , the liver wing , and a bit of the breast , oyster sauce , and a slice of that ham , if you please , ma ' am .
She ' s a particular favourite of mine , you must know ; and I mean to do her a piece of service the first opportunity , by saying something or other , that shall go round to her relations in Northumberland , and make them do something for her ; as well they may , for they are all rolling in gold , and won ' t give her a penny ."
I absolutely must show you , some day , to my friend Lady Battersby ; you ' d absolutely make her die with laughing ; and she ' d quite adore you ," said Mrs . Theresa , who was well aware that every pause must be filled with flattery .
I must say that you are the best mimic of your age I ever saw , and I ' m sure Lady Battersby will think so too .
But with all that , you must know he ' s a mighty pleasant , fashionable young man when you come to know him , and has a great deal of sense under all that , and is of a very good family -- the Slangs , you know .
" Oh yes ; indeed you must not leave me without taking something ; and Miss Marianne must have another macaroon .
said Mrs . Tattle , in a more complacent tone , " the boy takes me for Miss Bertha Eden , I perceive "; and , flattered to be taken in the dark by a chimney - sweeper for a young and handsome lady , Mrs . Theresa laughed , and informed him " that they had mistaken the room ; and they must go up another pair of stairs , and turn to the left ."
I heard them talking about it in the kitchen ; but I only got a word here and there , for I was hunting for the snuff - dish , as I knew it must be for candles when I heard the bell ring , ma ' am ; so I thought to find the snuff - dish before I answered the bell , for I knew it must be for candles you rang .
" I ' m sure he must have taken some time to understand it ," interposed Mrs . Tattle , " for he ' s the slowest creature breathing , and the deafest in company .
" Oh , miss ," continued the servant , " and the chimney - sweep himself was so bruised , and must have been killed ."
You must let me introduce you to her ladyship to - morrow evening .
" My dear sir , at your age , must you ask your papa and mamma about such things ?"
" Must !
One must ask a wit , like a fine singer , so often .
" It shall , it must be done .
Oh , you must be quite mistaken , I hope ."
Young ladies should not be so forward to give opinions and advice to their elder brothers unasked ; and I presume that Mr . Frederick and I must know what ' s right as well as Miss Marianne .
" That ' s the lady ' s bell , and we must go ," said the blunt chimney - sweeper .
exclaimed Mrs . Theresa , " it must be your father and mother come back ."
The door was locked ; he must have gone up the chimney , out upon the leads , and so escaped ; but Christopher is after him .
they were not like real scenes -- Archer must know best , because he was used to these things ."
I must be gone .
" Gentlemen , I am sorry to interrupt your amusements ; but , till you have contrary orders from me , no one , on pain of my serious displeasure , must go into THAT building " ( pointing to the place where the theatre was erecting ).
We must all sit down with our hands before us -- all for ' GOOD REASONS ' of Dr . Middleton ' s , which he does not vouchsafe to tell us ."
I ' ll tell you , Mr . Chip ," said Archer , lowering his voice , " what you must do for me , my good fellow ."
At a little gate which looked into a lane , through which he guessed that the gipsy must pass , he stationed himself , saw her , gave her half a crown and her instructions , made his escape , and got back unsuspected to Fisher , whom he found in the attitude in which he had left him , watching the motion of the minute hand .
Silver won ' t do for so many ; gold is what must cross my hand ."
I must take care of that first ."
My mouth waters for the buns , and have ' em I must now ."
You must run this minute , run ."
" Yes ; I got back from my Aunt Barbara under pretence that I must study for repetition day an hour later to - night .
Order and punctuality , it appears , are necessary even in a Barring Out ; and even rebellion must have its laws .
" The clock ," added he , whispering , " must have been wrong , for it had not done striking when we began .
" I wish ye could all sleep on ," said he ; " but I must waken ye , though you will be only in my way .
The sound of my hammering must waken them ; so I may as well do the thing handsomely , and flatter some of them by pretending to ask their advice ."
I must think for ye all , I see , regularly ."
It may have surprised the intelligent reader that the gipsy was so punctual to her promise to Fisher , but we must recollect that her apparent integrity was only cunning ; she was punctual that she might be employed again , that she might be intrusted with the contribution which , she foresaw , must be raised amongst the famishing garrison .
The first thing I ask you to do for your own good , and when , if you had common sense , you must know I can want nothing but your good , you rebel against me .
I say , we ' d better all be flogged at once , which must be the end of it sooner or later , than wait here to be without dinner , breakfast , and supper , all only because Mr . Archer won ' t give up because of his honour and nonsense !"
" I am thinking ," said De Grey , " that Dr . Middleton must believe that I have betrayed his confidence in me .
" You must , however , acknowledge ," replied De Grey , smiling , " that no man but a fool thinks it honourable to be in the wrong AT LAST .
As for you , Mr . Fisher , depart ; you must never return hither again ."
exclaimed Louisa ; " then I am sure you must have done something VERY naughty ."
" Then I will keep a place for you , next to me ; but you must make haste , or you will have to come in when we have all sat down to supper , and then you will be so stared at !
Therefore I must judge of what I should do , by seeing what others do in the same circumstances ."
But you must not expect to succeed all at once .
I repeat it to you , for habit must be counteracted by habit .
If he continue to do so , he must conquer his sense of shame and lose his love of virtue .
The gilding is all rubbed off , so that I absolutely must buy this for her .
exclaimed Louisa , " this must be Cecilia ' s box .
Cecilia was so infatuated with her vanity , that she neither perceived Leonora ' s sign nor Louisa ' s confusion , but continued showing off her present , by placing it in various situations , till at length she put it into the case , and laying it down with an affected carelessness upon the bed , " I must go now , Louisa .
I have now as good a chance as Leonora , perhaps a better ; and must I give up all my hopes -- all that I have been labouring for this month past ?
" Must not this evening be given to the most amiable ?
' Then , madam ,' said she , ' if I must give it her , pray do take the Flora , and return it to her first , that she may not think it is for that I do it .'"
You must know , I got off the fish to - day that my father could not sell yesterday in the market -- got it off for fresh just out of the river -- got twice as much as the market price for it ; and from whom , think you ?
We must , in consideration of his zeal , fidelity and inexperience , pardon him for not being a good judge of fish .
We must have some of your grapes for him ."
" We must , then , pick out the best for him ," at the same time singling out a tempting bunch .
You must eat this , now , instead of gourds and figs -- and be thankful you have even this ."
" I was not thinking of the profits ," said Francisco ; " but without meaning to be ill - natured to you , Piedro , I must say that I cannot enter into any partnership with you at present ; but I will do what , perhaps , you will like as well ," said he , taking half the fruit out of his basket ; " you are heartily welcome to this ; try and sell it in the children ' s fruit market .
" Adieu , I wish you well with all my heart ; but I must leave you now , or I shall be too late for the market ."
" Why must the board tell a lie to - day ?"
" And so it is , I must allow ," said Carlo , measuring the outside of it with the carpenter ' s rule which he held in his hand .
" One should not praise one ' s self , they say ," continued Carlo , " but I long so much to gain your good opinion , that I must tell you the whole history of the rule you have restored .
Oh , I see we must be good friends , just made for each other ; so come in -- no ceremony ."
I must stop these tears , too ," said Carlo .
I shall have no money to give him : I must give back his shells , and that ' s a great pity ."
" You must come with me to Carlo ' s , and see how I spend my evenings ; then complain of me , if you can ."
* We must give those of our young English readers who may not be acquainted with the ancient city of Herculaneum , some idea of it .
Nay , you must not refuse me - - I have set my heart upon the cow being milked by you this very evening ; and I ' ll produce my best bunches of grapes , and my father , perhaps , will give us a melon ; for I ' ve had no time for melons this season ; and I ' ll step to Naples and invite -- may I , mother ?-- my good friends , dear Carlo and your favourite little Rosetta , and my old drawing master , and my friend Arthur , and we ' ll sup with you at your dairy ."
" He that would live in peace and rest , Must hear , and see , and say the best ."
Not to leave our readers longer in suspense , we must inform them that the peasants of Resina were right in their suspicions .
When his money was at an end , these unprincipled friends began to look cold upon him , and at last plainly told him --" If you mean to LIVE WITH US , you must LIVE AS WE DO ."
" I , that am padrona of the well ," said she , addressing herself to Francisco , who , with great attention , was contemplating her with the eye of a painter --" I , that am padrona of the well , must in times of scarcity do strict justice , and preserve for ourselves alone the water of our well .
" And if he cannot be won by fair means , he must be conquered by foul ," said the desperate villain ; " but if we offer him rather more than the count has already promised for his share of the booty , of course he will consult at once his safety and his interest ."
" My mind is determined upon this , and you must obey your leader : recollect the fate of him who failed me yesterday ."
He precipitately followed the firework - man the instant he left the shop , and seizing hold of his arm , whispered , " I must speak to you ."
" Not here ; this way ," said he , drawing him towards the dark passage : " what I have to say must not be overheard .
" But we are not to set out yet ," said the servant ; " it is but four miles to Torre del Greco ; the sbirri ( officers of justice ) are summoned -- they are to go with us -- we must wait for them ."
" Now that you are able to go out ," said Francisco ' s father to him , " you must come and look at my new house , my dear son ."
" But you know we must not go into the lane ," said Loveit , hesitatingly .
We must observe , that the necessity for continuing their depredations became stronger the third day ; for , though at first only a small party had been in the secret , by degrees it was divulged to the whole school ; and it was necessary to secure secrecy by sharing the booty .
" If I complain to their master ," said he to himself , " they will certainly be flogged , and that I should be sorry for : yet they must not be let to go on stealing ; that would be worse still , for it would surely bring them to the gallows in the end .
" So , sir ," said Mr . T . when the whisper was done , addressing himself to Hardy , with a voice and manner which , had he been guilty , must have pierced him to the heart , " I find I have been deceived in you ; it is but three hours ago that I told your uncle I never had a boy in my school in whom I placed so much confidence ; but , after all this show of honour and integrity , the moment my back is turned , you are the first to set an example of disobedience of my orders .
said he , appealing to Hardy , whose word he knew must be believed .
" Yes ," said the old woman ; " I will try what you can do ; but I must go up the hill along with you for the first two or three times , for fear you should get yourselves hurt ."
" Why , not so well as my grandmother , perhaps , but , Anne , I can tell you that you must not talk yourself , Anne , but you must listen to me quietly , or else you won ' t understand what I am going to tell you , for I can assure you that I don ' t think I quite understood it myself , Anne , the first time my grandmother told it to me , though I stood stock still listening my best ."
Now , if she gave you the guinea , she must have given it to you by mistake ."
Here , we must go through this gateway , into the inn - yard ; we are come to the ' Dun Cow .'"
I must make amends ," said he , laughing , " for my carelessness ; and as I threw away a guinea to - day , I must endeavour to save sixpence at least ?"
" There must be some mistake , or some trick in this ," said the gentleman .
I must see them -- send after them ."
" But ," said Anne , " we must tell all this to grandmother , and ask her about it ; and I ' m afraid -- though I ' m very happy -- that it is getting very late , and that we should not stay here any longer ."
Therefore you must not , in every case at least , take the higgledy - piggledy whale statements , however authentic , in these extracts , for veritable gospel cetology .
It is a matter of great astonishment that the consideration of the habits of so interesting , and , in a commercial point of view , so important an animal ( as the Sperm Whale ) should have been so entirely neglected , or should have excited so little curiosity among the numerous , and many of them competent observers , that of late years , must have possessed the most abundant and the most convenient opportunities of witnessing their habitudes ."
They must get just as nigh the water as they possibly can without falling in .
For to go as a passenger you must needs have a purse , and a purse is but a rag unless you have something in it .
On the contrary , passengers themselves must pay .
I take it that this part of the bill must have run something like this :
-- this , then must needs be the sign of " The Trap ."
Crossing this dusky entry , and on through yon low - arched way -- cut through what in old times must have been a great central chimney with fireplaces all round -- you enter the public room .
At any rate , I made up my mind that if it so turned out that we should sleep together , he must undress and get into bed before I did .
His voice at once announced that he was a Southerner , and from his fine stature , I thought he must be one of those tall mountaineers from the Alleghanian Ridge in Virginia .
Thinks I , I ' ll wait awhile ; he must be dropping in before long .
You and I must understand one another , and that too without delay .
Lord save me , thinks I , that must be the harpooneer , the infernal head - peddler .
I concluded that this harpooneer , in the course of his distant voyages , must have met with a similar adventure .
It was now quite plain that he must be some abominable savage or other shipped aboard of a whaleman in the South Seas , and so landed in this Christian country .
But there was no time for shuddering , for now the savage went about something that completely fascinated my attention , and convinced me that he must indeed be a heathen .
But seeing that it was not at all limber , and that it glistened a good deal like polished ebony , I concluded that it must be nothing but a wooden idol , which indeed it proved to be .
I lay there dismally calculating that sixteen entire hours must elapse before I could hope for a resurrection .
At last I must have fallen into a troubled nightmare of a doze ; and slowly waking from it -- half steeped in dreams -- I opened my eyes , and the before sun - lit room was now wrapped in outer darkness .
You must go to New Bedford to see a brilliant wedding ; for , they say , they have reservoirs of oil in every house , and every night recklessly burn their lengths in spermaceti candles .
No , thought I , there must be some sober reason for this thing ; furthermore , it must symbolize something unseen .
From thence it is the storm of God ' s quick wrath is first descried , and the bow must bear the earliest brunt .
And if we obey God , we must disobey ourselves ; and it is in this disobeying ourselves , wherein the hardness of obeying God consists .
So soon as I hear that such or such a man gives himself out for a philosopher , I conclude that , like the dyspeptic old woman , he must have " broken his digester ."
Consequently , I must then unite with him in his ; ergo , I must turn idolator .
The more so , I say , because truly to enjoy bodily warmth , some small part of you must be cold , for there is no quality in this world that is not what it is merely by contrast .
Alone in his canoe , he paddled off to a distant strait , which he knew the ship must pass through when she quitted the island .
But there were some boobies and bumpkins there , who , by their intense greenness , must have come from the heart and centre of all verdure .
We cannibals must help these Christians ."
But the directions he had given us about keeping a yellow warehouse on our starboard hand till we opened a white church to the larboard , and then keeping that on the larboard hand till we made a corner three points to the starboard , and that done , then ask the first man we met where the place was : these crooked directions of his very much puzzled us at first , especially as , at the outset , Queequeg insisted that the yellow warehouse -- our first point of departure -- must be left on the larboard hand , whereas I had understood Peter Coffin to say it was on the starboard .
But to my surprise and no small concern , Queequeg now gave me to understand , that he had been diligently consulting Yojo -- the name of his black little god -- and Yojo had told him two or three times over , and strongly insisted upon it everyway , that instead of our going together among the whaling - fleet in harbor , and in concert selecting our craft ; instead of this , I say , Yojo earnestly enjoined that the selection of the ship should rest wholly with me , inasmuch as Yojo purposed befriending us ; and , in order to do so , had already pitched upon a vessel , which , if left to myself , I , Ishmael , should infallibly light upon , for all the world as though it had turned out by chance ; and in that vessel I must immediately ship myself , for the present irrespective of Queequeg .
There was nothing so very particular , perhaps , about the appearance of the elderly man I saw ; he was brown and brawny , like most old seamen , and heavily rolled up in blue pilot - cloth , cut in the Quaker style ; only there was a fine and almost microscopic net - work of the minutest wrinkles interlacing round his eyes , which must have arisen from his continual sailings in many hard gales , and always looking to windward ;-- for this causes the muscles about the eyes to become pursed together .
I was a little staggered , but go a - whaling I must , and I would ; and the Pequod was as good a ship as any -- I thought the best -- and all this I now repeated to Peleg .
he must have more than that ."
Bildad laid down his book , and turning solemnly towards him said , " Captain Peleg , thou hast a generous heart ; but thou must consider the duty thou owest to the other owners of this ship -- widows and orphans , many of them -- and that if we too abundantly reward the labors of this young man , we may be taking the bread from those widows and those orphans .
Towards evening , when I felt assured that all his performances and rituals must be over , I went up to his room and knocked at the door ; but no answer .
That ' s strange , thought I ; but at any rate , since the harpoon stands yonder , and he seldom or never goes abroad without it , therefore he must be inside here , and no possible mistake .
Something must have happened .
she cried , " I thought something must be the matter .
It must be so ; yes , it ' s part of his creed , I suppose ; well , then , let him rest ; he ' ll get up sooner or later , no doubt .
After sitting a long time listening to the long stories of some sailors who had just come from a plum - pudding voyage , as they called it ( that is , a short whaling - voyage in a schooner or brig , confined to the north of the line , in the Atlantic Ocean only ); after listening to these plum - puddingers till nearly eleven o ' clock , I went up stairs to go to bed , feeling quite sure by this time Queequeg must certainly have brought his Ramadan to a termination .
Besides , argued I , fasting makes the body cave in ; hence the spirit caves in ; and all thoughts born of a fast must necessarily be half - starved .
" I mean ," he replied , " he must show his papers ."
" He must show that he ' s converted .
We must have Hedgehog there , I mean Quohog , in one of our boats .
Meanwhile Captain Bildad sat earnestly and steadfastly eyeing Queequeg , and at last rising solemnly and fumbling in the huge pockets of his broad - skirted drab coat , took out a bundle of tracts , and selecting one entitled " The Latter Day Coming ; or No Time to Lose ," placed it in Queequeg ' s hands , and then grasping them and the book with both his , looked earnestly into his eyes , and said , " Son of darkness , I must do my duty by thee ; I am part owner of this ship , and feel concerned for the souls of all its crew ; if thou still clingest to thy Pagan ways , which I sadly fear , I beseech thee , remain not for aye a Belial bondsman .
But you must jump when he gives an order .
" My friend ," said I , " what all this gibberish of yours is about , I don ' t know , and I don ' t much care ; for it seems to me that you must be a little damaged in the head .
Anyhow , it ' s all fixed and arranged a ' ready ; and some sailors or other must go with him , I suppose ; as well these as any other men , God pity ' em !
On the day following Queequeg ' s signing the articles , word was given at all the inns where the ship ' s company were stopping , that their chests must be on board before night , for there was no telling how soon the vessel might be sailing .
For besides the great length of the whaling voyage , the numerous articles peculiar to the prosecution of the fishery , and the impossibility of replacing them at the remote harbors usually frequented , it must be remembered , that of all ships , whaling vessels are the most exposed to accidents of all kinds , and especially to the destruction and loss of the very things upon which the success of the voyage most depends .
" He ' s a lively chief mate , that ; good man , and a pious ; but all alive now , I must turn to ."
Thinks I , Captain Peleg must have been drinking something to - day .
But , at last , he turned to his comrade , with a final sort of look about him ,--" Captain Bildad -- come , old shipmate , we must go .
But in that gale , the port , the land , is that ship ' s direst jeopardy ; she must fly all hospitality ; one touch of land , though it but graze the keel , would make her shudder through and through .
He must have been born in some time of general drought and famine , or upon one of those fast days for which his state is famous .
With memories like these in him , and , moreover , given to a certain superstitiousness , as has been said ; the courage of this Starbuck which could , nevertheless , still flourish , must indeed have been extreme .
What , perhaps , with other things , made Stubb such an easy - going , unfearing man , so cheerily trudging off with the burden of life in a world full of grave pedlars , all bowed to the ground with their packs ; what helped to bring about that almost impious good - humor of his ; that thing must have been his pipe .
I say this continual smoking must have been one cause , at least , of his peculiar disposition ; for every one knows that this earthly air , whether ashore or afloat , is terribly infected with the nameless miseries of the numberless mortals who have died exhaling it ; and as in time of the cholera , some people go about with a camphorated handkerchief to their mouths ; so , likewise , against all mortal tribulations , Stubb ' s tobacco smoke might have operated as a sort of disinfecting agent .
Anyway there ' s something on his mind , as sure as there must be something on a deck when it cracks .
By the Lord , I must have been dreaming , though -- How ?
hard must it go with me if thy charm be gone !
I promise nothing complete ; because any human thing supposed to be complete , must for that very reason infallibly be faulty .
Almost any one must have noticed that all the fish familiar to landsmen have not a flat , but a vertical , or up - and - down tail .
* Hence , all the smaller , spouting , and horizontal tailed fish must be included in this ground - plan of Cetology .
And so the appellation must at last have come to be bestowed upon the whale from which this spermaceti was really derived .
The name is of my own bestowal ; for there are more than one sort of porpoises , and something must be done to distinguish them .
But Ahab , my Captain , still moves before me in all his Nantucket grimness and shagginess ; and in this episode touching Emperors and Kings , I must not conceal that I have only to do with a poor old whale - hunter like him ; and , therefore , all outward majestical trappings and housings are denied me .
what shall be grand in thee , it must needs be plucked at from the skies , and dived for in the deep , and featured in the unbodied air !
To have been Belshazzar , King of Babylon ; and to have been Belshazzar , not haughtily but courteously , therein certainly must have been some touch of mundane grandeur .
For Flask to have presumed to help himself , this must have seemed to him tantamount to larceny in the first degree .
If Stubb even , who is but a peg higher than Flask , happens to have but a small appetite , and soon shows symptoms of concluding his repast , then Flask must bestir himself , he will not get more than three mouthfuls that day ; for it is against holy usage for Stubb to precede Flask to the deck .
How could he forget that in his Island days , Queequeg , for one , must certainly have been guilty of some murderous , convivial indiscretions .
For though their progenitors , the builders of Babel , must doubtless , by their tower , have intended to rear the loftiest mast - head in all Asia , or Africa either ; yet ( ere the final truck was put to it ) as that great stone mast of theirs may be said to have gone by the board , in the dread gale of God ' s wrath ; therefore , we cannot give these Babel builders priority over the Egyptians .
Admiral Nelson , also , on a capstan of gun - metal , stands his mast - head in Trafalgar Square ; and ever when most obscured by that London smoke , token is yet given that a hidden hero is there ; for where there is smoke , must be fire .
But neither great Washington , nor Napoleon , nor Nelson , will answer a single hail from below , however madly invoked to befriend by their counsels the distracted decks upon which they gaze ; however it may be surmised , that their spirits penetrate through the thick haze of the future , and descry what shoals and what rocks must be shunned .
Though , upon the whole , I greatly admire and even love the brave , the honest , and learned Captain ; yet I take it very ill of him that he should so utterly ignore that case - bottle , seeing what a faithful friend and comforter it must have been , while with mittened fingers and hooded head he was studying the mathematics aloft there in that bird ' s nest within three or four perches of the pole .
Beware of such an one , I say ; your whales must be seen before they can be killed ; and this sunken - eyed young Platonist will tow you ten wakes round the world , and never make you one pint of sperm the richer .
With bent head and half - slouched hat he continued to pace , unmindful of the wondering whispering among the men ; till Stubb cautiously whispered to Flask , that Ahab must have summoned them there for the purpose of witnessing a pedestrian feat .
" Captain Ahab ," said Tashtego , " that white whale must be the same that some call Moby Dick ."
that to fire others , the match itself must needs be wasting !
I think I see his impious end ; but feel that I must help him to it .
Tell ' em it ' s the resurrection ; they must kiss their last , and come to judgment .
I must have partners !
I heard old Ahab tell him he must always kill a squall , something as they burst a waterspout with a pistol -- fire your ship right into it !
It was hardly to be doubted , that several vessels reported to have encountered , at such or such a time , or on such or such a meridian , a Sperm Whale of uncommon magnitude and malignity , which whale , after doing great mischief to his assailants , had completely escaped them ; to some minds it was not an unfair presumption , I say , that the whale in question must have been no other than Moby Dick .
Nor , credulous as such minds must have been , was this conceit altogether without some faint show of superstitious probability .
But how can I hope to explain myself here ; and yet , in some dim , random way , explain myself I must , else all these chapters might be naught .
Though neither knows where lie the nameless things of which the mystic sign gives forth such hints ; yet with me , as with the colt , somewhere those things must exist .
Therefore , he must wait for the next ensuing season .
But as the mind does not exist unless leagued with the soul , therefore it must have been that , in Ahab ' s case , yielding up all his thoughts and fancies to his one supreme purpose ; that purpose , by its own sheer inveteracy of will , forced itself against gods and devils into a kind of self - assumed , independent being of its own .
Meanwhile , the whale he had struck must also have been on its travels ; no doubt it had thrice circumnavigated the globe , brushing with its flanks all the coasts of Africa ; but to no purpose .
Langsdorff , you must know by the way , was attached to the Russian Admiral Krusenstern ' s famous Discovery Expedition in the beginning of the present century .
But I must be content with only one more and a concluding illustration ; a remarkable and most significant one , by which you will not fail to see , that not only is the most marvellous event in this book corroborated by plain facts of the present day , but that these marvels ( like all marvels ) are mere repetitions of the ages ; so that for the millionth time we say amen with Solomon -- Verily there is nothing new under the sun .
But as he destroyed ships , as well as for other reasons , he must have been a whale ; and I am strongly inclined to think a sperm whale .
If , then , you properly put these statements together , and reason upon them a bit , you will clearly perceive that , according to all human reasoning , Procopius ' s sea - monster , that for half a century stove the ships of a Roman Emperor , must in all probability have been a sperm whale .
To accomplish his object Ahab must use tools ; and of all tools used in the shadow of the moon , men are most apt to get out of order .
Not only that , but the subtle insanity of Ahab respecting Moby Dick was noways more significantly manifested than in his superlative sense and shrewdness in foreseeing that , for the present , the hunt should in some way be stripped of that strange imaginative impiousness which naturally invested it ; that the full terror of the voyage must be kept withdrawn into the obscure background ( for few men ' s courage is proof against protracted meditation unrelieved by action ); that when they stood their long night watches , his officers and men must have some nearer things to think of than Moby Dick .
Granting that the White Whale fully incites the hearts of this my savage crew , and playing round their savageness even breeds a certain generous knight - errantism in them , still , while for the love of it they give chase to Moby Dick , they must also have food for their more common , daily appetites .
From even the barely hinted imputation of usurpation , and the possible consequences of such a suppressed impression gaining ground , Ahab must of course have been most anxious to protect himself .
For all these reasons then , and others perhaps too analytic to be verbally developed here , Ahab plainly saw that he must still in a good degree continue true to the natural , nominal purpose of the Pequod ' s voyage ; observe all customary usages ; and not only that , but force himself to evince all his well known passionate interest in the general pursuit of his profession .
Meantime , Queequeg ' s impulsive , indifferent sword , sometimes hitting the woof slantingly , or crookedly , or strongly , or weakly , as the case might be ; and by this difference in the concluding blow producing a corresponding contrast in the final aspect of the completed fabric ; this savage ' s sword , thought I , which thus finally shapes and fashions both warp and woof ; this easy , indifferent sword must be chance -- aye , chance , free will , and necessity -- nowise incompatible -- all interweavingly working together .
But you must not suppose from this specimen of his sermonizings that he ever flew into downright passions with his congregation .
But this was against all rule ; for the oarsmen must put out their eyes , and ram a skewer through their necks ; usage pronouncing that they must have no organs but ears , and no limbs but arms , in these critical moments .
Considering , therefore , that squalls and capsizings in the water and consequent bivouacks on the deep , were matters of common occurrence in this kind of life ; considering that at the superlatively critical instant of going on to the whale I must resign my life into the hands of him who steered the boat -- oftentimes a fellow who at that very moment is in his impetuousness upon the point of scuttling the craft with his own frantic stampings ; considering that the particular disaster to our own particular boat was chiefly to be imputed to Starbuck ' s driving on to his whale almost in the teeth of a squall , and considering that Starbuck , notwithstanding , was famous for his great heedfulness in the fishery ; considering that I belonged to this uncommonly prudent Starbuck ' s boat ; and finally considering in what a devil ' s chase I was implicated , touching the White Whale : taking all things together , I say , I thought I might as well go below and make a rough draft of my will .
As a general thing , the joint - owners of the Pequod must have plainly thought not .
But almost everybody supposed that this particular preparative heedfulness in Ahab must only be with a view to the ultimate chase of Moby Dick ; for he had already revealed his intention to hunt that mortal monster in person .
The best man in the ship must take the helm .
Though in the course of his continual voyagings Ahab must often before have noticed a similar sight , yet , to any monomaniac man , the veriest trifles capriciously carry meanings .
There is another little item about Gamming which must not be forgotten here .
And as for a tiller , the whale - boat never admits of any such effeminacy ; and therefore as in gamming a complete boat ' s crew must leave the ship , and hence as the boat steerer or harpooneer is of the number , that subordinate is the steersman upon the occasion , and the captain , having no place to sit in , is pulled off to his visit all standing like a pine tree .
You must know that in a settled and civilized ocean like our Atlantic , for example , some skippers think little of pumping their whole way across it ; though of a still , sleepy night , should the officer of the deck happen to forget his duty in that respect , the probability would be that he and his shipmates would never again remember it , on account of all hands gently subsiding to the bottom .
I tell ye what , men , old Rad ' s investment must go for it !
You must have heard of it .'
And here , gentlemen , the foul play of these miscreants must come out .
"' But I must ,'-- and the rope was once more drawn back for the stroke .
"' Then I must get some from old Rad ;' and he rose to go aft .
For all these reasons , then , any way you may look at it , you must needs conclude that the great Leviathan is that one creature in the world which must remain unpainted to the last .
His jets are erect , full , and black like soot ; so that from so abounding a smoke in the chimney , you would think there must be a brave supper cooking in the great bowels below .
But you must be a thorough whaleman , to see these sights ; and not only that , but if you wish to return to such a sight again , you must be sure and take the exact intersecting latitude and longitude of your first stand - point , else so chance - like are such observations of the hills , that your precise , previous stand - point would require a laborious re - discovery ; like the Soloma Islands , which still remain incognita , though once high - ruffed Mendanna trod them and old Figuera chronicled them .
The line originally used in the fishery was of the best hemp , slightly vapoured with tar , not impregnated with it , as in the case of ordinary ropes ; for while tar , as ordinarily used , makes the hemp more pliable to the rope - maker , and also renders the rope itself more convenient to the sailor for common ship use ; yet , not only would the ordinary quantity too much stiffen the whale - line for the close coiling to which it must be subjected ; but as most seamen are beginning to learn , tar in general by no means adds to the rope ' s durability or strength , however much it may give it compactness and gloss .
The sudden exclamations of the crew must have alarmed the whale ; and ere the boats were down , majestically turning , he swam away to the leeward , but with such a steady tranquillity , and making so few ripples as he swam , that thinking after all he might not as yet be alarmed , Ahab gave orders that not an oar should be used , and no man must speak but in whispers .
To insure the greatest efficiency in the dart , the harpooneers of this world must start to their feet from out of idleness , and not from out of toil .
Nevertheless , as the second iron is already connected with the line , and the line is running , hence that weapon must , at all events , be anticipatingly tossed out of the boat , somehow and somewhere ; else the most terrible jeopardy would involve all hands .
Furthermore : you must know that when the second iron is thrown overboard , it thenceforth becomes a dangling , sharp - edged terror , skittishly curvetting about both boat and whale , entangling the lines , or cutting them , and making a prodigious sensation in all directions .
Consider , now , how it must be in the case of four boats all engaging one unusually strong , active , and knowing whale ; when owing to these qualities in him , as well as to the thousand concurring accidents of such an audacious enterprise , eight or ten loose second irons may be simultaneously dangling about him .
Don ' t I always say that to be good , a whale - steak must be tough ?
Cook , go and talk to ' em ; tell ' em they are welcome to help themselves civilly , and in moderation , but they must keep quiet .
" Fellow - critters : I ' se ordered here to say dat you must stop dat dam noise dare .
you must stop dat dam racket !"
why , damn your eyes , you mustn ' t swear that way when you ' re preaching .
You must go home and be born over again ; you don ' t know how to cook a whale - steak yet ."
It ' s a ticklish business , but must be done , or else it ' s no go .
That mortal man should feed upon the creature that feeds his lamp , and , like Stubb , eat him by his own light , as you may say ; this seems so outlandish a thing that one must needs go a little into the history and philosophy of it .
" Queequeg no care what god made him shark ," said the savage , agonizingly lifting his hand up and down ; " wedder Fejee god or Nantucket god ; but de god wat made shark must be one dam Ingin ."
For the strain constantly kept up by the windlass continually keeps the whale rolling over and over in the water , and as the blubber in one strip uniformly peels off along the line called the " scarf ," simultaneously cut by the spades of Starbuck and Stubb , the mates ; and just as fast as it is thus peeled off , and indeed by that very act itself , it is all the time being hoisted higher and higher aloft till its upper end grazes the main - top ; the men at the windlass then cease heaving , and for a moment or two the prodigious blood - dripping mass sways to and fro as if let down from the sky , and every one present must take good heed to dodge it when it swings , else it may box his ears and pitch him headlong overboard .
I should say that those New England rocks on the sea - coast , which Agassiz imagines to bear the marks of violent scraping contact with vast floating icebergs -- I should say , that those rocks must not a little resemble the Sperm Whale in this particular .
Remember , also , that the surgeon must operate from above , some eight or ten feet intervening between him and his subject , and that subject almost hidden in a discoloured , rolling , and oftentimes tumultuous and bursting sea .
Bear in mind , too , that under these untoward circumstances he has to cut many feet deep in the flesh ; and in that subterraneous manner , without so much as getting one single peep into the ever - contracting gash thus made , he must skilfully steer clear of all adjacent , interdicted parts , and exactly divide the spine at a critical point hard by its insertion into the skull .
cried Captain Mayhew ; " thou must either --" But that instant a headlong wave shot the boat far ahead , and its seethings drowned all speech .
We must now retrace our way a little .
For , before we proceed further , it must be said that the monkey - rope was fast at both ends ; fast to Queequeg ' s broad canvas belt , and fast to my narrow leather one .
" Yes , this must be ginger ," peering into the as yet untasted cup .
It must be borne in mind that all this time we have a Sperm Whale ' s prodigious head hanging to the Pequod ' s side .
But we must let it continue hanging there a while till we can get a chance to attend to it .
But suddenly in the distance , they saw a great heap of tumultuous white water , and soon after news came from aloft that one or both the boats must be fast .
Moreover , while in most other animals that I can now think of , the eyes are so planted as imperceptibly to blend their visual power , so as to produce one picture and not two to the brain ; the peculiar position of the whale ' s eyes , effectually divided as they are by many cubic feet of solid head , which towers between them like a great mountain separating two lakes in valleys ; this , of course , must wholly separate the impressions which each independent organ imparts .
The whale , therefore , must see one distinct picture on this side , and another distinct picture on that side ; while all between must be profound darkness and nothingness to him .
But I must be content with a hint .
True , both his eyes , in themselves , must simultaneously act ; but is his brain so much more comprehensive , combining , and subtle than man ' s , that he can at the same moment of time attentively examine two distinct prospects , one on one side of him , and the other in an exactly opposite direction ?
It may be but an idle whim , but it has always seemed to me , that the extraordinary vacillations of movement displayed by some whales when beset by three or four boats ; the timidity and liability to queer frights , so common to such whales ; I think that all this indirectly proceeds from the helpless perplexity of volition , in which their divided and diametrically opposite powers of vision must involve them .
This whale is not dead ; he is only dispirited ; out of sorts , perhaps ; hypochondriac ; and so supine , that the hinges of his jaw have relaxed , leaving him there in that ungainly sort of plight , a reproach to all his tribe , who must , no doubt , imprecate lock - jaws upon him .
At any rate , if we yield to it , we must grant a far greater age to the Right Whale than at first glance will seem reasonable .
Ere this , you must have plainly seen the truth of what I started with -- that the Sperm Whale and the Right Whale have almost entirely different heads .
Here is a vital point ; for you must either satisfactorily settle this matter with yourself , or for ever remain an infidel as to one of the most appalling , but not the less true events , perhaps anywhere to be found in all recorded history .
Wherefore , you must now have perceived that the front of the Sperm Whale ' s head is a dead , blind wall , without a single organ or tender prominence of any sort whatsoever .
But to comprehend it aright , you must know something of the curious internal structure of the thing operated upon .
And since the nose is the central and most conspicuous of the features ; and since it perhaps most modifies and finally controls their combined expression ; hence it would seem that its entire absence , as an external appendage , must very largely affect the countenance of the whale .
Nevertheless , he stuck to their wake , though indeed their back water must have retarded him , because the white - bone or swell at his broad muzzle was a dashed one , like the swell formed when two hostile currents meet .
it must be , he ' s lost his tiller ."
Seeing now that but a very few moments more would give the Pequod ' s boats the advantage , and rather than be thus foiled of his game , Derick chose to hazard what to him must have seemed a most unusually long dart , ere the last chance would for ever escape .
It must at least equal the weight of fifty atmospheres .
In that sloping afternoon sunlight , the shadows that the three boats sent down beneath the surface , must have been long enough and broad enough to shade half Xerxes ' army .
Who can tell how appalling to the wounded whale must have been such huge phantoms flitting over his head !
For all his old age , and his one arm , and his blind eyes , he must die the death and be murdered , in order to light the gay bridals and other merry - makings of men , and also to illuminate the solemn churches that preach unconditional inoffensiveness by all to all .
But as the stumps of harpoons are frequently found in the dead bodies of captured whales , with the flesh perfectly healed around them , and no prominence of any kind to denote their place ; therefore , there must needs have been some other unknown reason in the present case fully to account for the ulceration alluded to .
By thunder , men , we must do something or go for it .
When Brahma , or the God of Gods , saith the Shaster , resolved to recreate the world after one of its periodical dissolutions , he gave birth to Vishnoo , to preside over the work ; but the Vedas , or mystical books , whose perusal would seem to have been indispensable to Vishnoo before beginning the creation , and which therefore must have contained something in the shape of practical hints to young architects , these Vedas were lying at the bottom of the waters ; so Vishnoo became incarnate in a whale , and sounding down in him to the uttermost depths , rescued the sacred volumes .
But this objection likewise falls to the ground , because a German exegetist supposes that Jonah must have taken refuge in the floating body of a DEAD whale -- even as the French soldiers in the Russian campaign turned their dead horses into tents , and crawled into them .
Such unintermitted strainings upon the planted iron must sooner or later inevitably extract it .
As a general thing , therefore , you must first get fast to a whale , before any pitchpoling comes into play .
"' Tis July ' s immortal Fourth ; all fountains must run wine today !
In man , breathing is incessantly going on -- one breath only serving for two or three pulsations ; so that whatever other business he has to attend to , waking or sleeping , breathe he must , or die he will .
But sperm whales are not every day encountered ; while you may , then , you must kill all you can .
And if you cannot kill them all at once , you must wing them , so that they can be afterwards killed at your leisure .
We must watch for a breach in the living wall that hemmed us in ; the wall that had only admitted us in order to shut us up .
Now , inclusive of the occasional wide intervals between the revolving outer circles , and inclusive of the spaces between the various pods in any one of those circles , the entire area at this juncture , embraced by the whole multitude , must have contained at least two or three square miles .
Now , though such great bodies are at times encountered , yet , as must have been seen , even at the present day , small detached bands are occasionally observed , embracing from twenty to fifty individuals each .
As for the sons and the daughters they beget , why , those sons and daughters must take care of themselves ; at least , with only the maternal help .
His title , schoolmaster , would very naturally seem derived from the name bestowed upon the harem itself , but some have surmised that the man who first thus entitled this sort of Ottoman whale , must have read the memoirs of Vidocq , and informed himself what sort of a country - schoolmaster that famous Frenchman was in his younger days , and what was the nature of those occult lessons he inculcated into some of his pupils .
Latin from the books of the Laws of England , which taken along with the context , means , that of all whales captured by anybody on the coast of that land , the King , as Honourary Grand Harpooneer , must have the head , and the Queen be respectfully presented with the tail .
We must needs inquire then on what principle the Sovereign is originally invested with that right .
I know not that any other author has hinted of the matter ; but by inference it seems to me that the sturgeon must be divided in the same way as the whale , the King receiving the highly dense and elastic head peculiar to that fish , which , symbolically regarded , may possibly be humorously grounded upon some presumed congeniality .
Presently , the vapours in advance slid aside ; and there in the distance lay a ship , whose furled sails betokened that some sort of whale must be alongside .
As we glided nearer , the stranger showed French colours from his peak ; and by the eddying cloud of vulture sea - fowl that circled , and hovered , and swooped around him , it was plain that the whale alongside must be what the fishermen call a blasted whale , that is , a whale that has died unmolested on the sea , and so floated an unappropriated corpse .
It may well be conceived , what an unsavory odor such a mass must exhale ; worse than an Assyrian city in the plague , when the living are incompetent to bury the departed .
In fact , tell him I must go ."
Must it not be to that famous elephant , with jewelled tusks , and redolent with myrrh , which was led out of an Indian town to do honour to Alexander the Great ?
ye have heard of him before ; ye must remember his tambourine on that dramatic midnight , so gloomy - jolly .
For now , since by many prolonged , repeated experiences , I have perceived that in all cases man must eventually lower , or at least shift , his conceit of attainable felicity ; not placing it anywhere in the intellect or the fancy ; but in the wife , the heart , the bed , the table , the saddle , the fireside , the country ; now that I have perceived all this , I am ready to squeeze case eternally .
for his smoke is horrible to inhale , and inhale it you must , and not only that , but you must live in it for the time .
" No fairy fingers can have pressed the gold , but devil ' s claws must have left their mouldings there since yesterday ," murmured Starbuck to himself , leaning against the bulwarks .
you lie there ; the fact is , you books must know your places .
But , avast ; here comes our old Manxman -- the old hearse - driver , he must have been , that is , before he took to the sea .
" If the White Whale be raised , it must be in a month and a day , when the sun stands in some one of these signs .
And in the present instance , all this was heightened by the sight of the two officers of the strange ship , leaning over the side , by the perpendicular ladder of nailed cleets there , and swinging towards him a pair of tastefully - ornamented man - ropes ; for at first they did not seem to bethink them that a one - legged man must be too much of a cripple to use their sea bannisters .
" My captain , you must have ere this perceived , respected sir "-- said the imperturbable godly - looking Bunger , slightly bowing to Ahab --" is apt to be facetious at times ; he spins us many clever things of that sort .
All honour to the Enderbies , therefore , whose house , I think , exists to the present day ; though doubtless the original Samuel must long ago have slipped his cable for the great South Sea of the other world .
Hence , in the English , this thing of whaling good cheer is not normal and natural , but incidental and particular ; and , therefore , must have some special origin , which is here pointed out , and will be still further elucidated .
During my researches in the Leviathanic histories , I stumbled upon an ancient Dutch volume , which , by the musty whaling smell of it , I knew must be about whalers .
The title was , " Dan Coopman ," wherefore I concluded that this must be the invaluable memoirs of some Amsterdam cooper in the fishery , as every whale ship must carry its cooper .
But as the colossal skull embraces so very large a proportion of the entire extent of the skeleton ; as it is by far the most complicated part ; and as nothing is to be repeated concerning it in this chapter , you must not fail to carry it in your mind , or under your arm , as we proceed , otherwise you will not gain a complete notion of the general structure we are about to view .
In length , the Sperm Whale ' s skeleton at Tranque measured seventy - two Feet ; so that when fully invested and extended in life , he must have been ninety feet long ; for in the whale , the skeleton loses about one fifth in length compared with the living body .
Now , the greatest depth of the invested body of this particular whale must have been at least sixteen feet ; whereas , the corresponding rib measured but little more than eight feet .
To produce a mighty book , you must choose a mighty theme .
I am horror - struck at this antemosaic , unsourced existence of the unspeakable terrors of the whale , which , having been before all time , must needs exist after all humane ages are over .
Nor must there be omitted another strange attestation of the antiquity of the whale , in his own osseous post - diluvian reality , as set down by the venerable John Leo , the old Barbary traveller .
Assuredly , we must conclude so , if we are to credit the accounts of such gentlemen as Pliny , and the ancient naturalists generally .
Whether owing to the almost omniscient look - outs at the mast - heads of the whaleships , now penetrating even through Behring ' s straits , and into the remotest secret drawers and lockers of the world ; and the thousand harpoons and lances darted along all continental coasts ; the moot point is , whether Leviathan can long endure so wide a chase , and so remorseless a havoc ; whether he must not at last be exterminated from the waters , and the last whale , like the last man , smoke his last pipe , and then himself evaporate in the final puff .
But you must look at this matter in every light .
Moreover : we are to consider , that from the presumed great longevity of whales , their probably attaining the age of a century and more , therefore at any one period of time , several distinct adult generations must be contemporary .
To trail the genealogies of these high mortal miseries , carries us at last among the sourceless primogenitures of the gods ; so that , in the face of all the glad , hay - making suns , and soft cymballing , round harvest - moons , we must needs give in to this : that the gods themselves are not for ever glad .
He was a pure manipulator ; his brain , if he had ever had one , must have early oozed along into the muscles of his fingers .
There ; before I saw it off , now , I must call his old Mogulship , and see whether the length will be all right ; too short , if anything , I guess .
He must be forging the buckle - screw , sir , now .
Aye , sir ; he must have the white heat for this kind of fine work .
So he must .
I do deem it now a most meaning thing , that that old Greek , Prometheus , who made men , they say , should have been a blacksmith , and animated them with fire ; for what ' s made in fire must properly belong to fire ; and so hell ' s probable .
This must be the remainder the Greek made the Africans of .
No , no , no ; I must have a lantern .
Truly , sir , if it comes to that , I must calculate over again ; I think I didn ' t carry a small figure , sir .
Now , for most folks one pair of legs lasts a lifetime , and that must be because they use them mercifully , as a tender - hearted old lady uses her roly - poly old coach - horses .
no inconsiderable oil came up with the water ; the casks below must have sprung a bad leak .
We must up Burtons and break out ."
Upon searching , it was found that the casks last struck into the hold were perfectly sound , and that the leak must be further off .
So with poor Queequeg , who , as harpooneer , must not only face all the rage of the living whale , but -- as we have elsewhere seen -- mount his dead back in a rolling sea ; and finally descend into the gloom of the hold , and bitterly sweating all day in that subterraneous confinement , resolutely manhandle the clumsiest casks and see to their stowage .
If ye find him , then comfort him ; for he must be very sad ; for look !
And this thought it must have been which suggested to Ahab that wild exclamation of his , when one morning turning away from surveying poor Queequeg --" Oh , devilish tantalization of the gods !"
To any meditative Magian rover , this serene Pacific , once beheld , must ever after be the sea of his adoption .
Lifted by those eternal swells , you needs must own the seductive god , bowing your head to Pan .
But few thoughts of Pan stirred Ahab ' s brain , as standing like an iron statue at his accustomed place beside the mizen rigging , with one nostril he unthinkingly snuffed the sugary musk from the Bashee isles ( in whose sweet woods mild lovers must be walking ), and with the other consciously inhaled the salt breath of the new found sea ; that sea in which the hated White Whale must even then be swimming .
But now for the barbs ; thou must make them thyself , man .
Our souls are like those orphans whose unwedded mothers die in bearing them : the secret of our paternity lies in their grave , and we must there to learn it .
" But I said , old man , that ere thou couldst die on this voyage , two hearses must verily be seen by thee on the sea ; the first not made by mortal hands ; and the visible wood of the last one must be grown in America ."
" And when thou art so gone before -- if that ever befall -- then ere I can follow , thou must still appear to me , to pilot me still ?-- Was it not so ?
At length the desired observation was taken ; and with his pencil upon his ivory leg , Ahab soon calculated what his latitude must be at that precise instant .
This instant thou must be eyeing him .
Well , well ; I heard Ahab mutter , ' Here some one thrusts these cards into these old hands of mine ; swears that I must play them , and no others .'
Now jump overboard , and sing away , if thou must !
But as this conductor must descend to considerable depth , that its end may avoid all contact with the hull ; and as moreover , if kept constantly towing there , it would be liable to many mishaps , besides interfering not a little with some of the rigging , and more or less impeding the vessel ' s way in the water ; because of all this , the lower parts of a ship ' s lightning - rods are not always overboard ; but are generally made in long slender links , so as to be the more readily hauled up into the chains outside , or thrown down into the sea , as occasion may require .
We must send down the main - top - sail yard , sir .
No more monkey - jackets and tarpaulins for me ; I must mount a swallow - tail , and drive down a beaver ; so .
I must see .
I must see to the deck here .
Upon this every soul was confounded ; for the phenomenon just then observed by Ahab had unaccountably escaped every one else ; but its very blinding palpableness must have been the cause .
Here , it must needs be said , that accidents like this have in more than one case occurred to ships in violent storms .
Those rocky islands the ship had passed were the resort of great numbers of seals , and some young seals that had lost their dams , or some dams that had lost their cubs , must have risen nigh the ship and kept company with her , crying and sobbing with their human sort of wail .
Oh , I ' m indifferent enough , sir , for that ; but the reason why the grave - digger made music must have been because there was none in his spade , sir .
Some unknown conduits from the unknown worlds must empty into thee !"
In the distance he saw the diminished dotted boat ; and then a swift gleam of bubbling white water ; and after that nothing more ; whence it was concluded that the stricken whale must have indefinitely run away with his pursuers , as often happens .
See , Flask , only see how pale he looks -- pale in the very buttons of his eyes -- look -- it wasn ' t the coat -- it must have been the --"
" For eight - and - forty hours let me charter your ship -- I will gladly pay for it , and roundly pay for it -- if there be no other way -- for eight - and - forty hours only -- only that -- you must , oh , you must , and you SHALL do this thing ."
We must save that boy ."
God bless ye , man , and may I forgive myself , but I must go .
Lad , lad , I tell thee thou must not follow Ahab now .
Aye , lad , thou shalt sit here in my own screwed chair ; another screw to it , thou must be ."
Sir , I must go with ye ."
He must be up here ; let ' s try the door .
It must be the spell ; he told me to stay here : Aye , and told me this screwed chair was mine .
Ahab must have the doubloon !
He declared that a whale must be near .
By this motion the whale must best and most comprehensively view whatever objects may be encircling him .
We must not run over him before morning ; he ' s making a passage now , and may heave - to a while .
But to render this acuteness at all successful in the end , the wind and the sea must be the whaleman ' s allies ; for of what present avail to the becalmed or windbound mariner is the skill that assures him he is exactly ninety - three leagues and a quarter from his port ?
cried Stubb --" he must have been caught in --"
And still this hair is growing now ; this moment growing , and heat must breed it ; but no , it ' s like that sort of common grass that will grow anywhere , between the earthy clefts of Greenland ice or in Vesuvius lava .
Aye , aye , it must be so .
So , so ; he travels fast , and I must down .
They must lead somewhere -- to something else than common land , more palmy than the palms .
Let not Starbuck die , if die he must , in a woman ' s fainting fit .
must ye then perish , and without me ?
If then his providence Out of our evil seek to bring forth good , Our labour must be to pervert that end , And out of good still to find means of evil ; Which ofttimes may succeed so as perhaps Shall grieve him , if I fail not , and disturb His inmost counsels from their destined aim .
" Is this the region , this the soil , the clime ," Said then the lost Archangel , " this the seat That we must change for Heaven ?-- this mournful gloom For that celestial light ?
But these thoughts Full counsel must mature .
War , then , war Open or understood , must be resolved ."
Where pain of unextinguishable fire Must exercise us without hope of end The vassals of his anger , when the scourge Inexorably , and the torturing hour , Calls us to penance ?
Thus repulsed , our final hope Is flat despair : we must exasperate Th ' Almighty Victor to spend all his rage ; And that must end us ; that must be our cure -- To be no more .
I laugh when those who at the spear are bold And venturous , if that fail them , shrink , and fear What yet they know must follow -- to endure Exile , or igominy , or bonds , or pain , The sentence of their Conqueror .
This must be our task In Heaven , this our delight .
Our torments also may , in length of time , Become our elements , these piercing fires As soft as now severe , our temper changed Into their temper ; which must needs remove The sensible of pain .
or these titles now Must we renounce , and , changing style , be called Princes of Hell ?
Thus saying , rose The Monarch , and prevented all reply ; Prudent lest , from his resolution raised , Others among the chief might offer now , Certain to be refused , what erst they feared , And , so refused , might in opinion stand His rivals , winning cheap the high repute Which he through hazard huge must earn .
Into this wild Abyss , The womb of Nature , and perhaps her grave , Of neither sea , nor shore , nor air , nor fire , But all these in their pregnant causes mixed Confusedly , and which thus must ever fight , Unless th ' Almighty Maker them ordain His dark materials to create more worlds -- Into this wild Abyss the wary Fiend Stood on the brink of Hell and looked a while , Pondering his voyage ; for no narrow frith He had to cross .
Not free , what proof could they have given sincere Of true allegiance , constant faith or love , Where only what they needs must do appear ' d , Not what they would ?
So without least impulse or shadow of fate , Or aught by me immutably foreseen , They trespass , authors to themselves in all Both what they judge , and what they choose ; for so I form ' d them free : and free they must remain , Till they enthrall themselves ; I else must change Their nature , and revoke the high decree Unchangeable , eternal , which ordain ' d $ THeir freedom : they themselves ordain ' d their fall .
But yet all is not done ; Man disobeying , Disloyal , breaks his fealty , and sins Against the high supremacy of Heaven , Affecting God - head , and , so losing all , To expiate his treason hath nought left , But to destruction sacred and devote , He , with his whole posterity , must die , Die he or justice must ; unless for him Some other able , and as willing , pay The rigid satisfaction , death for death .
And now without redemption all mankind Must have been lost , adjudg ' d to Death and Hell By doom severe , had not the Son of God , In whom the fulness dwells of love divine , His dearest mediation thus renew ' d .
that now , While time was , our first parents had been warned The coming of their secret foe , and ' scaped , Haply so ' scaped his mortal snare : For now Satan , now first inflamed with rage , came down , The tempter ere the accuser of mankind , To wreak on innocent frail Man his loss Of that first battle , and his flight to Hell : Yet , not rejoicing in his speed , though bold Far off and fearless , nor with cause to boast , Begins his dire attempt ; which nigh the birth Now rolling boils in his tumultuous breast , And like a devilish engine back recoils Upon himself ; horrour and doubt distract His troubled thoughts , and from the bottom stir The Hell within him ; for within him Hell He brings , and round about him , nor from Hell One step , no more than from himself , can fly By change of place : Now conscience wakes despair , That slumbered ; wakes the bitter memory Of what he was , what is , and what must be Worse ; of worse deeds worse sufferings must ensue .
gentle pair , ye little think how nigh Your change approaches , when all these delights Will vanish , and deliver ye to woe ; More woe , the more your taste is now of joy ; Happy , but for so happy ill secured Long to continue , and this high seat your Heaven Ill fenced for Heaven to keep out such a foe As now is entered ; yet no purposed foe To you , whom I could pity thus forlorn , Though I unpitied : League with you I seek , And mutual amity , so strait , so close , That I with you must dwell , or you with me Henceforth ; my dwelling haply may not please , Like this fair Paradise , your sense ; yet such Accept your Maker ' s work ; he gave it me , Which I as freely give : Hell shall unfold , To entertain you two , her widest gates , And send forth all her kings ; there will be room , Not like these narrow limits , to receive Your numerous offspring ; if no better place , Thank him who puts me loth to this revenge On you who wrong me not for him who wronged .
Sole partner , and sole part , of all these joys , Dearer thyself than all ; needs must the Power That made us , and for us this ample world , Be infinitely good , and of his good As liberal and free as infinite ; That raised us from the dust , and placed us here In all this happiness , who at his hand Have nothing merited , nor can perform Aught whereof he hath need ; he who requires From us no other service than to keep This one , this easy charge , of all the trees In Paradise that bear delicious fruit So various , not to taste that only tree Of knowledge , planted by the tree of life ; So near grows death to life , whate ' er death is , Some dreadful thing no doubt ; for well thou knowest God hath pronounced it death to taste that tree , The only sign of our obedience left , Among so many signs of power and rule Conferred upon us , and dominion given Over all other creatures that possess Earth , air , and sea .
hence I will excite their minds With more desire to know , and to reject Envious commands , invented with design To keep them low , whom knowledge might exalt Equal with Gods : aspiring to be such , They taste and die : What likelier can ensue But first with narrow search I must walk round This garden , and no corner leave unspied ; A chance but chance may lead where I may meet Some wandering Spirit of Heaven by fountain side , Or in thick shade retired , from him to draw What further would be learned .
This day at highth of noon came to my sphere A Spirit , zealous , as he seemed , to know More of the Almighty ' s works , and chiefly Man , God ' s latest image : I described his way Bent all on speed , and marked his aery gait ; But in the mount that lies from Eden north , Where he first lighted , soon discerned his looks Alien from Heaven , with passions foul obscured : Mine eye pursued him still , but under shade Lost sight of him : One of the banished crew , I fear , hath ventured from the deep , to raise New troubles ; him thy care must be to find .
To - morrow , ere fresh morning streak the east With first approach of light , we must be risen , And at our pleasant labour , to reform Yon flowery arbours , yonder alleys green , Our walk at noon , with branches overgrown , That mock our scant manuring , and require More hands than ours to lop their wanton growth : Those blossoms also , and those dropping gums , That lie bestrown , unsightly and unsmooth , Ask riddance , if we mean to tread with ease ; Mean while , as Nature wills , night bids us rest .
If I must contend , said he , Best with the best , the sender , not the sent , Or all at once ; more glory will be won , Or less be lost .
So saying , with dispatchful looks in haste She turns , on hospitable thoughts intent What choice to choose for delicacy best , What order , so contrived as not to mix Tastes , not well joined , inelegant , but bring Taste after taste upheld with kindliest change ; Bestirs her then , and from each tender stalk Whatever Earth , all - bearing mother , yields In India East or West , or middle shore In Pontus or the Punick coast , or where Alcinous reigned , fruit of all kinds , in coat Rough , or smooth rind , or bearded husk , or shell , She gathers , tribute large , and on the board Heaps with unsparing hand ; for drink the grape She crushes , inoffensive must , and meaths From many a berry , and from sweet kernels pressed She tempers dulcet creams ; nor these to hold Wants her fit vessels pure ; then strows the ground With rose and odours from the shrub unfumed .
God made thee perfect , not immutable ; And good he made thee , but to persevere He left it in thy power ; ordained thy will By nature free , not over - ruled by fate Inextricable , or strict necessity : Our voluntary service he requires , Not our necessitated ; such with him Finds no acceptance , nor can find ; for how Can hearts , not free , be tried whether they serve Willing or no , who will but what they must By destiny , and can no other choose ?
Thy words Attentive , and with more delighted ear , Divine instructer , I have heard , than when Cherubick songs by night from neighbouring hills Aereal musick send : Nor knew I not To be both will and deed created free ; Yet that we never shall forget to love Our Maker , and obey him whose command Single is yet so just , my constant thoughts Assured me , and still assure : Though what thou tellest Hath passed in Heaven , some doubt within me move , But more desire to hear , if thou consent , The full relation , which must needs be strange , Worthy of sacred silence to be heard ; And we have yet large day , for scarce the sun Hath finished half his journey , and scarce begins His other half in the great zone of Heaven .
Deliverer from new Lords , leader to free Enjoyment of our right as Gods ; yet hard For Gods , and too unequal work we find , Against unequal arms to fight in pain , Against unpained , impassive ; from which evil Ruin must needs ensue ; for what avails Valour or strength , though matchless , quelled with pain Which all subdues , and makes remiss the hands Of mightiest ?
two days are past , Two days , as we compute the days of Heaven , Since Michael and his Powers went forth to tame These disobedient : Sore hath been their fight , As likeliest was , when two such foes met armed ; For to themselves I left them ; and thou knowest , Equal in their creation they were formed , Save what sin hath impaired ; which yet hath wrought Insensibly , for I suspend their doom ; Whence in perpetual fight they needs must last Endless , and no solution will be found : War wearied hath performed what war can do , And to disordered rage let loose the reins With mountains , as with weapons , armed ; which makes Wild work in Heaven , and dangerous to the main .
Which else to several spheres thou must ascribe , Moved contrary with thwart obliquities ; Or save the sun his labour , and that swift Nocturnal and diurnal rhomb supposed , Invisible else above all stars , the wheel Of day and night ; which needs not thy belief , If earth , industrious of herself , fetch day Travelling east , and with her part averse From the sun ' s beam meet night , her other part Still luminous by his ray .
Which must be mutual , in proportion due Given and received ; but , in disparity The one intense , the other still remiss , Cannot well suit with either , but soon prove Tedious alike : Of fellowship I speak Such as I seek , fit to participate All rational delight : wherein the brute Cannot be human consort : They rejoice Each with their kind , lion with lioness ; So fitly them in pairs thou hast combined : Much less can bird with beast , or fish with fowl So well converse , nor with the ox the ape ; Worse then can man with beast , and least of all .
Thus have I told thee all my state , and brought My story to the sum of earthly bliss , Which I enjoy ; and must confess to find In all things else delight indeed , but such As , used or not , works in the mind no change , Nor vehement desire ; these delicacies I mean of taste , sight , smell , herbs , fruits , and flowers , Walks , and the melody of birds : but here Far otherwise , transported I behold , Transported touch ; here passion first I felt , Commotion strange !
I now must change Those notes to tragick ; foul distrust , and breach Disloyal on the part of Man , revolt , And disobedience : on the part of Heaven Now alienated , distance and distaste , Anger and just rebuke , and judgement given , That brought into this world a world of woe , Sin and her shadow Death , and Misery Death ' s harbinger : Sad talk ! yet argument Not less but more heroick than the wrath Of stern Achilles on his foe pursued Thrice fugitive about Troy wall ; or rage Of Turnus for Lavinia disespous ' d ; Or Neptune ' s ire , or Juno ' s , that so long Perplexed the Greek , and Cytherea ' s son :
Who aspires , must down as low As high he soared ; obnoxious , first or last , To basest things .
Nor thou his malice and false guile contemn ; Subtle he needs must be , who could seduce Angels ; nor think superfluous other ' s aid .
Great joy he promised to his thoughts , and new Solace in her return , so long delayed : Yet oft his heart , divine of something ill , Misgave him ; he the faltering measure felt ; And forth to meet her went , the way she took That morn when first they parted : by the tree Of knowledge he must pass ; there he her met , Scarce from the tree returning ; in her hand A bough of fairest fruit , that downy smiled , New gathered , and ambrosial smell diffused .
Nor can I think that God , Creator wise , Though threatening , will in earnest so destroy Us his prime creatures , dignified so high , Set over all his works ; which in our fall , For us created , needs with us must fail , Dependant made ; so God shall uncreate , Be frustrate , do , undo , and labour lose ; Not well conceived of God , who , though his power Creation could repeat , yet would be loth Us to abolish , lest the Adversary Triumph , and say ; " Fickle their state whom God " Most favours ; who can please him long ?
I go to judge On earth these thy transgressours ; but thou knowest , Whoever judged , the worst on me must light , When time shall be ; for so I undertook Before thee ; and , not repenting , this obtain Of right , that I may mitigate their doom On me derived ; yet I shall temper so Justice with mercy , as may illustrate most Them fully satisfied , and thee appease .
So judged he Man , both Judge and Saviour sent ; And the instant stroke of death , denounced that day , Removed far off ; then , pitying how they stood Before him naked to the air , that now Must suffer change , disdained not to begin Thenceforth the form of servant to assume ; As when he washed his servants feet ; so now , As father of his family , he clad Their nakedness with skins of beasts , or slain , Or as the snake with youthful coat repaid ; And thought not much to clothe his enemies ; Nor he their outward only with the skins Of beasts , but inward nakedness , much more .
Thou , my shade Inseparable , must with me along ; For Death from Sin no power can separate .
which thou viewest as not thine own ; Thou art their author , and prime architect : For I no sooner in my heart divined , My heart , which by a secret harmony Still moves with thine , joined in connexion sweet , That thou on earth hadst prospered , which thy looks Now also evidence , but straight I felt , Though distant from thee worlds between , yet felt , That I must after thee , with this thy son ; Such fatal consequence unites us three !
How can he exercise Wrath without end on Man , whom death must end ?
But say That death be not one stroke , as I supposed , Bereaving sense , but endless misery From this day onward ; which I feel begun Both in me , and without me ; and so last To perpetuity ;-- Ay me ! that fear Comes thundering back with dreadful revolution On my defenceless head ; both Death and I Am found eternal , and incorporate both ; Nor I on my part single ; in me all Posterity stands cursed : Fair patrimony That I must leave ye , Sons !
If care of our descent perplex us most , Which must be born to certain woe , devoured By Death at last ; and miserable it is To be to others cause of misery , Our own begotten , and of our loins to bring Into this cursed world a woeful race , That after wretched life must be at last Food for so foul a monster ; in thy power It lies , yet ere conception to prevent The race unblest , to being yet unbegot .
Remember with what mild And gracious temper he both heard , and judged , Without wrath or reviling ; we expected Immediate dissolution , which we thought Was meant by death that day ; when lo ! to thee Pains only in child - bearing were foretold , And bringing forth ; soon recompensed with joy , Fruit of thy womb : On me the curse aslope Glanced on the ground ; with labour I must earn My bread ; what harm ?
or more than this , that we are dust , And thither must return , and be no more ?
yet not terrible , That I should fear ; nor sociably mild , As Raphael , that I should much confide ; But solemn and sublime ; whom not to offend , With reverence I must meet , and thou retire .
Must I thus leave thee $ Paradise ?
where I had hope to spend , Quiet though sad , the respite of that day That must be mortal to us both .
Is this the way I must return to native dust ?
There is , said Michael , if thou well observe The rule of Not too much ; by temperance taught , In what thou eatest and drinkest ; seeking from thence Due nourishment , not gluttonous delight , Till many years over thy head return : So mayest thou live ; till , like ripe fruit , thou drop Into thy mother ' s lap ; or be with ease Gathered , nor harshly plucked ; for death mature : This is Old Age ; but then , thou must outlive Thy youth , thy strength , thy beauty ; which will change To withered , weak , and gray ; thy senses then , Obtuse , all taste of pleasure must forego , To what thou hast ; and , for the air of youth , Hopeful and cheerful , in thy blood will reign A melancholy damp of cold and dry To weigh thy spirits down , and last consume The balm of life .
Henceforth I fly not death , nor would prolong Life much ; bent rather , how I may be quit , Fairest and easiest , of this cumbrous charge ; Which I must keep till my appointed day Of rendering up , and patiently attend My dissolution .
Yet they a beauteous offspring shall beget ; For that fair female troop thou sawest , that seemed Of Goddesses , so blithe , so smooth , so gay , Yet empty of all good wherein consists Woman ' s domestick honour and chief praise ; Bred only and completed to the taste Of lustful appetence , to sing , to dance , To dress , and troll the tongue , and roll the eye : To these that sober race of men , whose lives Religious titled them the sons of God , Shall yield up all their virtue , all their fame Ignobly , to the trains and to the smiles Of these fair atheists ; and now swim in joy , Erelong to swim at large ; and laugh , for which The world erelong a world of tears must weep .
so had borne My part of evil only , each day ' s lot Enough to bear ; those now , that were dispensed The burden of many ages , on me light At once , by my foreknowledge gaining birth Abortive , to torment me ere their being , With thought that they must be .
Much thou hast yet to see ; but I perceive Thy mortal sight to fail ; objects divine Must needs impair and weary human sense : Henceforth what is to come I will relate ; Thou therefore give due audience , and attend .
Therefore , since he permits Within himself unworthy powers to reign Over free reason , God , in judgement just , Subjects him from without to violent lords ; Who oft as undeservedly enthrall His outward freedom : Tyranny must be ; Though to the tyrant thereby no excuse .
But first , the lawless tyrant , who denies To know their God , or message to regard , Must be compelled by signs and judgements dire ; To blood unshed the rivers must be turned ; Frogs , lice , and flies , must all his palace fill With loathed intrusion , and fill all the land ; His cattle must of rot and murren die ; Botches and blains must all his flesh emboss , And all his people ; thunder mixed with hail , Hail mixed with fire , must rend the Egyptians sky , And wheel on the earth , devouring where it rolls ; What it devours not , herb , or fruit , or grain , A darksome cloud of locusts swarming down Must eat , and on the ground leave nothing green ; Darkness must overshadow all his bounds , Palpable darkness , and blot out three days ; Last , with one midnight stroke , all the first - born Of Egypt must lie dead .
Doubt not but that sin Will reign among them , as of thee begot ; And therefore was law given them , to evince Their natural pravity , by stirring up Sin against law to fight : that when they see Law can discover sin , but not remove , Save by those shadowy expiations weak , The blood of bulls and goats , they may conclude Some blood more precious must be paid for Man ; Just for unjust ; that , in such righteousness To them by faith imputed , they may find Justification towards God , and peace Of conscience ; which the law by ceremonies Cannot appease ; nor Man the mortal part Perform ; and , not performing , cannot live .
But first , a long succession must ensue ; And his next son , for wealth and wisdom famed , The clouded ark of God , till then in tents Wandering , shall in a glorious temple enshrine .
Needs must the Serpent now his capital bruise Expect with mortal pain : Say where and when Their fight , what stroke shall bruise the victor ' s heel .
But say , if our Deliverer up to Heaven Must re - ascend , what will betide the few His faithful , left among the unfaithful herd , The enemies of truth ?
Be gone , Runne to your houses , fall vpon your knees , Pray to the Gods to intermit the plague That needs must light on this Ingratitude
Then must I thinke you would not haue it so
I ( as Aeneas , our great Ancestor , Did from the Flames of Troy , vpon his shoulder The old Anchyses beare ) so , from the waues of Tyber Did I the tyred Caesar : And this Man , Is now become a God , and Cassius is A wretched Creature , and must bend his body , If Caesar carelesly but nod on him .
I ( perhaps ) speake this Before a willing Bond - man : then I know My answere must be made .
It must be by his death : and for my part , I know no personall cause , to spurne at him , But for the generall .
Such instigations haue beene often dropt , Where I haue tooke them vp : Shall Rome , & c . Thus must I piece it out : Shall Rome stand vnder one mans awe ?
But ( alas ) Caesar must bleed for it .
But are not some whole , that we must make sicke ?
That must we also .
What it is my Caius , I shall vnfold to thee , as we are going , To whom it must be done
I must go in : Aye me !
What is now amisse , That Caesar and his Senate must redresse ?
Caes I must preuent thee Cymber : These couchings , and these lowly courtesies Might fire the blood of ordinary men , And turne pre - Ordinance , and first Decree Into the lane of Children .
I know not Gentlemen what you intend , Who else must be let blood , who else is ranke : If I my selfe , there is no houre so fit As Caesars deaths houre ; nor no Instrument Of halfe that worth , as those your Swords ; made rich With the most Noble blood of all this World .
Begge not your death of vs : Though now we must appeare bloody and cruell , As by our hands , and this our present Acte You see we do : Yet see you but our hands , And this , the bleeding businesse they haue done : Our hearts you see not , they are pittifull : And pitty to the generall wrong of Rome , As fire driues out fire , so pitty , pitty Hath done this deed on Caesar .
Gentlemen all : Alas , what shall I say , My credit now stands on such slippery ground , That one of two bad wayes you must conceit me , Either a Coward , or a Flatterer .
Beare with me , My heart is in the Coffin there with Caesar , And I must pawse , till it come backe to me
Haue patience gentle Friends , I must not read it .
Alas you know not , I must tell you then : You haue forgot the Will I told you of
Your Brother too must dye : consent you Lepidus ?
It is a Creature that I teach to fight , To winde , to stop , to run directly on : His corporall Motion , gouern ' d by my Spirit , And in some taste , is Lepidus but so : He must be taught , and train ' d , and bid go forth : A barren spirited Fellow ; one that feeds On Obiects , Arts , and Imitations .
Brutus and Cassius Are leuying Powers ; We must straight make head : Therefore let our Alliance be combin ' d , Our best Friends made , our meanes stretcht , And let vs presently go sit in Councell , How couert matters may be best disclos ' d , And open Perils surest answered
Must I giue way , and roome to your rash Choller ?
O ye Gods , ye Gods , Must I endure all this ?
Must I bouge ?
Must I obserue you ?
Must I stand and crouch Vnder your Testie Humour ?
Why farewell Portia : We must die Messala : With meditating that she must dye once , I haue the patience to endure it now
Good reasons must of force giue place to better : The people ' twixt Philippi , and this ground Do stand but in a forc ' d affection : For they haue grug ' d vs Contribution .
You must note beside , That we haue tride the vtmost of our Friends : Our Legions are brim full , our cause is ripe , The Enemy encreaseth euery day , We at the height , are readie to decline .
On such a full Sea are we now a - float , And we must take the current when it serues , Or loose our Ventures
The deepe of night is crept vpon our talke , And Nature must obey Necessitie , Which we will niggard with a little rest : There is no more to say
Stand fast Titinius , we must out and talke
But this same day Must end that worke , the Ides of March begun .
We must not : a Noble Prisoner .
Dread my Lord , Your leaue and fauour to returne to France , From whence , though willingly I came to Denmarke To shew my duty in your Coronation , Yet now I must confesse , that duty done , My thoughts and wishes bend againe towards France , And bow them to your gracious leaue and pardon
Do not for euer with thy veyled lids Seeke for thy Noble Father in the dust ; Thou know ' st ' tis common , all that liues must dye , Passing through Nature , to Eternity
' Tis sweet and commendable In your Nature Hamlet , To giue these mourning duties to your Father : But you must know , your Father lost a Father , That Father lost , lost his , and the Suruiuer bound In filiall Obligation , for some terme To do obsequious Sorrow .
' Tis vnmanly greefe , It shewes a will most incorrect to Heauen , A Heart vnfortified , a Minde impatient , An Vnderstanding simple , and vnschool ' d : For , what we know must be , and is as common As any the most vulgar thing to sence , Why should we in our peeuish Opposition Take it to heart ?
Fye , ' tis a fault to Heauen , A fault against the Dead , a fault to Nature , To Reason most absurd , whose common Theame Is death of Fathers , and who still hath cried , From the first Coarse , till he that dyed to day , This must be so .
Heauen and Earth Must I remember : why she would hang on him , As if encrease of Appetite had growne By what is fed on ; and yet within a month ?
But breake my heart , for I must hold my tongue .
Perhaps he loues you now , And now no soyle nor cautell doth besmerch The vertue of his feare : but you must feare His greatnesse weigh ' d , his will is not his owne ; For hee himselfe is subiect to his Birth : Hee may not , as vnuallued persons doe , Carue for himselfe ; for , on his choyce depends The sanctity and health of the whole State .
And therefore must his choyce be circumscrib ' d Vnto the voyce and yeelding of that Body , Whereof he is the Head .
This aboue all ; to thine owne selfe be true : And it must follow , as the Night the Day , Thou canst not then be false to any man .
If it be so , as so tis put on me ; And that in way of caution : I must tell you , You doe not vnderstand your selfe so cleerely , As it behoues my Daughter , and your Honour .
I doe know When the Bloud burnes , how Prodigall the Soule Giues the tongue vowes : these blazes , Daughter , Giuing more light then heate ; extinct in both , Euen in their promise , as it is a making ; You must not take for fire .
My hower is almost come , When I to sulphurous and tormenting Flames Must render vp my selfe
But that I am forbid To tell the secrets of my Prison - House ; I could a Tale vnfold , whose lightest word Would harrow vp thy soule , freeze thy young blood , Make thy two eyes like Starres , start from their Spheres , Thy knotty and combined lockes to part , And each particular haire to stand an end , Like Quilles vpon the fretfull Porpentine : But this eternall blason must not be To eares of flesh and bloud ; list Hamlet , oh list , If thou didst euer thy deare Father loue
Faith no , as you may season it in the charge ; You must not put another scandall on him , That hee is open to Incontinencie ; That ' s not my meaning : but breath his faults so quaintly , That they may seeme the taints of liberty ; The flash and out - breake of a fiery minde , A sauagenes in vnreclaim ' d bloud of generall assault
Come , go we to the King , This must be knowne , being kept close might moue More greefe to hide , then hate to vtter loue .
When I had seene this hot loue on the wing , As I perceiued it , I must tell you that Before my Daughter told me what might you Or my deere Maiestie your Queene heere , think , If I had playd the Deske or Table - booke , Or giuen my heart a winking , mute and dumbe , Or look ' d vpon this Loue , with idle sight , What might you thinke ?
No , I went round to worke , And ( my yong Mistris ) thus I did bespeake Lord Hamlet is a Prince out of thy Starre , This must not be : and then , I Precepts gaue her , That she should locke her selfe from his Resort , Admit no Messengers , receiue no Tokens : Which done , she tooke the Fruites of my Aduice , And he repulsed .
That you must teach me : but let mee coniure you by the rights of our fellowship , by the consonancy of our youth , by the Obligation of our euer - preserued loue , and by what more deare , a better proposer could charge you withall ; be euen and direct with me , whether you were sent for or no
Let me comply with you in the Garbe , lest my extent to the Players ( which I tell you must shew fairely outward ) should more appeare like entertainment then yours .
I sure , this is most braue , That I , the Sonne of the Deere murthered , Prompted to my Reuenge by Heauen , and Hell , Must ( like a Whore ) vnpacke my heart with words , And fall a Cursing like a very Drab .
To dye to sleepe , To sleepe , perchance to Dreame ; I , there ' s the rub , For in that sleepe of death , what dreames may come , When we haue shuffel ' d off this mortall coile , Must giue vs pawse .
It shall be so : Madnesse in great Ones , must not vnwatch ' d go .
Speake the Speech I pray you , as I pronounc ' d it to you trippingly on the Tongue : But if you mouth it , as many of your Players do , I had as liue the Town - Cryer had spoke my Lines : Nor do not saw the Ayre too much your hand thus , but vse all gently ; for in the verie Torrent , Tempest , and ( as I say ) the Whirle - winde of Passion , you must acquire and beget a Temperance that may giue it Smoothnesse .
Now , this ouer - done , or come tardie off , though it make the vnskilfull laugh , cannot but make the Iudicious greeue ; The censure of the which One , must in your allowance o ' reway a whole Theater of Others .
They are comming to the Play : I must be idle .
Then there ' s hope , a great mans Memorie , may out - liue his life halfe a yeare : But byrlady he must builde Churches then : or else shall he suffer not thinking on , with the Hoby - horsse , whose Epitaph is , For o , For o , the Hoby - horse is forgot .
But woe is me , you are so sicke of late , So farre from cheere , and from your former state , That I distrust you : yet though I distrust , Discomfort you ( my Lord ) it nothing must : For womens Feare and Loue , holds quantitie , In neither ought , or in extremity : Now what my loue is , proofe hath made you know , And as my Loue is siz ' d , my Feare is so
Faith I must leaue thee Loue , and shortly too : My operant Powers my Functions leaue to do : And thou shalt liue in this faire world behinde , Honour ' d , belou ' d , and haply , one as kinde .
Oh confound the rest : Such Loue , must needs be Treason in my brest : In second Husband , let me be accurst , None wed the second , but who kill ' d the first
Why let the strucken Deere go weepe , The Hart vngalled play : For some must watch , while some must sleepe ; So runnes the world away .
I , but while the grasse growes , the Prouerbe is something musty .
Forgiue me this my Vertue , For in the fatnesse of this pursie times , Vertue it selfe , of Vice must pardon begge , Yea courb , and woe , for leaue to do him good
For this same Lord , I do repent : but heauen hath pleas ' d it so , To punish me with this , and this with me , That I must be their Scourge and Minister .
I must be cruell , onely to be kinde ; Thus bad begins and worse remaines behinde
I must to England , you know that ?
These profound heaues You must translate ; Tis fit we vnderstand them .
Oh Gertrude , come away : The Sun no sooner shall the Mountaines touch , But we will ship him hence , and this vilde deed , We must with all our Maiesty and Skill Both countenance , and excuse .
My Lord , you must tell vs where the body is , and go with vs to the King
I haue sent to seeke him , and to find the bodie : How dangerous is it that this man goes loose : Yet must not we put the strong Law on him : Hee ' s loued of the distracted multitude , Who like not in their iudgement , but their eyes : And where ' tis so , th ' Offenders scourge is weigh ' d But neerer the offence : to beare all smooth , and euen , This sodaine sending him away , must seeme Deliberate pause , diseases desperate growne , By desperate appliance are releeued , Or not at all .
K . Hamlet , this deed of thine , for thine especial safety Which we do tender , as we deerely greeue For that which thou hast done , must send thee hence With fierie Quicknesse .
Do it England , For like the Hecticke in my blood he rages , And thou must cure me : Till I know ' tis done , How ere my happes , my ioyes were ne ' re begun .
We must bee patient , but I cannot choose but weepe , to thinke they should lay him i ' th ' cold ground : My brother shall knowe of it , and so I thanke you for your good counsell .
You must sing downe a - downe , and you call him a - downe - a .
Wee may call it Herbe - Grace a Sundaies : Oh you must weare your Rew with a difference .
Laertes , I must common with your greefe , Or you deny me right : go but apart , Make choice of whom your wisest Friends you will , And they shall heare and iudge ' twixt you and me ; If by direct or by Colaterall hand They finde vs touch ' d , we will our Kingdome giue , Our Crowne , our Life , and all that we call Ours To you in satisfaction .
Let this be so : His meanes of death , his obscure buriall ; No Trophee , Sword , nor Hatchment o ' re his bones , No Noble rite , nor formall ostentation , Cry to be heard , as ' twere from Heauen to Earth , That I must call in question
Now must your conscience my acquittance seal , And you must put me in your heart for Friend , Sith you haue heard , and with a knowing eare , That he which hath your Noble Father slaine , Pursued my life
Breake not your sleepes for that , You must not thinke That we are made of stuffe , so flat , and dull , That we can let our Beard be shooke with danger , And thinke it pastime .
It must be Se offendendo , it cannot bee else : for heere lies the point ; If I drowne my selfe wittingly , it argues an Act : and an Act hath three branches .
the very Conueyances of his Lands will hardly lye in this Boxe ; and must the Inheritor himselfe haue no more ?
wee must speake by the Carde , or equiuocation will vndoe vs : by the Lord Horatio , these three yeares I haue taken note of it , the Age is growne so picked , that the toe of the Pesant comes so neere the heeles of our Courtier , hee galls his Kibe .
Now get you to my Ladies Chamber , and tell her , let her paint an inch thicke , to this fauour she must come .
Must there no more be done ?
It must be shortly knowne to him from England What is the issue of the businesse there
This presence knowes , And you must needs haue heard how I am punisht With sore distraction ?
Yes , as Sparrowes , Eagles ; Or the Hare , the Lyon : If I say sooth , I must report they were As Cannons ouer - charg ' d with double Cracks , So they doubly redoubled stroakes vpon the Foe : Except they meant to bathe in reeking Wounds , Or memorize another Golgotha , I cannot tell : but I am faint , My Gashes cry for helpe
Noble Banquo , That hast no lesse deseru ' d , nor must be knowne No lesse to haue done so : Let me enfold thee , And hold thee to my Heart
Sonnes , Kinsmen , Thanes , And you whose places are the nearest , know , We will establish our Estate vpon Our eldest , Malcolme , whom we name hereafter , The Prince of Cumberland : which Honor must Not vnaccompanied , inuest him onely , But signes of Noblenesse , like Starres , shall shine On all deseruers .
The Prince of Cumberland : that is a step , On which I must fall downe , or else o ' re - leape , For in my way it lyes .
Thould ' st haue , great Glamys , that which cryes , Thus thou must doe , if thou haue it ; And that which rather thou do ' st feare to doe , Then wishest should be vndone .
He that ' s comming , Must be prouided for : and you shall put This Nights great Businesse into my dispatch , Which shall to all our Nights , and Dayes to come , Giue solely soueraigne sway , and Masterdome
This Guest of Summer , The Temple - haunting Barlet does approue , By his loued Mansonry , that the Heauens breath Smells wooingly here : no Iutty frieze , Buttrice , nor Coigne of Vantage , but this Bird Hath made his pendant Bed , and procreant Cradle , Where they must breed , and haunt : I haue obseru ' d The ayre is delicate .
Away , and mock the time with fairest show , False Face must hide what the false Heart doth know .
These deeds must not be thought After these wayes : so , it will make vs mad
They must lye there : goe carry them , and smeare The sleepie Groomes with blood
If he doe bleed , Ile guild the Faces of the Groomes withall , For it must seeme their Guilt .
Goe not my Horse the better , I must become a borrower of the Night , For a darke houre , or twaine
So is he mine : and in such bloody distance , That euery minute of his being , thrusts Against my neer ' st of Life : and though I could With bare - fac ' d power sweepe him from my sight , And bid my will auouch it ; yet I must not , For certaine friends that are both his , and mine , Whose loues I may not drop , but wayle his fall , Who I my selfe struck downe : and thence it is , That I to your assistance doe make loue , Masking the Businesse from the common Eye , For sundry weightie Reasons
Within this houre , at most , I will aduise you where to plant your selues , Acquaint you with the perfect Spy o ' th ' time , The moment on ' t , for ' t must be done to Night , And something from the Pallace : alwayes thought , That I require a clearenesse ; and with him , To leaue no Rubs nor Botches in the Worke : Fleans , his Sonne , that keepes him companie , Whose absence is no lesse materiall to me , Then is his Fathers , must embrace the fate Of that darke houre : resolue your selues apart , Ile come to you anon
Ile call vpon you straight : abide within , It is concluded : Banquo , thy Soules flight , If it finde Heauen , must finde it out to Night .
So shall I Loue , and so I pray be you : Let your remembrance apply to Banquo , Present him Eminence , both with Eye and Tongue : Vnsafe the while , that wee must laue Our Honors in these flattering streames , And make our Faces Vizards to our Hearts , Disguising what they are
You must leaue this
If Charnell houses , and our Graues must send Those that we bury , backe ; our Monuments Shall be the Mawes of Kytes
I am in blood Stept in so farre , that should I wade no more , Returning were as tedious as go ore : Strange things I haue in head , that will to hand , Which must be acted , ere they may be scand
Great businesse must be wrought ere Noone .
The gracious Duncan Was pittied of Macbeth : marry he was dead : And the right valiant Banquo walk ' d too late , Whom you may say ( if ' t please you ) Fleans kill ' d , For Fleans fled : Men must not walke too late .
You must haue patience Madam
Euery one that do ' s so , is a Traitor , And must be hang ' d
And must they all be hang ' d , that swear and lye ?
Who must hang them ?
Though all things foule , would wear the brows of grace Yet Grace must still looke so
And I must be from thence ?
I shall do so : But I must also feele it as a man ; I cannot but remember such things were That were most precious to me : Did heauen looke on , And would not take their part ?
I haue liu ' d long enough : my way of life Is falne into the Seare , the yellow Leafe , And that which should accompany Old - Age , As Honor , Loue , Obedience , Troopes of Friends , I must not looke to haue : but in their steed , Curses , not lowd but deepe , Mouth - honor , breath Which the poore heart would faine deny , and dare not .
Therein the Patient Must minister to himselfe
The time approaches , That will with due decision make vs know What we shall say we haue , and what we owe : Thoughts speculatiue , their vnsure hopes relate , But certaine issue , stroakes must arbitrate , Towards which , aduance the warre .
They haue tied me to a stake , I cannot flye , But Beare - like I must fight the course .
Thou loosest labour As easie may ' st thou the intrenchant Ayre With thy keene Sword impresse , as make me bleed : Let fall thy blade on vulnerable Crests , I beare a charmed Life , which must not yeeld To one of woman borne
Some must go off : and yet by these I see , So great a day as this is cheapely bought
I , and brought off the field : your cause of sorrow Must not be measur ' d by his worth , for then It hath no end
How they are provided for upon the earth , ( appearing at intervals ,) How dear and dreadful they are to the earth , How they inure to themselves as much as to any -- what a paradox appears their age , How people respond to them , yet know them not , How there is something relentless in their fate all times , How all times mischoose the objects of their adulation and reward , And how the same inexorable price must still be paid for the same great purchase .
for you must justify me .
I will sing the song of companionship , I will show what alone must finally compact these , I believe these are to found their own ideal of manly love , indicating it in me , I will therefore let flame from me the burning fires that were threatening to consume me , I will lift what has too long kept down those smouldering fires , I will give them complete abandonment , I will write the evangel - poem of comrades and of love , For who but I should understand love with all its sorrow and joy ?
I say that the real and permanent grandeur of these States must be their religion , Otherwise there is just no real and permanent grandeur ; ( Nor character nor life worthy the name without religion , Nor land nor man or woman without religion .)
Must not Nature be persuaded many times ?)
5 I believe in you my soul , the other I am must not abase itself to you , And you must not be abased to the other .
I guess it must be the flag of my disposition , out of hopeful green stuff woven .
I know I am solid and sound , To me the converging objects of the universe perpetually flow , All are written to me , and I must get what the writing means .
I resign myself to you also -- I guess what you mean , I behold from the beach your crooked fingers , I believe you refuse to go back without feeling of me , We must have a turn together , I undress , hurry me out of sight of the land , Cushion me soft , rock me in billowy drowse , Dash me with amorous wet , I can repay you .
I know perfectly well my own egotism , Know my omnivorous lines and must not write any less , And would fetch you whoever you are flush with myself .
Not I , not any one else can travel that road for you , You must travel it for yourself .
You are also asking me questions and I hear you , I answer that I cannot answer , you must find out for yourself .
Long enough have you dream ' d contemptible dreams , Now I wash the gum from your eyes , You must habit yourself to the dazzle of the light and of every moment of your life .
The oath of the inseparableness of two together , of the woman that loves me and whom I love more than my life , that oath swearing , ( O I willingly stake all for you , O let me be lost if it must be so !
only that we enjoy each other and exhaust each other if it must be so ;) From the master , the pilot I yield the vessel to , The general commanding me , commanding all , from him permission taking , From time the programme hastening , ( I have loiter ' d too long as it is ,) From sex , from the warp and from the woof , From privacy , from frequent repinings alone , From plenty of persons near and yet the right person not near , From the soft sliding of hands over me and thrusting of fingers through my hair and beard , From the long sustain ' d kiss upon the mouth or bosom , From the close pressure that makes me or any man drunk , fainting with excess , From what the divine husband knows , from the work of fatherhood , From exultation , victory and relief , from the bedfellow ' s embrace in the night , From the act - poems of eyes , hands , hips and bosoms , From the cling of the trembling arm , From the bending curve and the clinch , From side by side the pliant coverlet off - throwing , From the one so unwilling to have me leave , and me just as unwilling to leave , ( Yet a moment O tender waiter , and I return ,) From the hour of shining stars and dropping dews , From the night a moment I emerging flitting out , Celebrate you act divine and you children prepared for , And you stalwart loins .
To be lost if it must be so !
Once I pass ' d through a populous city imprinting my brain for future use with its shows , architecture , customs , traditions , Yet now of all that city I remember only a woman I casually met there who detain ' d me for love of me , Day by day and night by night we were together -- all else has long been forgotten by me , I remember I say only that woman who passionately clung to me , Again we wander , we love , we separate again , Again she holds me by the hand , I must not go , I see her close beside me with silent lips sad and tremulous .
O I think it is not for life I am chanting here my chant of lovers , I think it must be for death , For how calm , how solemn it grows to ascend to the atmosphere of lovers , Death or life I am then indifferent , my soul declines to prefer , ( I am not sure but the high soul of lovers welcomes death most ,) Indeed O death , I think now these leaves mean precisely the same as you mean , Grow up taller sweet leaves that I may see !
you do not know how longingly I look upon you , You must be he I was seeking , or she I was seeking , ( it comes to me as of a dream ,) I have somewhere surely lived a life of joy with you , All is recall ' d as we flit by each other , fluid , affectionate , chaste , matured , You grew up with me , were a boy with me or a girl with me , I ate with you and slept with you , your body has become not yours only nor left my body mine only , You give me the pleasure of your eyes , face , flesh , as we pass , you take of my beard , breast , hands , in return , I am not to speak to you , I am to think of you when I sit alone or wake at night alone , I am to wait , I do not doubt I am to meet you again , I am to see to it that I do not lose you .
I think heroic deeds were all conceiv ' d in the open air , and all free poems also , I think I could stop here myself and do miracles , I think whatever I shall meet on the road I shall like , and whoever beholds me shall like me , I think whoever I see must be happy .
we must not stop here , However sweet these laid - up stores , however convenient this dwelling we cannot remain here , However shelter ' d this port and however calm these waters we must not anchor here , However welcome the hospitality that surrounds us we are permitted to receive it but a little while .
I will be honest with you , I do not offer the old smooth prizes , but offer rough new prizes , These are the days that must happen to you : You shall not heap up what is call ' d riches , You shall scatter with lavish hand all that you earn or achieve , You but arrive at the city to which you were destin ' d , you hardly settle yourself to satisfaction before you are call ' d by an irresistible call to depart , You shall be treated to the ironical smiles and mockings of those who remain behind you , What beckonings of love you receive you shall only answer with passionate kisses of parting , You shall not allow the hold of those who spread their reach ' d hands toward you .
You must not stay sleeping and dallying there in the house , though you built it , or though it has been built for you .
My call is the call of battle , I nourish active rebellion , He going with me must go well arm ' d , He going with me goes often with spare diet , poverty , angry enemies , desertions .
If you stand at work in a shop I stand as nigh as the nighest in the same shop , If you bestow gifts on your brother or dearest friend I demand as good as your brother or dearest friend , If your lover , husband , wife , is welcome by day or night , I must be personally as welcome , If you become degraded , criminal , ill , then I become so for your sake , If you remember your foolish and outlaw ' d deeds , do you think I cannot remember my own foolish and outlaw ' d deeds ?
3 The sun and stars that float in the open air , The apple - shaped earth and we upon it , surely the drift of them is something grand , I do not know what it is except that it is grand , and that it is happiness , And that the enclosing purport of us here is not a speculation or bon - mot or reconnoissance , And that it is not something which by luck may turn out well for us , and without luck must be a failure for us , And not something which may yet be retracted in a certain contingency .
For we cannot tarry here , We must march my darlings , we must bear the brunt of danger , We the youthful sinewy races , all the rest on us depend , Pioneers !
See my children , resolute children , By those swarms upon our rear we must never yield or falter , Ages back in ghostly millions frowning there behind us urging , Pioneers !
Never must you be divided , in our ranks you move united , Pioneers !
I must follow up these continual lessons of the air , water , earth , I perceive I have no time to lose .
I respect Assyria , China , Teutonia , and the Hebrews , I adopt each theory , myth , god , and demigod , I see that the old accounts , bibles , genealogies , are true , without exception , I assert that all past days were what they must have been , And that they could no - how have been better than they were , And that to - day is what it must be , and that America is , And that to - day and America could no - how be better than they are .
For I too raising my voice join the ranks of this pageant , I am the chanter , I chant aloud over the pageant , I chant the world on my Western sea , I chant copious the islands beyond , thick as stars in the sky , I chant the new empire grander than any before , as in a vision it comes to me , I chant America the mistress , I chant a greater supremacy , I chant projected a thousand blooming cities yet in time on those groups of sea - islands , My sail - ships and steam - ships threading the archipelagoes , My stars and stripes fluttering in the wind , Commerce opening , the sleep of ages having done its work , races reborn , refresh ' d , Lives , works resumed -- the object I know not -- but the old , the Asiatic renew ' d as it must be , Commencing from this day surrounded by the world .
High and clear I shoot my voice over the waves , Surely you must know who is here , is here , You must know who I am , my love .
Pierce the woods , the earth , Somewhere listening to catch you must be the one I want .
let me just murmur , And do you wait a moment you husky - nois ' d sea , For somewhere I believe I heard my mate responding to me , So faint , I must be still , be still to listen , But not altogether still , for then she might not come immediately to me .
To get betimes in Boston town I rose this morning early , Here ' s a good place at the corner , I must stand and see the show .
All you are doing and saying is to America dangled mirages , You have not learn ' d of Nature -- of the politics of Nature you have not learn ' d the great amplitude , rectitude , impartiality , You have not seen that only such as they are for these States , And that what is less than they must sooner or later lift off from these States .
Through the windows -- through doors -- burst like a ruthless force , Into the solemn church , and scatter the congregation , Into the school where the scholar is studying ; Leave not the bridegroom quiet -- no happiness must he have now with his bride , Nor the peaceful farmer any peace , ploughing his field or gathering his grain , So fierce you whirr and pound you drums -- so shrill you bugles blow .
no sleepers must sleep in those beds , No bargainers ' bargains by day -- no brokers or speculators -- would they continue ?
Words no more , for hearken and see , My song is there in the open air , and I must sing , With the banner and pennant a - flapping .
Child : O my father I like not the houses , They will never to me be any thing , nor do I like money , But to mount up there I would like , O father dear , that banner I like , That pennant I would be and must be .
Give me your hand old Revolutionary , The hill - top is nigh , but a few steps , ( make room gentlemen ,) Up the path you have follow ' d me well , spite of your hundred and extra years , You can walk old man , though your eyes are almost done , Your faculties serve you , and presently I must have them serve me .
As wending the crowds now part and disperse -- but we old man , Not for nothing have I brought you hither -- we must remain , You to speak in your turn , and I to listen and tell .
I must copy the story , and send it eastward and westward , I must preserve that look as it beam ' d on you rivers of Brooklyn .
Your summer wind was warm enough , yet the air I breathed froze me , A thick gloom fell through the sunshine and darken ' d me , Must I change my triumphant songs ?
said I to myself , Must I indeed learn to chant the cold dirges of the baffled ?
Word over all , beautiful as the sky , Beautiful that war and all its deeds of carnage must in time be utterly lost , That the hands of the sisters Death and Night incessantly softly wash again , and ever again , this solid world ; For my enemy is dead , a man divine as myself is dead , I look where he lies white - faced and still in the coffin -- I draw near , Bend down and touch lightly with my lips the white face in the coffin .
8 O western orb sailing the heaven , Now I know what you must have meant as a month since I walk ' d , As I walk ' d in silence the transparent shadowy night , As I saw you had something to tell as you bent to me night after night , As you droop ' d from the sky low down as if to my side , ( while the other stars all look ' d on ,) As we wander ' d together the solemn night , ( for something I know not what kept me from sleep ,) As the night advanced , and I saw on the rim of the west how full you were of woe , As I stood on the rising ground in the breeze in the cool transparent night , As I watch ' d where you pass ' d and was lost in the netherward black of the night , As my soul in its trouble dissatisfied sank , as where you sad orb , Concluded , dropt in the night , and was gone .
Then I chant it for thee , I glorify thee above all , I bring thee a song that when thou must indeed come , come unfalteringly .
Any period one nation must lead , One land must be the promise and reliance of the future .
( Mother , bend down , bend close to me your face , I know not what these plots and wars and deferments are for , I know not fruition ' s success , but I know that through war and crime your work goes on , and must yet go on .)
For till all ceases neither must you cease .
All must have reference to the ensemble of the world , and the compact truth of the world , There shall be no subject too pronounced -- all works shall illustrate the divine law of indirections .
And that you or any one must approach creations through such laws ?
Quicksand years that whirl me I know not whither , Your schemes , politics , fail , lines give way , substances mock and elude me , Only the theme I sing , the great and strong - possess ' d soul , eludes not , One ' s - self must never give way -- that is the final substance -- that out of all is sure , Out of politics , triumphs , battles , life , what at last finally remains ?
Thee in thy future , Thee in thy only permanent life , career , thy own unloosen ' d mind , thy soaring spirit , Thee as another equally needed sun , radiant , ablaze , swift - moving , fructifying all , Thee risen in potent cheerfulness and joy , in endless great hilarity , Scattering for good the cloud that hung so long , that weigh ' d so long upon the mind of man , The doubt , suspicion , dread , of gradual , certain decadence of man ; Thee in thy larger , saner brood of female , male -- thee in thy athletes , moral , spiritual , South , North , West , East , ( To thy immortal breasts , Mother of All , thy every daughter , son , endear ' d alike , forever equal ,) Thee in thy own musicians , singers , artists , unborn yet , but certain , Thee in thy moral wealth and civilization , ( until which thy proudest material civilization must remain in vain ,) Thee in thy all - supplying , all - enclosing worship -- thee in no single bible , saviour , merely , Thy saviours countless , latent within thyself , thy bibles incessant within thyself , equal to any , divine as any , ( Thy soaring course thee formulating , not in thy two great wars , nor in thy century ' s visible growth , But far more in these leaves and chants , thy chants , great Mother !)
( This is curious and may not be realized immediately , but it must be realized , I feel in myself that I represent falsehoods equally with the rest , And that the universe does .)
must all then amount to but this ?
Must we barely arrive at this beginning of us ?
Nor life , nor force , nor any visible thing ; Appearance must not foil , nor shifted sphere confuse thy brain .
The largest hurdle the Republicans would have to face is a state law which says that before making a first race , one of two alternative courses must be taken : 1
Five per cent of the voters in each county must sign petitions requesting that the Republicans be allowed to place names of candidates on the general election ballot , or 2
The Republicans must hold a primary under the county unit system -- a system which the party opposes in its platform .
`` Must solve problem ''
`` We must solve the problems which have forced these people to depend upon ADC for subsistence '' , Martin said .
On the negative side of the balance sheet must be set some disappointment that the United States leadership has not been as much in evidence as hoped for .
The secretary's greatest achievement is perhaps the rekindling of NATO realization that East-West friction , wherever it take place around the globe , is in essence the general conflict between two entirely different societies , and must be treated as such without regard to geographical distance or lack of apparent connection .
The small shops `` must be retained , for they provide essential service to the community '' , according to the resolution , which added that they `` also are the source of livelihood for thousands of our neighbors '' .
The law which governs home rule charter petitions states that they must be referred to the chairman of the board of canvassers for verification of the signatures within 10 days and Mr. Martinelli happens to hold that post .
He explained that by law the council must establish procedures for a vote on the issue within 60 days after the board of canvassers completes its work .
At present all offenses must be taken to Sixth District Court for disposition .
Mitchell decried the high rate of unemployment in the state and said the Meyner administration and the Republican-controlled State Senate `` Must share the blame for this '' .
He said , `` We Democrats must resolve our issues on the test of what is right and just , and not what is expedient at the time '' .
`` We must keep the bloodstream of New Jersey clean '' , the former Superior Court judge said .
Barnett , as the titular head of the Democratic party , apparently must make the move to reestablish relations with the national Democratic party or see a movement come from the loyalist ranks to completely bypass him as a party functionary .
`` Certain people must have known about it '' .
`` We must persuade them to enjoy a way of life which , if not identical , is congenial with ours '' , he said but adding that if they do not develop the kind of society they themselves want it will lack ritiuality and loyalty .
He cited East Germany where after 15 years of Soviet rule it has become necessary to build a wall to keep the people in , and added , `` so long as people rebel , we must not give up '' .
`` We have no reason to fear failure , but we must be extraordinarily patient '' , the assistant secretary said .
The United States must plan to absorb the exported goods of the country , at what he termed a `` social cost '' .
Mrs. Molvar , who kept reiterating her request that they `` please take a stand '' , said , `` We must have faith in somebody -- on the local level , and it wouldn't be possible for everyone to rush to a school to get their children '' .
`` Nae , man '' , said Willie , `` ye must be countin' the echoes '' .
`` You must play it where it lies '' .
Emcee Jack Herbert insists Dick Nixon's campaign slogan for governor of California is , `` Knight Must Fall '' ! !
Since the railroad cannot reduce the salary of individual union members under contract , it must accomplish its payroll reduction by placing some of the men on furlough , a B. & O. spokesman said .
The spokesman said the number to be furloughed cannot be estimated since the lay-offs must be carried out in each area depending on what men are most needed on the job .
`` All we have left in the world is one another , and we must stay together the way Mother wanted '' , Kowalski said in telling his children of their mother's death yesterday afternoon .
But he emphasized that the agency must train people within its own employ to fulfill what Field handles , and he said he personally `` regrets very much that the agency has not done this in the past '' .
The increase in mechanical harvesting of cotton makes cleaning and drying equipment a must for modern gin operation .
We must justify our heritage .
We must be ready for any needed sacrifice '' .
He said that from his experience of two years with Gen. Clay in West Berlin administration , that `` Russia respects our show of strength , but that presently we're not acting as we should and must '' .
While he declined to suggest , how , he said that sooner or later we must get rid of Castro , `` for unless we do we're liable to face similar situations in this hemisphere .
The High Court held that the company must apply its percentage allowance to the value of the raw materials removed from the ground , not to the revenue from finished products .
In such an instance , revenuers stressed , the deduction must be reduced by the value of the benefit received .
The pretty coeds must have ogled him all day long -- but he dutifully kept his eye on the gravy .
Requests must be mailed in by December 5 .
What a swinging group they must have been when they first started entertaining ! !
With a foreign car you must wear a cap -- it has a leather band in the back .
You must also wear a car coat .
In the above mentioned report of the Notre Dame Chapter of the American Association of University Professors , the basic outlook of the new breed of lay faculty emerges very clearly in the very statement of the problem as the members see it : `` Even with the best of intentions he ( the President of the university ) is loath to delegate such authority and responsibility to a group the membership of which , considered ( as it must be by him ) in individual terms , is inhomogeneous , mortal and of extremely varying temperament , interests and capabilities .
Once more the fallacious equation is advanced to argue that since business is restricted under the anti-monopoly laws , there must be a corresponding restriction against labor unions : the law must treat everybody equally .
Or , in the words of Anatole France , `` The law in its majestic equality must forbid the rich , as well as the poor , from begging in the streets and sleeping under bridges '' .
The anti-trust laws inform a business that it must compete , but along completely undefined lines ; ;
it must play a game in which there never is a winner .
If a substitute mechanism is needed for the control of a fictitious impersonal market , quite obviously some method must be devised for representing the public interest .
The problem must be faced squarely .
With their huge backs and overdeveloped shoulders , both must have their clothes made to order .
Behind this reply , and its many variations , is the ever-present budget problem all libraries must face , from the largest to the smallest .
Education must not be limited to our youth but must be a continuing process through our entire lives , for it is only through knowledge that we , as a nation , can cope with the dangers that threaten our society .
We must not permit our society to become a slave to the scientific age , as might well happen without the cultural and spiritual restraint that comes from the development of the human mind through wisdom absorbed from the written word .
Long-range planning of programs and ways to finance them have become musts if the state in the next few years is to avoid crisis-to-crisis government .
These women whose organization grew out of the old suffrage movement are dedicated to Thomas Jefferson's dictum that one must cherish the people's spirit but `` Keep alive their attention '' .
Must Berlin remain divided ? ?
The inference has been too widely accepted that because the Communists have succeeded in building barricades across Berlin the free world must acquiesce in dismemberment of that living city .
Mayor Robert F. Wagner must , as his opponents demand , assume responsibility for his performance in office .
If this choice is less exciting than New York Democrats may wish , it nevertheless must be made .
He must show at the outset that he means exactly what he says .
But because of the peculiar nature of the military situation in Laos , the Soviet leader must be tempted to let things ride -- a course that would appear to cost him little on the spot , but would bog Washington in a tactical mess .
To almost two generations of Americans it must have seemed as though the existence of Mr. Sam coincided with that of the House .
Whether this , or overt action , was the cause of the crash must be promptly determined .
In order to form a new government it must deal with one of the two rival parties which gained strength .
The concept of labor as a special class is outmoded , and in the task confronting America as bastion of the free world , labor must learn to put the national interest first if it is itself to survive .
But those who would revitalize so complex an organization must , first of all , overcome the resistance of layers of officials wedded to traditional procedures , suspicious of innovation and fearful of mistakes .
But competent observers believe he is making progress , particularly toward what Sen. Jackson lists as the primary need -- `` a clearer understanding of where our vital national interests lie and what we must do to promote them '' .
Of course , some of the credit for the sale boost must be given to improvement in the weather and to the fact that Easter comes more than two weeks earlier than in 1960 .
He says the state , in order to proceed with economic development , must develop an understanding of how the various parts of its economy fit together and dovetail into the national economy .
Still we must confess that sometimes some of them go too far .
The Secretary General must have , subject to the constitutional direction of the Security Council and the General Assembly , the power to act , to propose action and to organize action without being hobbled by advisers and assistants acting on someone else's instructions .
What we must have , if the United Nations is to survive , is as nonpolitical , nonpartisan an organization at the top as human beings can make it , subject to no single nation's direction and subservient to no single nation's ambition .
but , as a second-look safeguard , each new project must undergo a Board of Estimate public hearing before construction proceeds .
And there must be many Soviet citizens who know what is going on and who realize that before they can hope to enjoy the full life promised for 1980 they and their children must first survive .
These warnings must not be treated lightly .
Forgiveness is the door through which a person must pass to enter the Kingdom of God .
We must , first of all , be willing to forgive others before we can secure God's forgiveness .
We want the past forgiven , but at the same time we must be willing for God to direct the future .
Finally , we must be willing to forgive others as many times as they sin against us .
We expect him to be noble , and to make us so -- yet he knows , and tries to tell us , how very humble man must be .
Taking off his hat and signaling the driver with it , Mr. Podger stepped into the road , lifted the surprised turtle and consummated its road-crossing with what must have been a breath-taking suddenness .
These programs are volumes of waste paper and lost hours if the citizens of a community must stand aside while land developers tell them when , where , and in what manner the community shall grow .
The article also said that a person had to be 18 years old or over , and must not be going to high school to attend these classes .
On the question of admission to Veterans Administration hospitals of service-connected and non-service-connected disabled veterans , it must be recognized that there are many men who are greatly affected by war service .
The American public must be presented with the facts concerning VA hospitalization .
The editorial concerned legislative proposals to ease the tax burden on DuPont stockholders , in connection with the United States Supreme Court ruling that DuPont must divest itself of its extensive General Motors stock holdings .
To the tens of thousands who must transfer to ride to Seventy-fourth Street and change for the IND , this takes a daily toll of time and temper .
Writers of ads must get their inspiration from the attitude of `` modern '' parents they have observed .
From necessity , they are also inspired by the `` hard-sell '' attitude of the sponsor , so , finally , it is the sponsor who must take the responsibility for the good or bad taste of his advertising .
How many times must we get burned before we learn ? ?
I must , in fairness , take issue with his premise , primarily because the so-called scandals in labor unions were very much connected with business scandals .
Anyone familiar with the details of the McClellan hearings must at once realize that the sweetheart arrangements augmented employer profits far more than they augmented the earnings of the corruptible labor leaders .
So be it -- then we must embark on a crash program for 200-megaton bombs of the common or hydrogen variety , and neutron bombs , which do not exist but are said to be the coming thing .
The escalation must end sometime , and probably quite soon .
Morrison points out that since our country is more urbanized than the Soviet Union or Red China , it is the most vulnerable of the great powers -- Europe of course must be written off out of hand .
Somehow our contemporary Moloch must be induced to see reason .
Yet if Washington gets too indignant about Soviet fallout , it will have to do a lot of fast footwork if America decides it too must start pushing up the radiation count .
To this must be added the 90 to 92 megatons of fission yield produced between the dawn of the atomic age in 1945 and the informal three-power test moratorium that began in November , 1958 .
Once again , the United States must choose .
Leaving aside the choice of unilateral cessation of tests as neither sane nor clearly moral , the question must arise as to why resumption of atmospheric tests on our part would not be a good choice .
So you yourself must seek these objective data , and come to your own conclusions .
But there must be a catalytic pressure .
Now the government must do that ; ;
They know that they must depend heavily on factors outside their own control .
Cried one professor after a few months of Student Schiele's tantrums and rebellion : `` The devil himself must have defecated you into my classroom '' ! !
To the average American , this must sound like an incredible tale from a Saturday night TV movie .
as a result buyers , the public , must be satisfied with second-rate teachers .
If it is not enough that all of our internationalist One Worlders are advocating that we join this market , I refer you to an article in the New York Times' magazine section ( Nov. 12 , 1961 ) , by Mr. Eric Johnston , entitled `` We Must Join The Common Market '' .
Nervousness at the start must have caused the blemishes of her first scene , or she may warm up slowly .
I must say , however , that I preferred the acting that had something of a biting edge to it .
It holds an equally valuable lesson for a society where the word `` intellectual '' has become a term of opprobrium to millions of well-meaning people who somehow imagine that it must be destructive of the simpler human virtues .
If your favorite song is not here it must be an unfamiliar one .
Today , in the era of the integrated musical when an individual song must contribute to the over-all development of the show , it is understandable that a song , no matter how excellent it may be on its own terms , is cut out because it does not perform the function required of it .
All this will serve to show off the Ory style in fine fashion and is a must for those who want to collect elements of the old-time jazz before it is too late to lay hands on the gems .
But , with all due respects and allowances , it must truthfully be said that what they heard was more syrupy than sweet , more mannered than musical .
But to operate in American politics one must go a step further -- one must build a bridge to such names , establish a warmth , a personal connection '' .
On the whole , however , one must wonder at just what it is that forces a beloved artist to besmirch her own reputation as time marches inexorably on .
Futhermore , the station which wants real prestige must lead or participate in community improvement projects , not simply serve on the air .
He contends this idea doesn't conflict with experiments on which the principle of conservation of matter and energy is based because some slight error must be assumed in such experiments .
Still a demurrer or two must be entered .
As faulty as has been our leadership clearly the United States must be relied upon to lead .
Such a man must be able and willing to give clear and sensible advice to the whole group , a person in whom all the member nations will have absolute confidence .
This leader must be a man who lives above illusions that heretofore have shaped the foreign policy of the United States , namely that Russia will agree to a reunited Germany , that the East German government does not exist , that events in Japan in June 1960 were Communist-inspired , that the true government of China is in Formosa , that Mao was the evil influence behind Khrushchev at the Summit Conference in Paris in May 1960 , and that either China or Russia wants or expects war .
Such a leader must strengthen NATO politically , and establish that true unity about which it has always talked .
The Department of Agriculture averaged out U.S. food consumption last year at 1,488 lbs. per person , which , allowing for the 17 million Americans that John Kennedy said go to bed hungry every night , means that certain gluttons on the upper end must somehow down 8 lbs. or more a day .
In West Africa , for example , where meat is a luxury and babies must be weaned early to make room at the breast for later arrivals , a childhood menace is kwashiorkor , or `` Red Johnny '' , a growth-stunting protein deficiency ( signs : reddish hair , bloated belly ) that kills more than half its victims , leaves the rest prey for parasites and lingering tropical disease .
Yet in the contemporary context this is precisely what one must not do .
If the content of faith is to be presented today in a form that can be `` understanded of the people '' -- and this , it must not be forgotten , is one of the goals of the perennial theological task -- there is no other choice but to abandon completely a mythological manner of representation .
When we say that a mythological mode of thought must be completely abandoned , we mean it must be abandoned as the sole or proper means for presenting the Christian understanding of existence .
Can we continue to alienate precisely those whose gifts we so desperately need and apart from whose co-operation our mission in the world must become increasingly precarious ? ?
This is what we mean when we say this demand must be accepted without condition .
This must be stressed because it is absolutely essential to the argument of this concluding chapter .
For we must number here not only the names of Bushnell , Clarke , and Rauschenbusch , not to mention those of `` the Chicago School '' and Macintosh , but those of the brothers Niebuhr and ( if America may claim him ! !
When we say , then , that today , in our situation , the demand for demythologization must be accepted without condition , we are simply saying that at least this much of the liberal tradition is an enduring achievement .
However much we may have to criticize liberal theology's constructive formulations , the theology we ourselves must strive to formulate can only go beyond liberalism , not behind it .
If the demand for demythologization is unavoidable and so must be accepted by theology unconditionally , the position of the `` right '' is clearly untenable .
But it must be readily seen that the religious picture in England has so greatly changed during these hundred years as to engender hope , at least on the Catholic side .
While it must be said that these same Protestants have built some new churches during this period , and that religious population shifts have emptied churches , a principal reason for this phenomenon of redundancy is that fewer Protestants are going to church .
Yet this utterly individual historical person must also contain within himself the common history of mankind .
His history is his alone , yet each man must recognize his own history in it .
Man's life , originally shaped for immortality and for communion with God , must now be conformed to the shape of death .
If it was , then it must have been God's intention to translate him at a certain point from time to eternity .
We have to tell ourselves that when Parker spoke in this vein , he believed what he said , because he could continue , `` But the truth , which cost me bitter tears to say , I must speak , though it cost other tears hotter than fire '' .
As only a member of the family can share in the innermost joys of the family , likewise one must belong to the family of God in order to receive the benefits that are promised to those who are His own .
It is true that we must keep up our national defenses and scientific accomplishments ; ;
But we must not forget man's soul .
It must be getting more serious .
A visitor from a more peaceful country across the sea was taken to one of our amusement parks , and after he had seen it all , he said to a friend : `` You must be a very sad people '' .
In Psalm 27 : 1 you read those beautiful words which you must have in your heart if you are to master the fears that surround you , or to drive them out if they have you in their grip : `` The Lord is my light and my salvation ; ;
He must learn to say with true faith what the psalmist said in a similar world : `` The Lord is my light and my salvation ; ;
yet some must have survived , because the old interest in number symbolism , divination , and magic persisted on into the Han dynasty , which succeeded in reuniting China and keeping it together for a longer period ( from 202 B.C. to A.D. 220 ) .
But , in spite of all this , enough evidence remains to show that the magic square of three must indeed have been the object of a rather extensive cult -- or series of cults -- reaching fullest expression in the Han period .
The existing reverence for Centrality must have been still further stimulated toward the close of the second century B.C. , when the Han Emperor Wu Ti ordered the dynastic color changed to yellow -- which symbolized the Center among the traditional Five Directions -- and took 5 as the dynastic number , believing that he would thus place himself , his imperial family , and the nation under the most auspicious influences .
His immediate motive for doing this may not have been directly inspired by the Lo Shu , but this measure must inevitably have increased the existing beliefs in the latter's efficacy .
The pastor and the Membership Preparation and Assimilation Committee must follow through immediately with a carefully planned program .
Every member of the family must have a vital place in its life .
It must be planned and carefully developed .
The entire membership of the local church must be alerted to their part in this dynamic process .
When they unite with the Church they must find in this fellowship the satisfaction of their basic spiritual needs or they will never mature into effective Christians .
Care must be taken neither to confuse unity with uniformity nor God with our parochial ideas about him , but with these two qualifications , the statement stands .
to escape this fate , it must rule some things out .
It is difficult to say what can be done about them except that we must learn to recognize when it is they , rather than pretexts for them , that are causing the trouble , and do everything possible to nurture the healthy personalities that will prevent the development of such deficiencies .
Leslie Newbiggin reflects the dominant position within the World Council of Churches when he says , `` We must claim absoluteness and finality for Christ and His finished work , but that very claim forbids us to claim absoluteness and finality for our understanding of it '' .
Presumably , if the reverse is the case and the good effect is more certain than the evil result that may be forthcoming , not only must the good and the evil be prudentially weighed and found proportionate , but also calculation of the probabilities and of the degree of certainty or uncertainty in the good or evil effect must be taken into account .
There must not only be greater good than evil objectively in view , but also greater probability of actually doing more good than harm .
He does what he can and may and must , without regarding himself as lord of the future or , on the other hand , as covered with guilt by accident or unforeseen consequences or by results he did not `` permit '' in the sense explained .
Thus , moral decision must be entirely deduced backward from the likely eventuality ; ;
Several of the replies to Mr. Toynbee , without conscious resort to the traditional terminology with regard to the permission of evil , succeed in restoring the actual context in which present moral and political decisions must be made , by distinguishing between choosing a great evil and choosing in danger of this evil .
That is why it is so very important that ethical analysis keep clear the problem of decision as to `` permitted '' effects , and not draw back in fright from any conceivable contingency or suffer paralysis of action before possibilities or probabilities unrelated , or not directly morally related , to what we can and may and must do as long as human history endures .
Finally , just as no different issues are posed for thoughtful analysis by the foreshortening of time that may yet pass before the end of human life on this earth , but only stimulation and alarm to the imagination , the same thing must be said in connection with the question of what we may perhaps already be doing , by human action , to accelerate this end .
No one anticipates any radical shift in this situation , but questions concerning reading habits , the availability of such data and the places where it is discussed must surely be raised .
Here , too , must be placed Unitarianism and , less obviously from Christian inspiration , Emerson , Transcendentalism , and the idealism of Walt Whitman .
We must also remember those who reacted against the dream as a kind of myth -- among them Melville , Hawthorne , and Henry James the elder , all of them out of a Christian background .
A few of the more prominent must serve as examples of what a complete listing and description would disclose .
`` Thou mayst have supernatural powers '' , exclaimed Yang Shan , `` yet thou must give back the Spirit of Buddha to me '' .
Do not wonder that I said to thee , `` You must be born again '' .
Do not wonder that I said to thee , ' You must be born again ' '' .
`` You must be born again '' ( St. John 3 : 7 ) .
But contest definition -- that dramatic muscular separation of every muscle group that seems as though it must have been carved by a sculptor's chisel -- is something quite different .
The moral is : don't transplant it any oftener than you must .
now we must use a heavy one .
If our national interest lies in being able to fight and win a war rather than committing national suicide , then we must take a much more penetrating look at ballistic missiles .
We must determine whether missiles can win a war all by themselves .
We must make certain that the aircraft is finished before we give the entire job to the missile .
Because of a missile's ballistic trajectory , the location of a fixed target must be known quite accurately .
One must first detect a fleeting mobile or moving target , decide that it is worthy of destruction , select the missile to be fired against the target , compute ballistics for the flight , and prepare the missile for firing .
In order to destroy the enemy's mobile , moving , or imprecisely located strategic forces , we must have a hunter-killer capability in addition to our missiles .
It seems reasonable that if general nuclear war is not to be one cataclysmic act of burning each other's citizens to cinders , we must have a manned strategic force of long-endurance aircraft capable of going into China or Russia to find and destroy their strategic forces which continued to threaten us .
The forces which survive the initial attack must be found and destroyed .
Even mobile forces must be found and destroyed .
These crucial questions must be answered by post-attack reconnaissance .
Must records always sound like records ? ?
Steinberg obviously has concluded that it is the lyric element which must dominate in this score , and he manages at times to create the effect of the whole orchestra bursting into song .
Next year 1962 , at Westminster , the Bench Show Committee has raised the requirements so that a junior must win 3 or more Junior Classes in the open division only to qualify for Westminster .
must and should do .
If your state has no provisions for the numbering of pleasure boats , you must apply for a number from the U.S. Coast Guard for any kind of boat with mechanical propulsion rated at more than 10 horsepower before it can be used on Federal waterways .
The number of locking bars required depends on how many false moves must be prevented .
Interlocking signals are normally at stop or `` red '' position , and a lever must be pulled to `` clear '' the signal .
Fitting the locking bars and making the locking pieces is a rather tedious job since stop screws , tappets and locking bars must be removed and replaced many times .
As the work progresses the frame and moving parts become a sort of Chinese puzzle where several pieces must be removed before the part you are working on is accessible .
But because science is based on mathematics doesn't mean that a hot rodder must necessarily be a mathematician .
When more than two figures are separated by subtraction symbols the subtraction must be carried out from the left to right if the result is to be correct .
Cylinder volume can be determined mathematically but combustion chamber volume must be measured with a liquid .
The volume of the cylinder opening in the head gasket must be computed by multiplying its area in square inches by the gasket's thickness in thousandths of an inch .
Another thing that must be taken into consideration is the volume of the area between the top of the piston and the top of the cylinder block when the piston is in top dead center position .
A tire must be inflated to its normal hot operating pressure and the car must be loaded to its operating weight when this measurement is made .
The measurement must be in inches .
Any fraction of an inch involved in the measurement must be converted to a decimal equivalent to simplify the mathematics .
The first time I saw the latter filly she trotted by me and I noticed such a family resemblance that I said to myself , `` that must be Hickory Ash '' .
A number of them must have fallen into disfavor ; ;
From here you can easily include a side trip to the old whaling port of Nantucket , Massachusetts , which looks just as it must have two centuries ago .
The skyline , the bridges , Broadway , and the Staten Island ferry are only a few of the spots to put on your `` must '' list for New York City .
they must be free of oil , wax and dust .
Where a building permit is required , find out what you must present when applying for one .
In many cases , you must file a complete set of plans with the local building inspector .
The reporter must have written this with tongue in cheek , because Dexter's oration could hardly be understood ; ;
All dressing ( undressing to be more exact ) must be done in our small bath house or at the swimmers' homes .
Diving boards must have non-skid surfaces ( coco matting takes an awful beating from chlorine and rots quickly , but grit-impregnated paints are excellent ) .
And divers must be enjoined to look before they leap , either on top of someone else or onto a pool edge .
All bottles must be kept a safe distance away from the pool and drinking glasses are banned in favor of plastic or metal cups .
You must know before you start what the needs and objectives of your organization are ; ;
you must have a list of requirements on where , how many , and what type sites are needed .
This is precisely what makes lucid , straightforward music so difficult to compose -- the clarity must be new , not old '' .
I think the answer is to be found in Prokofieff's own words : `` the clarity must be new , not old '' .
Of course , it must not be forgotten that in achieving this historical feat , Prokofieff had the vast resources of his people behind him ; ;
It must be conceded that his native land provided Prokofieff with many of the necessary conditions for great creative incentive : economic security and cultural opportunities , incisive idioms , social fermentations for a new national ideology -- a sympathetic public and a large body of performers especially trained to fulfill his purpose .
Our athletes are only just beginning to learn that they must study dance .
The gymnast must develop strength , flexibility , coordination , timing , rhythm , courage , discipline , persistence and the desire for perfection .
If the dance teachers of America make it their business to prepare their young charges for the gymnastics that must come some day if our schools are really responsible , we will be that much ahead .
School teachers , all too unprepared for the job they must do , will need demonstrators .
Many cells , bacteria , and other microorganisms are transparent to visible light and must be stained for microscopic investigation .
The microscope and orthicon are both selected to operate well into the ultraviolet spectrum , which means that all lenses must be quartz .
For many of these measurements the chest must be opened , but the blood vessels and the heart itself remain undisturbed .
So impressive were those serious years of study at the university that Hans later wrote , `` to be perfectly free , the young man must revel in the great kingdom of thought and imagination ; ;
Animals eat only from one side , so the fence-line bunk must be twice as long as the mechanical bunk .
These bunks also serve as a fence , so part of the additional cost must be attributed to the fence .
All-weather roads must be provided next to the feeding floor so access will be possible all year .
Obviously , the four year provision limits this to fundamentals and much desirable material must be eliminated .
He must be capable of designing for and supervising the manufacture of any craft materials needed in the furnishings '' .
The interior designer , then , must first be an artist but also understand carpentry and painting and lighting and plumbing and finance .
And further he must understand his obligation to the client to not only meet his physical necessities but also to enhance and improve his life and to enlarge the cultural horizon of our society .
In the earlier years of training certain phases of the work must be covered and the synthetic problem has its use .
Here , too , the reality of actual furniture must be experienced .
Beyond any question of curriculum and approach to subject must be the quality of the teachers themselves .
It will occur to anyone that the teacher must have adequate education , a depth and breadth of knowledge far beyond the immediate necessities of his course plus complete dedication to his subject and to his students .
At the end of its letter was the information that applicants for this position `` must also be prepared to teach costume design and advertising art '' .
We must build a corps of highly professional teachers of interior design who have had education , experience in the profession and are willing to take on the usual accompaniments of teaching -- minimal income and minimal status among their confreres .
The matter of sympathy of the academic professors for art objectives also must be taken into account .
For proper accreditation of schools , teachers in any course must have a degree at least one level above that for which the student is a candidate .
The basic problem involved is that a college setting up a graduate school must have an entirely separate faculty for the advanced degree .
Most professors in the course must , naturally , again have a higher degree than the course offers .
Independent art schools granting degrees must , naturally , follow this with academic accreditation by the appropriate regional group .
In granting bereavement leaves , specify the maximum time off and list what the worker's relation to the deceased must be to qualify .
there is no one point in a man's career at which he must select either the technical or the managerial path upward .
They must learn to wear several hats , so to speak , working with management , sales and engineering problems related to the product .
The amount paid by the oil company to Tri-State for the use of its oil distribution system and the privilege of supplying all the homes , is subject to negotiation but naturally must be profitable to both parties .
He must undertake complete servicing of the oilheating equipment to assure fine heating .
Again , the oil man must read the meters at such intervals as he finds best .
There must be a restriction in the deed to provide that the customer may not be charged more than the current market price for the oil , an obvious precaution , since the account is permanently wedded , just like with gas or electricity .
Frequently , the message must be changed at intervals to feature new products , price changes , etc. .
Says Clarence Thompson : `` We dealers must earn our mark-up by performing a service for the builder cheaper than he could do it himself '' .
aside from her specifically regional accent , she reveals by the use of the triad , `` irritable , tense , depressed '' , a certain pedantic itemization that indicates she has some familiarity with literary or scientific language ( i.e. , she must have had at least a high-school education ) , and she is telling a story she has mentally rehearsed some time before .
to spot these giveaways the therapist must know either intuitively or scientifically how to listen .
therapist and/or linguist must always consider the alternatives .
No one else must know .
Dreams that display events of the future with photographic detail call for a theory explaining their basic mystery and all its components , including that weird feeling of deja vue , inevitably fantastic though that theory must seem .
It is not through space nor time that the time machine most approved by science fiction must travel for a visit to the permanent prehistoric past , or the ever-existent past-fantasy future .
Three seconds flat is the usual time , and the space is crossed by moderate mileage , while the overwhelming immensity of such journeys must be conceived as a static pulsation through an enormous number of coexistent frequencies which perpetuate all events .
If the photographically realistic continuity of dreams , however bizarre their combinations , denies that it is purely a composition of the brain , it must be compounded from views of diverse realities , although some of them may never be encountered in what we are pleased to call the real life .
He was almost positive it was not Assyrian nor Cassite , and imagined it must have been German or English .
The Director , Walter E. Clark , believes that a school with children living full time in its care must take full responsibility for their welfare .
Everything must balance to the last penny .
One thing , I am sure of , you must get an interest in life .
We must realize with Prof. Charles Morris in his The Open Self that `` Man is the being that can continually remake himself , the artisan that is himself the material for his own creation '' .
Privacy must be highly assured both in time and place .
This is obvious when it is remembered that , during childbirth , the vagina must dilate enough to permit the passage of the baby .
Serious attention must also be given to the husband's problems in the honeymoon situation .
And just as domination today often begins with the wife , so the cure generally must lie with the husband .
`` To get a marriage back where it belongs '' , comments Dr. Schillinger of the Lincoln Institute , `` the husband must take some very basic steps .
He must begin , paradoxically , by becoming more selfish .
He must become more expressive of his own desires , more demanding and less ' understanding ' '' .
It was a rugged finish for what must have been a very interesting night .
However , this does not mean that a child's teeth or jaws must necessarily resemble those of someone in his family .
This must be done at the rate at which new bony tissue grows , and no faster .
To become an orthodontist , a man must first be licensed by his state as a dentist , then he must spend at least two years in additional training to acquire a license as a specialist .
The possibility has to be ruled out that the medium's ESP may tap the memory of the sitter , and to do this , the two central characters in this drama must be separated .
Now the original absent sitter must decide whether the statements are meaningful to him .
So , after the sitting has been held , several readings at one time are mailed , and the distant sitter ( whose name or whose communicator's name was given to the medium ) must mark each little item as Correct ( Hit ) , Incorrect ( Miss ) , Doubtful , or Especially Significant ( applying to him and , he feels , not to anyone else ) .
The farmer's life must be arranged to meet the demands of crops and livestock .
Livestock must be tended every day , routinely .
The farmer must get up early , and , at times , work late at night .
Frequently he must work long hours in the hot sun or cold rain .
No matter how well work is planned , bad weather or unexpected setbacks can cause extra work that must be caught up .
Part-time farmers generally must pay higher prices for supplies than full-time farmers because they buy in smaller quantities .
If the farm is rented , the rent must be paid .
If it is owned , taxes must be paid , and if the place is not free of mortgage , there will be interest and payments on the principal to take care of .
If you are going to farm for extra cash income on a part-time basis you must keep in mind the needed machinery investments when you choose among farm enterprises .
If you are considering a part-time farm where the water must be provided by a well , find out if there is a good well on the farm or the probable cost of having one drilled .
If the house is not wired adequately for electricity or if plumbing or a central heating system must be installed , check into the cost of making these improvements .
Denouncing the view that the sexual union is an end in itself , the Conference declared : `` We steadfastly uphold what must always be regarded as the governing considerations of Christian marriage .
Even Hudson , experienced in Arctic sailing and determined as he was , must have had qualms as he slid down the Thames .
This must have been Hudson's blackest discovery .
The new site was somewhat warmer than Fort Douglas and much closer to the great herds of buffalo on which the settlement must depend for food .
I don't feel much like a maryed man but I never forgit it sofar as to court enny other lady but if I should you must forgive me as I am so forgitful '' .
But he is a West Point graduate and therefore must be born to command '' .
What actually occurred in the past is seldom as important as what a given generation feels must have occurred .
But we must never forget , most of the appropriate heroes and their legends were created overnight , to answer immediate needs , almost always with conscious aims and ends .
If one wishes to discuss a literary figure who uses folklore in his work , the first thing he must realize is that the literary figure is probably part of this ignorant American public .
And while every writer must be dealt with as a special case , the interested student will want to ask himself a number of questions about each .
While a wind wave never travels at more than 60 miles per hour , the velocity of a tsunami in the open sea must be reckoned in hundreds of miles per hour .
But dominant in the sense that every other objective , no matter how worthy intrinsically , must defer to it .
but if we must choose between peace and keeping the Communists out of Berlin , then we must fight .
but if granting self-determination to the Algerian rebels entails sweeping that area into the Sino-Soviet orbit , then Algerian freedom must be postponed .
but if justice for Bantus entails driving the government of the Union of South Africa away from the West , then the Bantus must be prepared to carry their identification cards yet a while longer .
my point is that where conflicts arise they must always be resolved in favor of achieving the indispensable condition for a tolerant world -- the absence of Soviet Communist power .
Communist political warfare , we must remember , is waged insidiously and in deliberate stages .
Life must be kept in harmony
We had nearly decided that all the tales of Lao lethargy must be true , when we were invited to take a trip with the Prime Minister .
Those souls like to wander off , and must be called back .
If this must be done , they should always be corked and kept in a cool place ; ;
Thus , red wine must , if possible , never be disturbed or shaken ; ;
On March 21 , 1845 the bark Bashaw weighed anchor at New Orleans , while on the levee Henry and William Palfrey waved farewell to their father's former chattels who must have looked back at the receding shore with mingled regret and jubilation .
Postmaster General J. Edward Day , who must deal with matters of postal censorship , is himself author of a novel , Bartholf Street , albeit one he was obliged to publish at his own expense .
But it soon became clear that the search for eighteenth-century furniture ( which Mrs. Kennedy feels is the proper period for the White House ) must be pursued in places other than government storage rooms .
Woman's place is in the home : man must attend to matters of the yard .
But his is still a simple life relatively free of the female presence or influence , and he must go far , even though he may go fast , for sophisticated pleasures .
She must have looked temptingly pretty to the dean as he put the crown on her head .
He said Morse and Borden had quarreled violently in the house that day , information which must have come from Lizzie .
Many years later ( on August 3 , 1915 ) , Lucy Upton wrote Winslow's daughter soon to be graduated from Smith College : `` While I love botany which , after dabbling in for years , I studied according to the methods of that day exactly forty years ago in a summer school , it must be fascinating to take up zoology in the way you are doing .
and both believed that intellectual growth must go hand in hand with the development of sturdy character and Christian zeal .
Statistically this has represented a loss to the nation , although one must admit that in an individual case the decision in retrospect may have been a wise one .
High motivation towards higher education must start early enough so that by the time the boy or girl reaches grade 9 he or she has at least developed those basic skills which are essential for academic work .
To be sure , in tool-and-die work and in the building trades , the first job must be often on an apprentice basis , but two years of half-time vocational training enables the young man thus to anticipate one year of apprentice status .
The separate vocational or technical high schools in the large cities must be reckoned as permanent institutions .
It is here that the local and ecumenical must meet .
It is here that the ecumenical must become local and the local become ecumenical .
It has become almost trite to say that the ecumenical movement must be `` carried down to the grass roots '' .
There must first be a deeper sense that the church belongs not to us but to Christ , and that it is His purpose , not our own interests and preferences , that determines what it is to be and do .
In some cities games were broadcast throughout the week and then on weekends the announcer was silenced , and fans must needs drive to the city from all the broadcast area to discover how their heroes were faring .
In the specific case of time diffusion , we must emphasize the significance of the earlier development of mistrust when it is combined with the inevitable time crisis experienced by most ( if not all ) adolescents in our society , and with the failure of the adolescent period to provide opportunities for developing trust .
The prevailing view in the industry was summed up in 1912 by a group of auto makers who told a Senate committee : `` The exceedingly unsatisfactory and uselessly expensive conditions , including delays surrounding legal disputes , particularly in patent litigation , are items of industrial burden which must be written large in figures of many millions of dollars of industrial waste '' .
Even if he is gifted with the merest mustard grain of imagination , something must seep in .
The vulnerability of Protestantism to social differences stems from the peculiar role of the new religious style in middle-class life , where the congregation is a vehicle of social and economic group identity and must conform , therefore , to the principle of economic integration .
this recruitment , however , must follow the pattern of economic integration or it will disrupt the congregation ; ;
Engages must be loyal to the concessionaires , and must serve until the term provided in the engagement was ended .
Bienville realized that if the French were to hold the southeastern tribes against the enticements of British goods , French traders must be able to offer a supply as abundant as the Carolinians and at reasonable prices .
But it coupled with this a requirement that Indians must bring their pelts to Mobile and thus save all costs of transportation into and out of the Indian country .
If this trade should be resumed , the habitants who had come to be farmers or artisans , and soldiers discharged from the army , must be hardened to the severe life of coureurs de bois .
With all these agencies , the congressman must constantly check the political wind and trim his sails accordingly .
It would be directed against the actual location of the unjust policy which , for love's sake and for the sake of justice , must be removed , and , indivisible from this , to the economic injury of the people directly and objectively a part of this policy .
Without agreeing with every phrase in this statement , we must certainly assert the great difference between Christian love and any form of resistance , and then go on beyond the Mennonite position and affirm that Christian love-in-action must first justify and then determine the moral principles limiting resistance .
There must also be additional and more fundamental discrimination in the use of means of resistance , violent or non-violent .
Not only should this provision be enforced but other economic and political actions might be taken which , this author believes , `` must surely be supported by every American who values the freedom that has been won for him and whose conscience is not so dominated by the lines in his account books that he can willingly and knowingly contribute to the enslavement of another nation '' .
His assumption seems to be that any such friends , being tolerable humans , must be more liberal than most Southerners and therefore at least partly in sympathy with his views .
Let us look in on one of these nerve centers -- SAC at Omaha -- and see what must still happen before a wing of B-52 bombers could drop their Aj .
He must take it from `` the red box '' .
Now we must become vague , for we are approaching one of the nation's most guarded secrets .
The pieces must be placed in the context of the prepared messages by Wisman's staff .
Each must match Wisman's `` pie '' with the fragment that he carries with him .
All three must compare notes and agree to `` go '' .
It is the gait of the human who must run to live : arms dangling , legs barely swinging over the ground , head hung down and only occasionally swinging up to see the target , a loose motion that is just short of stumbling and yet is wonderfully graceful .
The smell is sexual , but so powerfully so that a civilized nose must deny it .
Travelers entering from the desert were confounded by what must have seemed an illusion : a great garden filled with nightingales and roses , cut by canals and terraced promenades , studded with water tanks of turquoise tile in which were reflected the glistening blue curves of a hundred domes .
The men crying love poems in an orchard on any summer's night are as often as not the lutihaw , mustachioed toughs who spend most of their lives in and out of the local prisons , brothels , and teahouses .
`` You must have some security '' , said a young clerk .
Today the Negro must discover his role in an industrialized South , which indicates that the racial aspect of the Southern dilemma hasn't changed radically , but rather has gradually come to be reflected in this new context , this new coat of paint .
Yet he presents a realm of source material which may well serve other writers if not himself : the problems with which a New South must grapple in groping through a blind adolescence into the maturity of urbanization .
With new mechanization the modern farmer must perform the work of six men : a machine stands between the agrarian and his soil .
The thousands of city migrants who desert the farms yearly must readjust with even greater stress and tension : the sacred wilderness is gradually surrendering to suburbs and research parks and industrial areas .
An approach that has appealed to some choreographers is reminiscent of Charles Olson's statement of the process of projective verse : `` one perception must immediately and directly lead to a further perception '' .
The work must be true to both the physical and the spiritual character of the experience .
Again , the composer must select his own materials .
The design is determined emotionally : `` I must reach into myself for the spring that will send me catapulting recklessly into the chaos of event with which the dance confronts me '' .
In his recognition of his impersonal self the dancer moves , and this self , in the `` first revealed stroke of its existence '' , states the theme from which all else must follow .
But the metamorphosis must come first .
Then the choreographer must arbitrate .
He must rearrange matters so that two performers do not bump into each other .
He must construct transitions so that a dancer who is told to lie prone one second and to leap wildly the next will have some physical preparation for the leap .
If the Union conceded this to them , the same right must be conceded to each remaining state whenever it saw fit to secede : This would destroy the federal balance between it and the states , and in the end sacrifice to the sovereignty of the states all the liberty the citizens had gained by their Union .
Lincoln saw that the act of secession made the issue for the Union a vital one : Whether it was a Union of sovereign citizens that should continue to live , or an association of sovereign states that must fall prey either to `` anarchy or despotism '' .
I suggested that one must let it in because it is the truth , but Beckett did not take to the word truth .
One cannot speak anymore of being , one must speak only of the mess .
It is there and it must be allowed in '' .
But do the plays deal with the same facets of experience religion must also deal with ? ?
One girl describes her past , her succession of broken marriages , the abortions she has had and finally confesses that she loves sex and sees no reason why she must justify her passion .
The new fact the initiates of this cult have to learn is that they must move toward simplicity .
But Aristotle kept the principle of levels and even augmented it by describing in the Poetics what kinds of character and action must be imitated if the play is to be a vehicle of serious and important human truths .
I must confess that I prefer the Liberal who is personally affected , who is willing to send his own children to a mixed school as proof of his faith .
Being a teacher of American literature , I remembered Whittier's `` Massachusetts To Virginia '' , where he said : `` But that one dark loathsome burden ye must stagger with alone , And reap the bitter harvest which ye yourselves have sown '' .
A man must be able to say , `` Father , I have sinned '' , or there is no hope for him .
It may , however , be noted that his gift for color and imagery must have been greatly stimulated by his stay in Paris .
He catches criminals not merely because he is paid to do so ( frequently he does not receive a fee at all ) , but because he enjoys his work , because he firmly believes that murder must be punished .
In short , the fictional private eye is a specialized version of Adam Smith's ideal entrepreneur , the man whose private ambitions must always and everywhere promote the public welfare .
Now the detective must save his own skin by informing on the girl he loves , who is also the real murderer .
If the detective insists upon retaining his personal standards , he must now do so in conscious defiance of his society .
He must , in short , cease to be a detective and become a rebel .
On the other hand , if he wishes to continue in his chosen profession , he must abandon his own code and sacrifice his precious individualism .
The networks for military communications are one of the best examples of networks which not only must be changed with the changes in objectives but also must be changed with the addition of new machines of war .
They also furnish proof that , in modern war , message sending must be monitored .
We must believe we have the ability to affect our own destinies : otherwise why try anything ? ?
Properly mindful of all the cultures in existence today throughout the world , we must employ these resources without war or violent revolution .
So we must first analyze our present institutions with respect to the effect of each on man's major needs .
Businesses must develop as a result of the ideas , energies and ambitions of an individual having purpose and comprehensive ability within one mind .
Thus , if corporations are not to run away with us , they must become quasi-governmental institutions , subject to public control and needs .
and for this human beings must be firmly in control of the economics on which our society rests .
Hence government must establish greater controls upon corporations so that their activities promote what is deemed essential to the national interest .
Strikes should be declared illegal against corporations because disagreements would have to be settled by government representatives acting as controllers of the corporation whose responsibility to the state would now be defined against proprietorship because employees and proprietors must be completely interdependent , as they are each a part of the whole .
New ideas were dangerous and must be repressed , no matter how .
Of course , there must be clarity : a single distinct impression is more valuable than many fuzzy ones .
Ideas we must have , and we seek them everywhere .
For answers to such questions we must turn to the anthropologists , the biologists , the historians , the psychologists , and the sociologists .
We must not forget , to be sure , that free discussion and debate have produced beneficial results .
But the fact remains that even the unconscious acceptance of himself as a man of destiny divinely protected must be censored in any man who evades the responsibility for his major decisions , and thus for imposing his will on the people .
He must , consequently , exist as a self-perceived substantive , developing agent , or he does not exist as man .
If the existent form is to be retained new factors that reinforce it must be introduced into the situation .
If many of the characters in contemporary novels appear to be the bloodless relations of characters in a case history it is because the novelist is often forgetful today that those things that we call character manifest themselves in surface behavior , that the ego is still the executive agency of personality , and that all we know of personality must be discerned through the ego .
The novelist who has been badly baptized in psychoanalysis often gives us the impression that since all men must have an Oedipus complex all men must have the same faces .
but , he held , instead of continuing as an `` art of reduction '' , it must grow , must make a place for the contributions of the Raphaels and Poussins as well as for those of the early cubists and Mondrian .
It must , apparently , be motion without termini .
Analogously , anyone who argues that Einstein's theory of gravitation is simpler than Newton's , must say rather more to explain how it is that the latter is mastered by student-physicists , while the former can be managed ( with difficulty ) only by accomplished experts .
It must be granted that the flouting of convention , no matter how well intentioned one may be , is sure to lead to trouble , or at least to the discomfort that goes with social disapproval .
Miriam Noel Wright said , `` Here I am at my own home , locked out so I must stand in the road '' ! !
Miriam said that she must be assured that `` that other woman , Olga , will not be in luxury while I am scraping along '' .
Said : `` There are things I must tell you about this man you are marrying which he does not know himself '' .
To you , for instance , the word innocence , in this connotation , probably retained its Biblical , or should I say technical sense , and therefore I suppose I must make myself quite clear by saying that I lost -- or rather handed over -- what you would have considered to be my innocence two weeks before I was legally entitled , and in fact by oath required , to hand it over along with what other goods and bads I had .
Just as in the case of every prodigy child , we must watch for the efficacy of my teaching to show up in the future -- if he should master all the strenuous exercises I inflicted on him .
`` I felt that I must devote myself to the ' outside ' world '' .
These peoples , desperately hoping to lift themselves to decent levels of living must not , by our neglect , be forced to seek help from , and finally become virtual satellites of , those who proclaim their hostility to freedom .
But they must have technical and investment assistance .
To remain secure and prosperous themselves , wealthy nations must extend the kind of co-operation to the less fortunate members that will inspire hope , confidence , and progress .
We must meet this situation by promoting a rising volume of exports and world trade .
Further , we must induce all industrialized nations of the Free World to work together to help lift the scourge of poverty from less fortunate .
I cannot express to you the depth of my conviction that , in our own and free world interest , we must co-operate with others to help these people achieve their legitimate ambitions , as expressed in their different multi-year plans .
Through the World Bank and other instrumentalities , as well as through individual action by every nation in position to help , we must squarely face this titanic challenge .
We face , indeed , what may be a turning point in history , and we must act decisively and wisely .
No matter how earnest is our quest for guaranteed peace , we must maintain a high degree of military effectiveness at the same time we are engaged in negotiating the issue of arms reduction .
We must be ever alert that freedom does not wither through the careless amassing of restrictive controls or the lack of courage to deal boldly with the issues of the day .
It sounded like a fair enough invitation , Peter Marshall reflected , and Bang-Jensen must have thought so too , because on the thirteenth , he met the group of three on the thirty-sixth floor of the U.N. .
The crew of the Caravan never failed to amaze Ann , who during her stay in Salem must frequently have overheard strong sailorly language .
Hanoverian agents assisted in promoting circulation , said to have reached 40,000 , and if one may judge by the reaction of Swift and other government writers , the work must have had considerable impact .
In The Publick Spirit of the Whigs , it may be noted , Swift himself contemptuously dismissed Steele's reference to his friend at court : `` I suppose by the Style of old Friend , and the like , it must be some Body there of his own Level ; ;
Mercer is supposed to have refused it with , `` Anyone who wears a square monacle must be affected '' ! !
with Harry Warren he did `` The Girl Friend Of The Whirling Dervish '' , `` Jeepers Creepers '' , and `` You Must Have Been A Beautiful Baby '' .
The working test of `` the facts '' must always be the best available description obtainable from scholars and scientists who have applied their methods of investigation to relevant situations .
After allowing for group exposures , it is apparent that other factors must be considered if we are to comprehend fanaticism .
Community decision makers must make up their minds whether a claim is acceptable to the larger community in terms of prevailing expectations regarding members of nation states .
The decision maker who acts for the community as a whole must decide whether the objectives pursued and the methods used are appropriate to public policy regarding cultural groups .
The idea here is one of discharge but this must stand in opposition to a second view , Plato's notion of the arousal of emotion .
If art is to release us from these postulated things ( things we must think symbolically about ) and bring us back to the ineffable beauty and richness of the aesthetic component of reality in its immediacy , it must sever its connection with these common sense entities '' .
It is true that this distinction between style and idea often approaches the arbitrary since in the end we must admit that style and content frequently influence or interpenetrate one another and sometimes appear as expressions of the same insight .
One might , indeed , argue that the history of ideas , in so far as it includes the literatures , must center on characterizations of human nature and that the great periods of literary achievement may be distinguished from one another by reference to the images of human nature that they succeed in fashioning .
Such an understanding , although it must seek to be sympathetic , is not a matter of intuition .
Still , we must remember that we cannot construct and justify generalizations of this sort unless we are ready to consider many special instances of influence moving between such areas as theology , philosophy , political thought , and literature .
These moments are historical events in the lives of individual authors with which the student of comparative literature must be frequently concerned .
We must avoid the notion , suggested to some people by examples such as those just mentioned , that ideas are `` units '' in some way comparable to coins or counters that can be passed intact from one group of people to another or even , for that matter , from one individual to another .
`` I must hurry to catch my train '' .
The volume is a piece of passionate special pleading , written with the heat -- and often with the wisdom , it must be said -- of a Liberal damning the shortsightedness of politicians from 1782 to 1832 .
`` I must then be standing on the line between France and Germany '' .
`` There must be a line '' ! !
Now come , Garry , we must go quickly .
It is not in the record , but he must have galloped his horse at Peach Tree Creek when he brought up Ward's guns to save Newton's crumbling line .
The dispatch must have been sent after sundown on September 1 .
A week in arrears , and without means to pay , I must go , it is the only right thing .
since my silence must have ended when I gave the purposed volume to you .
From the outset , she must have realized that marriage with him was out of the question , and although she was displeased by the `` unwarrantable '' interference , it seems probable that she did agree with her mother's suggestion that the poet was `` perhaps '' a man `` most fitted to live & die solitary , & in the love only of the Highest Lover '' .
Poetry , he said , must be `` dogmatic '' : it must not stoop to argue like a `` K.C. in cloth-of-gold '' .
Mando , pleading her cause , must have said that Dr. Brown was the most distinguished physician in the United States of America , for our man poured out his symptoms and drew a madly waving line indicating the irregularity of his pulse .
Gorton appeared for her , however , and what he told the magistrates must have been plenty , for he was charged with deluding the court , fined , and told to leave the colony within fourteen days .
In the spring , it must have been , he began working on the play that he called The House , which later would be Mannerhouse .
For this decision a man must take personal responsibility .
Such a list must naturally be selective , and the treatment of each man is brief , for I am interested only in their general ideas on the moral measure of literature .
He explains that his citizens must not be corrupted by any of the misrepresentations of the gods or heroes that one finds in much poetry , and he observes that all `` these pantomimic gentlemen '' will be sent to another state .
The same sort of thinking plays so large a part in both Babbitt and More , that we must examine it in some detail .
Both sides agreed that the theater must stand a moral test , but they could not agree on whether the poets were a good or a bad influence .
His neighbors celebrated his return , even if it was only temporary , and Morgan was especially gratified by the quaint expression of an elderly friend , Isaac Lane , who told him , `` A man that has so often left all that is dear to him , as thou hast , to serve thy country , must create a sympathetic feeling in every patriotic heart '' .
There must have been special feelings of joy and patriotism in the heart of Daniel Morgan too , when the news was received on April 30th of the recognition by France of the independence of the United States .
The troops must have more than the common quantity of liquor , and perhaps there will be some little drunkenness among them '' .
In all the talk of feudal rights , the knights and bishops must never forget the woolworkers , nor was it easy to do so , for all along the road to Italy they passed the Florentine pack trains going home with their loads of raw wool from England and rough Flemish cloth , the former to be spun and woven by the Arte Della Lana and the latter to be refined and dyed by the Arte Della Calimala with the pigment recently discovered in Asia Minor by one of their members , Bernardo Rucellai , the secret of which they jealously kept for themselves .
Banks the Butcher took Meltzer the Scholar as an apprentice and he made it very clear that a man of learning must be able to do more than just quote the Commentaries of the Talmud in order to live .
We must , therefore , have a look at the new archaeological material and re-examine the literary and place-name evidence which bears upon the problem .
Therefore , what we must prove or disprove is that there were Saxons , in the broad sense in which we must construe the word , in the area of the Saxon Shore at the time it was called the Saxon Shore .
That is , we must find Saxons in East Anglia , Kent , Sussex and Hampshire in the last half of the fourth century .
Quiney was in London again in June , 1601 , and in November , when he rode up , as Shakespeare must often have done , by way of Oxford , High Wycombe , and Uxbridge , and home through Aylesbury and Banbury .
Asked by the townsmen to cease his suit , Greville had answered that `` hytt shulde coste hym 500 first & sayed it must be tried ether before my Lorde Anderson in the countrey or his uncle Ffortescue in the exchequer with whom he colde more prevaile then we '' .
Often the historian must consider the use of intuition or instinct by those individuals or nations which he is studying .
Adams firmly contended that the historian must never underrate the impact of the geographical environment on history .
In fact , if judgments are to be rendered upon the soundness of his historicism , they must be based on scanty evidence .
This is not to assume that his work was without merit , but the validity of his assumptions concerning the meaning of history must always be considered against this background of an unprofessional approach .
In all fairness it must be admitted that Adams made no pretense at being an impartial historian .
It was history that must be in error , not the historian .
One example of this was his assertion that `` all servile revolts must be dealt with by physical force '' .
There is no explanation of terms nor a qualification that most such revolts have been dealt with by force -- only a bald dogmatism that they must , because of some undefined compulsion , be so repelled .
Furthermore , he must regard religion as the expression of human forces .
Certainly , he must recognize its power and attempt to ascertain its influence on the flow of history , but he must not confuse the natural and the mundane with the divine .
I must have written to say how much I had enjoyed his fine book The Building Of Eternal Rome , and I found he had not regretted giving me the highest mark in his old course on the later Latin poets , although in my final examination I had ignored the questions and filled the bluebook with a comparison of Propertius and Coleridge .
He telephoned L. M. Birkhead and asked him and his wife to come to Europe as his guests , but Birkhead declined on the grounds that one of them must be in the United States when Elmer Gantry was published .
Nevertheless , Mrs. Lewis was still solicitous of his condition : let him do as he wished , let him sleep with chambermaids if he must , but , she begged Blackman , try to keep him from drinking a great deal and bring him back in good health .
When Blackman emerged from the bedroom , everyone was gone except the tolerant Lord Thomson , who stayed and chatted with him for half an hour , and then Blackman lay awake most of that night , despairing of what he must expect on the Continent .
The churches , the taverns , and the various other places of the town must have known his figure well as he roved to and about them .
He smoked , as did everybody , and imbibed the various alcoholic beverages of that day , although his protestations while at Cambridge and after that he was no drunkard point to reasonable abstinence from the wild drinking bouts of some of the undergraduates and , we must add , of some of their elders including many of the regents or teachers .
Frederick Pohl's `` The Midas Touch '' ( 1954 ) predicts an economy of abundance which , in order to remain prosperous , must set its robots to consuming surplus production ; ;
Like ours , the economy of the space merchants must constantly expand in order to survive , and , like ours , it is based on the principle of `` ever increasing everybody's work and profits in the circle of consumption '' .
I know that one must act .
and we must attend to it more closely than has usually been done .
In a pessimistic assessment of the cold war , Eden declared : `` There must be much closer unity within the West before there can be effective negotiation with the East '' .
While I fully agree with Sir Anthony's contention , I think that we must carry the analysis farther , bearing in mind that while common peril may be the measure of our need , the existence or absence of a positive sense of community must be the measure of our capacity .
That time is now past and the Atlantic nations , if they are to survive , must develop a full-fledged community , and they must also look beyond the frontiers of `` Western civilization '' toward a world-wide `` concert of free nations '' .
A realistic balancing of the need for new forms of international organization on the one hand , and our capacity to achieve them on the other , must be approached through the concept of `` community '' .
A working concept of the organic evolution of community must lead us in a different direction .
The history of the U.N. demonstrates that in a pluralistic world we must develop processes of influence and persuasion rather than coercion .
He is usually something of an underdog , he must battle the organized police force as well as recognized criminals .
The private detective must rely , as the Youngest Son or Trickster Hero does in primitive myth , on his wits .
The immense amount of interest that the new jazz had for the younger generation must have impressed him , and he began working toward the merger of jazz and poetry , as he had previously attempted the union of graphic art and poetry .
He is forced to play for little money , and must often take another job to live .
He must become one who knows all about the injustice in the world , but who declines doing anything about it .
His `` articulate Jewish friends '' convinced him that education ( read `` reading '' ) was `` a must '' .
Evidence that other sources of financing are unavailable must be provided .
To qualify for either type of loan , an applicant must be a small business or approved small business `` pool '' and must meet certain credit requirements .
The credit requirements stipulate that the applicant must have the ability to operate the business successfully and have enough capital in the business so that , with loan assistance from the SBA , it will be able to operate on a sound financial basis .
A proposed loan must be for sound purposes or sufficiently secured so as to assure a reasonable chance of repayment .
The record of past earnings and prospects for the future must indicate it has the ability to repay the loan out of current and anticipated income .
To be eligible to borrow from a Bank for Cooperatives , a cooperative must be an association in which farmers act together in processing and marketing farm products , purchasing farm supplies , or furnishing farm business services , and must meet the requirements set forth in the Farm Credit Act of 1933 , as amended .
it must express the nation's own will and goal .
We must use common sense in applying conditions
It must be recognized that countries at different stages of development have very different capabilities of meeting such conditions .
It is vitally important that the new U.S. aid program should encourage all of them , since the main thrust for development must come from the less developed countries themselves .
Open societies can take many forms , and within very broad limits recipients must be free to set their own goals and to devise their own institutions to achieve those goals .
Once we have made clear that we are genuinely concerned with a country's development potential , we can be blunt in suggesting the technical conditions that must be met for development to occur .
For both economic and political reasons all segments of the population must be able to share in the growth of a country .
To have any success in this effort , we must ourselves view it as an enterprise stretching over a considerable number of years , and we must encourage the recipients of our aid to view it in the same fashion .
The whole program must be conceived of as an effort , stretching over a considerable number of years , to alter the basic social and economic conditions in the less developed world .
It must be recognized as a slow-acting tool designed to prevent political and military crises such as those recently confronted in Laos and Cuba .
Moreover , on complex projects , design work must be completed and orders for machinery and equipment placed months or even years before construction can commence .
Thus , as a development program is being launched , commitments and obligations must be entered into in a given year which may exceed by twofold or threefold the expenditures to be made in that year .
More importantly , several of the more advanced of the less developed countries have found through experience that they must plan their own complex investment programs for at least 5 years forward and tentatively for considerably more than that if they are to be sure that the various interdependent activities involved are all to take place in the proper sequence .
Most important of all , the less developed countries must be persuaded to take the necessary steps to allocate and commit their own resources .
They must be induced to establish the necessary tax , fiscal , monetary , and regulatory policies .
They must be persuaded to adopt the other necessary self-help measures which are described in the preceding section .
They must , therefore , be related to long-range development plans .
If the less developed countries are to be persuaded to adopt a long-term approach , the United States , as the principal supplier of external aid , must be prepared to give long-term commitments .
The extent to which we can persuade the less developed countries to appraise their own resources , to set targets toward which they should be working , to establish in the light of this forward perspective the most urgent priorities for their immediate attention , and to do the other things which they must do to help themselves , all on a realistic long-term basis , will depend importantly on the incentives we place before them .
It seems to me that the prayers of the whole free world must rise like some vast petition to Providence that Sam Rayburn's vigor and his life remain undiminished through the coming decades .
And , if we follow the Rayburn pattern , as consciously or by an instinctual political sense I like to think I have followed it , then the very nature of our loyalty to our own immediate areas must necessarily be reflected in the devotion of our services to our country .
Thus , there has come into being a situation in which the state must raise all of its own revenues and , in addition , must give assistance to its local governments .
However , it must be stressed that much depends upon the financial condition of the individual cities and towns involved .
each situation must be studied and a plan developed that takes into consideration such factors as the effect of the existing and prospective tax calendars , the financial condition of the treasuries , and the length of the transition interval .
If these services are to be maintained , the New York Central must have the revenues to make them possible '' .
We must ask ourselves which of the two alternatives will help the commuter -- the two-way B. & O. - C. & O. merger , or the three-way New York Central - B. & O. - C. & O. merger .
Three requirements go with a blockade : It must be proclaimed ; ;
the blockading force must be powerful enough to enforce it ; ;
and it must be enforced without discrimination .
If the resulting difference for the particular State is less or more than these extremes , the State's allotment percentage must be raised or lowered to the appropriate extreme .
( Each State's unadjusted allotment for any fiscal year , which exceeds its minimum allotment described in item 13 below by a percentage greater than one and one-half times the percentage by which the sum being allotted exceeds $23,000,000 , must be reduced by the amount of the excess .
If the resulting difference for the particular State is less or more than these extremes , the State's Federal share must be raised or lowered to the appropriate extreme .
The entrance must have at least one right-angle turn .
As soon as the shelter is completed a radio reception check must be made .
Food , medical supplies , utensils , and equipment , if not already stored in the shelter , must be quickly gathered up and carried into it .
The judgment must therefore be reversed and the cause remanded to the District Court for a determination , after further hearing , of the equitable relief necessary and appropriate in the public interest to eliminate the effects of the acquisition offensive to the statute .
One need not waver in his belief in virile law enforcement to insist that there are other things in American life which are also of great importance , and to which even law enforcement must accommodate itself .
There we held `` that the statutory scheme for review , within the selective service system , entitles [ conscientious objectors ] to no guarantee that the FBI reports must be produced for their inspection '' .
We in this Department must think about foreign policy in its total context .
That means that , if we are to achieve a new standard of leadership , we must think in terms of the total context of our situation .
Means must be found to enable us to keep in touch as regularly and as efficiently as possible with our colleagues in other departments concerned with foreign policy .
If there is anything which we can do in the executive branch of the Government to speed up the processes by which we come to decisions on matters on which we must act promptly , that in itself would be a major contribution to the conduct of our affairs .
He knows that he must give the expert his place , but he knows that he must also keep him in it .
He must think about which of these principles must take precedence .
He must deal with the question of how to manage a part when it cannot be handled without relation to the whole -- when the whole is too large to grasp .
He must think of others who have a stake in the question and in its answer .
Our aim must be to learn as much as we teach .
For this must be the project of the whole American people .
The extent to which participating bodies such as U. S. voluntary agencies , universities , international organizations , and the host country or institutions in the host country can and should share the cost of the Peace Corps programs must be fully explored .
As you said in your State of the Union message , `` The problems are towering and unprecedented -- and the response must be towering and unprecedented as well '' .
The change of emphasis from conventional-type to missile-type warfare must be made with care , mindful that the one type of warfare cannot be safely neglected in favor of the other .
Our military forces must be capable of contending successfully with any contingency which may be forced upon us , from limited emergencies to all-out nuclear general war .
If the reserve components are to serve effectively in time of war , their basic organization and objectives must conform to the changing character and missions of the active forces .
Quality and combat readiness must take precedence over mere numbers .
The cost of developing a major weapon system is now so enormous that the greatest care must be exercised in selecting new systems for development , in determining the most satisfactory rate of development , and in deciding the proper time at which either to place a system into production or to abandon it .
Rather , such assignments are made , as they must be , on the basis of certain overall rules and standards , representing to some extent a statistical approach to the problem , taking into account for each situation some of the variables ( e.g. , power and station separations ) and averaging out others in order to achieve the balance which must be struck between protection against destructive interference and the assignment of a number of stations large enough to afford optimum radio service to the Nation .
The 20-to-1 ratio for cochannel interference embodies one of the fundamental limiting principles which we must always take into account in AM assignments and allocations -- that signals from a particular station are potential sources of objectionable interference over an area much greater than that within which they provide useful service .
The rules and policies to be applied in this process of course must be based on objectives which represent what is to be desired if radio service is to be of maximum use to the Nation .
During nighttime hours , because of the intense skywave propagation then prevailing , no large number of stations can be permitted to operate on one of these channels , if the wide area service for which these frequencies are assigned is to be rendered satisfactorily by the dominant stations which must be relied upon to render it .
If you mail A return or tax payment , you must place it in the mails in ample time to reach the district director on or before the due date .
If A taxpayer dies , the executor , administrator , or legal representative must file the final return for the decedent on or before the 15th day of the 4th month following the close of the deceased taxpayer's normal tax year .
Your application must include the following information : ( 1 ) your reasons for requesting an extension , ( 2 ) whether you filed timely income tax returns for the 3 preceding years , and ( 3 ) whether you were required to file an estimated return for the year , and if so whether you did file and have paid the estimated tax payments on or before the due dates .
Any failure to file timely returns or make estimated tax payments when due must be fully explained .
Extensions are not granted as a matter of course , and the reasons for your request must be substantial .
You must attach a statement to your return , if you take advantage of this automatic extension , showing that you were in Alaska or were outside the United States or Puerto Rico on April 15 or other due date .
Interest at the rate of 6% a year must be paid on taxes that are not paid on or before their due date .
Such interest must be paid even though an extension of time for filing is granted .
Minors minors must also file returns if they earn $600 or more during the year .
Since he had gross income of $600 or more , he must file a return in which he may claim an exemption deduction of $600 .
Nevertheless , they made naught of Marx's prophecy that capitalism would never pay the `` workers '' -- to use Marx's word -- more than a subsistence wage , with the consequence that increased productivity must inevitably find its way into the capitalists' pockets with the result , in turn , that the gap between the rich and the poor would irrevocably widen and the misery of the poor increase .
But when there is not freedom and opportunity to choose , men -- individual men -- must remain in status and society does not , cannot , progress .
and we think them largely futile because , for true excellence of accomplishment , every scholar and every artist must cross boundaries of knowledge and boundaries of points of view .
It must have been with some pleasure and relief that on September 12 , 1848 , Joseph Brown made the momentous entry in his job book , in his characteristically cryptic style , `` Lucian Sharpe came to work for me this day as an apprentice '' .
Our research and development program , serving as it does an industry which must compete against low-cost production throughout the world , continues to have primary emphasis at Leesona .
But more important , we believe , it must concentrate on the development of entirely new concepts in textile processing as do the Unifil loom winder and our more recent Uniconer automatic coning machine .
Production must be adjusted accordingly , at minimum cost and quickly .
In addition , production machinery must in many cases be designed to handle with equal efficiency both natural fibers and the increasing number of synthetics , as well as blends .
Each semester every student must attend ten of the services or religious meetings .
A student to be eligible for the captaincy of any Carleton team must have a scholastic record of at least 1.00 .
For the near term , however , it must be realized that the industrial and commercial market is somewhat more sensitive to general business conditions than is the military market , and for this reason I would expect that any gain in 1961 may be somewhat smaller than those of recent years ; ;
A busy president , conversant with a problem and its ramifications and beset by pressures to meet deadlines , tends naturally to assume that others must be as familiar with a problem as he is .
There are certain aspects of personnel development in which a president must involve himself directly .
On those rare occasions when a faculty member on tenure is not meeting the standards of the institution , the president must also bear the ultimate burden of decision and action .
In the first instance , adequate appropriate reading materials and library accommodations must be planned .
Before deciding where it is going , however , a college or university must know where it is .
A plan must therefore be brought up to date periodically , possibly with the assistance of a permanent planning officer .
Budgeting must be flexible to allow adaptation to the rapid changes in scientific and technological scholarship .
In the national interest even the affluent universities must consider some division of labor among them to replace their present ambitions to keep up with the Joneses in all branches .
Since he can neither accept nor reject them all , he must be governed by the time and energy available for his prime professional obligations .
The apparent black-body disk temperature is the temperature which must be assumed for the black body in order that the intensity of its radiation should equal that of the observed radiation .
Not all the observers have used the same procedures or made the same assumptions about the lunar brightness distribution when reducing the data , and this , together with differences in the methods of calibrating the antennae and receivers , must account for much of the disagreement in the measured radio brightness temperatures .
An attempt to improve the life of the anodes or the efficiency of the plasma generators must , therefore , aim at a reduction of the anode loss .
The energy for any isothermal work done by the perfect gas must come as thermal energy from its surroundings .
Under this assumption the space group must be Af and the following are the positions of the atoms in the unit cell .
Freed soil must be dispersed and protected against flocculation .
Cleaned cloth must be protected against the redeposition of dispersed soil .
-- Although there was some variation in results which must be attributed either to trace impurities or to variation in wall effects , the photochemical exchange in the gas phase was sufficiently reproducible so that it seemed meaningful to compare the reaction rates in different series of reaction tubes for the purpose of obtaining information on the effect of chlorine concentration and of carbon tetrachloride concentration on the reaction rate .
Further , the corpuscular radiation , i.e. , the solar-wind protons , must sputter away the surface atoms of the dust and cause a slow diminution in size , with a resultant increase in both the Poynting-Robertson effect and the ratio of the repulsive force to the gravitational force .
Since there is a continual loss of micrometeoritic material in space because of the radiation effects , there must be a continual replenishment : otherwise , micrometeorites would have disappeared from interplanetary space .
However , one must expect that vaporization and ejection of material by hypervelocity impacts would cause a deviation from a linear relationship .
The radius is calculated from the mass by assuming spheres of density Af except for the smallest particles , which must have a higher mass density to remain in the solar system in the presence of solar-radiation pressure .
In considering BW defense , it must be recognized that a number of critical meterological parameters must be met for an aerosol to exhibit optimum effect .
The secondary consequences from this could be very serious and must be taken into consideration in planning for defense .
It must be remembered , however , that there are many agents for which there is no solid immunity and a partial or low-grade immunity may be broken by an appropriate dose of agent .
One must include the preparation of soft drinks and the processing of milk and milk products .
I must add at once that these animals are what we call `` queens '' , young females that have mated in the previous summer or autumn .
There must be several dozen species in the United States alone .
This must be due to a completely identical response to the weather , in the plant and the animal .
Although Andrena is gregarious , so that we may find hundreds and hundreds of burrows together , we must still call it a solitary bee .
I must plead guilty to a special sympathy for nomias .
Only the amethystine python and the anaconda must be excluded for lack or paucity of data .
William Beebe reports 26 inches and 2.4 ounces ( this snake must have been emaciated ) for the length and the weight of a young anaconda from British Guiana .
However , as so many of the records are not certainly based on newborn snakes , these data must be taken tentatively ; ;
The mono- and di-iodotyrosine must be coupled to form tri-iodothyronine and thyroxine .
Since the circulating thyroid hormones are the amino acids thyroxine and tri-iodothyronine ( cf. Section C ) , it is clear that some mechanism must exist in the thyroid gland for their release from proteins before secretion .
In evaluating data on the concentration of TSH in blood , one must examine critically the bio-assay methods used to obtain them .
( Actually , a nilpotent operator on an n-dimensional space must have its T power 0 ; ;
To describe the space of solutions to Af , one must know something about differential equations ; ;
that is , one must know something about D other than the fact that it is a linear operator .
A function G such that Af , i.e. , Af , must be a polynomial function of degree Af or less : Af .
For an experiment to qualify as a binomial experiment , it must have four properties : ( 1 ) there must be a fixed number of trials , ( 2 ) each trial must result in a `` success '' or a `` failure '' ( a binomial trial ) , ( 3 ) all trials must have identical probabilities of success , ( 4 ) the trials must be independent of each other .
There must be a fixed number n of repeated trials .
As S approaches T the square will be outside C and therefore both Af and Af must cross C an odd number of times as S varies from zero to T .
This set must consist of isolated points and closed intervals .
The fact that there can not be any limit points of the set except in closed intervals follows from the argument used in Lemma 1 , namely , that near any tangent point in the C-plane the curves C and Af are analytic , and therefore the difference between them must be a monotone function in some neighborhood on either side of the tangent point .
First , for any value of T for which all values of f{t} are ordinary points the number of values of f{t} must be odd .
For it is clear that the total number of ordinary intersections of C and Af must be even ( otherwise , starting in the interior of C , Af could not finally return to the interior ) , and the center of rotation at T is the argument of the function , not a value .
Then every component of the graph of F must be defined over a bounded sub-interval .
Now Af and Af must both be tangent points on the T component in the f-plane ; ;
Thus the multiplicity of Af for a given T must be an even number .
There must be an odd number of such components , which will be called complete components .
We must now show that on some component of the graph there exist two points for which the corresponding diagonal points in the C-plane are on opposite sides of C .
Moreover , if Af and Af are two planes intersecting in a line l , tangent to Q at a point P , the two free intersections of the image curves Af and Af must coincide at P' , the image of P , and at this point Af and Af must have a common tangent l' .
To do this we must first show that every line which meets **zg in a point P meets its image at P .
Hence it follows that the involution within the bundle must be a perspective De Jonquieres involution of order Af and the invariant locus must have a multiple line of multiplicity either Af or Af .
Hence **zg must have either a regulus of Af-fold secants or a regulus of Af-fold secants .
But if no two lines of the regulus of multiple secants of **zg can intersect , then the regulus must be quadratic , or in other words , **zg must be either a Af or a Af curve on a nonsingular quadric surface .
This contradicts the preceding observations , and so , under the assumption of this paper , we must reject the possibility that **zg is a Af curve on a quadric surface .
Feelings of a community of interest will have to be recreated -- in some of the new nations , indeed , they must be built for the first time -- on a new basis which looks toward the future and does not rely only on shared memories of the past .
To achieve this goal of balanced development , communications between the central government and the local communities must be such that the needs and aspirations of the people themselves are effectively taken into account .
They must continue to satisfy basic capital needs ; ;
Several related tasks must be carried out if self-sustaining growth is to be achieved .
These countries must formulate a comprehensive , long-term program covering the objectives of both the private and the public sectors of the economy .
They must in their planning be able to count on at least tentative commitments of foreign capital assistance over periods of several years .
Capital imports drawn from a number of sources must be employed and combined skillfully enough to permit domestic investment programming to go forward .
Capital flows must be coordinated with national needs and planning .
Finally , a balance must be effected among project finance , utilization of agricultural surpluses , and general balance of payments support .
This is the stage at which democratic developments must take place if the society is to become an open community of creative people .
Foreign policy now takes on a different perspective and must become skilled not merely at response but also at projection .
but basically that pace depends on changes in the supply of resources and in the human attitudes , political institutions , and social structure which each society must generate .
It follows that any effective policy toward the underdeveloped countries must have a realistically long working horizon .
It must be marked by a patience and persistence which have not always been its trademark .
As seen in the B. family , there must be an attempt to help the client develop conscious awareness of the problem , especially in the absence of a formal request for assistance .
The unhealthy use of denial in the initial reaction to a stress must be handled through the medium of a positive controlled transference .
To establish an emotionally meaningful relationship the worker must demonstrate actual or potential helpfulness immediately , preferably within the first interview , by meeting the client's specific needs .
The initial interview must be therapeutic rather than purely exploratory in an information-seeking sense .
In this relationship-building stage the worker must communicate confidence in the client's ability to deal with the problem .
While some suppression and some denial are not only necessary but healthy , the worker's clinical knowledge must determine how these defenses are being used , what healthy shifts in defensive adaptation are indicated , and when efforts at bringing about change can be most effectively timed .
Over a relatively short period of time , usually about four to twelve weeks , the worker must be able to shift the focus , back and forth , between immediate external stressful exigencies ( `` precipitating stress '' ) and the key , emotionally relevant issues ( `` underlying problem '' ) which are , often in a dramatic preconscious breakthrough , reactivated by the crisis situation , and hence once again amenable to resolution .
In addition , in many cases , a variety of concrete social resources -- homemaker , day care , medical and financial aid -- must be reasonably available for the reality support needed to bolster the family in its individual and collective coping and integrative efforts .
A more realistic analysis must take into account the fact that Brandywine people in the urban-fringe area are , in general , less segregated locally than group members in rural areas .
Additional entries must be made from time to time .
Each adult is held personally responsible for assuring his inscription and obtaining an identification card which must be shown on demand .
In addition , two other differences in the two types of sections must be noted .
Since the writer had not noticed this characteristic in married students scattered throughout the various sections previous to this experiment , nor , as a matter of fact , in those who were continuing in `` single sections '' , he can only conclude that there must have been something `` contagious '' within the specific group which caused this to occur .
This information was accepted with the frequent interpretation that those persons who did not show arm-levitation must be preventing it .
They felt that they were relaxing as much as they could and that any control factors which might be present to prevent response must be on an unconscious level .
I thought she must be seeing me as some one who had just come from seeing her grandmother , in their distant home-city .
But first , we must define two terms so that their meaning will be clearly understood : form -- any unique sequence of alphabetic characters that can appear in a language preceded and followed by a space ; ;
Thus , when more than one distinct form leads to a particular cell in the X-region , a chain of information cells must be created to accommodate the forms , one cell in the chain for each form .
Hence , when the address Af is computed from Af , the cell Af and all Y-cells in its chain must be inspected to determine whether Af is already in the form list or whether it should be added to the form list and the chain .
The grammatical description of each occurrence in the text must be retrieved from the dictionary to permit such an analysis .
As these maladies overlap , so must the cure .
One issue that must be faced is the relative difficulty of analysis of different phonologic subsystems .
The phonemic systems which must support these morphophonemic systems , however , are very different .
My comments must be briefer than the papers deserve .
This must be considered primarily an amendment and supplement to his early A Short Description Of Item-Categories In Iraqw .
The registration figures given in Table 2 must be interpreted with caution since the estimate for eligible electors were made without the benefit of a reliable census .
Federal assistance is limited to half of the total expenditure , and the state or local districts must pay at least half .
A few key skilled workers experienced in the company's type of work usually must be brought in with the plant manager , or hired away from a similar plant elsewhere .
State and local agencies in the vocational education field must be encouraged to adopt a wider outlook on future job opportunities .
There is little evidence that existing public or private training programs have any great difficulty getting students to enroll in their programs , even though they must pay tuition , receive no subsistence payments , and are not guaranteed a job .
But briefly , the topping configuration must be examined for its inferences .
Diametric opposition must persist as to the future course of prices , if there is to persist a market at all .
And the few must win what the many lose , for the opposite arrangement would not support markets as we know them at all , and is , in fact , unimaginable .
From this presumption it is an easy step to the conclusion that any observed increases in the basic wage rate must be due to union behavior different and more aggressive than assumed in our model .
Hall , for example , was quite explicit on this point when he said states outside European civilization must formally enter into the circle of law-governed countries .
They must do something with the acquiescence of the latter , or some of them , which amounts to an acceptance of the law in its entirety beyond all possibility of misconstruction '' .
To appreciate this development , we must relate it to other aspects of nineteenth-century philosophy .
To the extent that the jurisdictional principle of 1875 stands unmodified by subsequent legislation , federal equitable relief against state action must be available -- or so it seems to Mr. Justice Frankfurter .
If a litigant chooses to enforce a Federal right in a State court , he cannot be heard to object if he is treated exactly as are plaintiffs who press like claims arising under State law with regard to the form in which the claim must be stated -- the particularity , for instance , with which a cause of action must be described .
But the form in which the claim must be stated need not be different from what the State exacts in the enforcement of like obligations created by it , so long as a requirement does not add to , or diminish , the right as defined by Federal law , nor burden the realization of this right in the actualities of litigation '' .
Proper evidence of the liquidation and succession must also be filed .
Furthermore , in a C reorganization the continuing interest of stockholders of the corporation which paid the tax must be greater than is necessary in a statutory merger , to which the statute is clearly inapplicable .
What they should recognize is that children who have been placed in one of these groups on a narrow academic basis still differ widely in attributes that influence success , and that they still must be treated as individuals .
Although the teacher must be concerned with maintaining standards , he must also be concerned about understanding differences in ability , background , and experience .
All of this must be taken into account before the image of an `` all-Negro '' D.C. public school system is conjured up .
Or should we argue that if we want adjustment of children to children of different races and that that is impossible in an all-something-or-the-other school , we must at least provide him some opportunity to adjust to people of another race within the school -- namely , to a teacher of another race .
Should the requirement , which must therefore be Federal in nature , be legislated by the United States Congress ? ?
Or must it become law by amendment of the United States Constitution ? ?
Must or should the Federal government help ? ?
In a society dominated by middle-class values and working in an institution which transmits and strengthens these social values , it is clear that the educational profession must work for the values which are characteristic of the society .
Unfortunately , however , and for reasons to be discussed in the following chapter , no rate relationships can be made completely nondiscriminatory as long as all or some of the rates must be set above marginal costs in order to yield adequate revenues .
One such disagreement , which will receive attention in this next chapter , concerns the question whether rates for different kinds of service , in order to avoid the attribute of discrimination , must be made directly proportional to marginal costs , or whether they should be based instead on differences in marginal costs .
For more explicit expositions , one must distinguish different types of analyses .
and these costs must somehow be apportioned among the various classes and then must somehow be reapportioned among the units of service in order to report unit costs that can serve as tentative measures of reasonable rates .
But before turning to this example , we must distinguish two subtypes of analysis , both of which belong to the single-step type rather than to the double-step type .
Included as a minimum are the costs of metering and billing along with whatever other expenses the company must incur in taking on another consumer .
I think it must be said that , contrary to metaphysical insistence , these are questions so framed as to defy either empirical exploration or rational solutions .
As we think of the long and excruciating pain it must have suffered , we are very likely to say : `` It was a bad thing that the little animal should suffer so '' .
But before we can do this , we must first find answers to our original questions 1 and 2 ; ;
Those modern scholars who urge that we must keep in mind the fundamental continuity of Aegean development from earliest times -- granted occasional irruptions of peoples and ideas from outside -- are correct ; ;
The historian can only point out those lines which were major enough to find reflection in our limited evidence , and must hope that future excavations will enrich our understanding .
On this principle of division I must postpone the evolution of sculpture , architecture , society , and politics ; ;
Beyond the aesthetic and technical aspects of this expansion we must consider the change in pottery style on broader lines .
These must have been for local calls strictly , as in May 1900 the `` only long distance telephone '' in town was transferred from C. B. Carleton's to Young's shoe store .
The Providence Daily Journal stated that although the guilt of Brown was evident , the South must guarantee him a fair trial to preserve domestic peace .
J. Wheaton Smith , editor of the Warren Telegraph stated that `` the ends of justice must be satisfied , a solitary example must be set , in order that all those misnamed philantropists , who , actuated by a blind zeal , dare to instigate riot , treason , and murder , may heed it and shape their future course accordingly '' .
On November 22 , 1859 , the Providence Daily Journal stated that although Brown's `` pluck '' and honest fanaticism must be admired , any honor paid to Brown would only induce other fanatics to imitate his actions .
The appeal of the suburb is particularly strong for heavy industry , which must move bulky objects along a lengthy assembly line and wants enough land area to do the entire job on one floor .
Only a radical change in the nature of the population in the central city would be likely to destroy this preference -- and we must now turn our attention to the question of whether such a change , gloomily foreseen by so many urban diagnosticians , is actually upon us .
Moreover , all three representations must be squeezed comfortably into little more than the length Brumidi allowed for each one of his .
It was obvious that to match Brumidi , white must be mixed with all but the darkest tones .
A work so broad , even when it is directed by a leading idea and informed by a moral vision , must necessarily `` fail '' .
It would come down to saying that Fromm paints with a broad brush , and that , after all , is not a conclusion one must work toward but an impression he has from the outset .
I mention these features of the book because they are inherent in the book's character and therefore must be mentioned .
Until such work is done , there must remain the nagging suspicion that alienation may be little more than an expression of the malaise of the intellectual , who , rejected by and in turn rejecting the larger society , projects his own fear and despair onto the broader social screen .
I am saying only that until a fuller and different kind of evidence comes in , any discussion of alienation must be understood to have certain important limitations .
Until such evidence appears , we must make do with the evidence we have .
Mussorgsky paints a telling picture of the common people , those who must suffer the effects of their rulers' struggle for power without understanding the causes .
From the dated poems we can venture certain conclusions about Hardy's career in poetry , always remembering that conclusions based on a fraction of the whole must remain tentative .
he must improvise continuously with no apparent effort .
But we can say that since a writing poet , with leisure before him , would seem unlikely to invent a technique based upon frequent and substantial circumlocution , the kennings like the epithets must reasonably be ascribed to an oral tradition .
To the extent that a tale is twice told , its final author must be suspect , although plagiarism in an oral tradition is less a misdemeanor than the standard modus dicendi .
Words or phrases that connoisseurs have admired as handsome or ironic or humorous must therefore lose merit and become regarded as mere inevitable time-servers , sometimes accurate and sometimes not .
To the extent that a language is formulaic , its individual components must be regarded as no more distinguished than other cliches .
Since a gentleman must , if possible , avoid sullying them by work , his hands , as importantly as his accent , become the index of social status .
The respectability which money confers implies a different etiquette , and , upon taking up the life of a London gentleman , Pip must learn from Herbert Pocket that `` the spoon is not generally used over-hand , but under '' .
The label and operation columns must be blank and the continuation of the operand must begin in column 21 ; ;
i.e. , it must be left-justified in the operand column of the coding sheet .
Otherwise , special care must be taken to branch around them so that the program will not attempt to execute something in a data area as an instruction .
Each tape file must be described by Tape File Specifications , produced by Aj .
A DUF entry must be supplied for every unit record file describing the type of file and the unit record equipment to be used .
When the Input/Output Control System is to be used in a program , a DIOCS statement must be used to select the major methods of processing to be used .
The entry DIOCS must be written exactly as shown .
Logically , then , the first principle of the plan must be that it is not rigidly oriented toward any geographical area .
Therefore the second principle of the plan must be that , while providing for all-out hostilities , its effectiveness is not dependent on general war .
This exchange must result in our ending up with some effective units .
Therefore , the third principle of the plan must be that it does not depend for effectiveness on engagement by the same types , unless at an assured favorable exchange rate .
Therefore , the fourth principle of the plan must be that it provide for continuously increasing capabilities in the opponent .
Therefore , the plan's fifth principle must be that it capitalize on the capabilities of all elements in combination .
Therefore , the sixth principle of the plan must be that it concentrate on current measures which will reduce future force requirements .
it must be flexible enough to allow for technological breakthroughs , scientific progress , and changes in world conditions .
But it must be remembered that the plan should not be oriented geographically .
Consequently , the system giving area coverage ( if such coverage is less than world wide ) must be flexible and hence at least partially mobile .
In submarine defense these must have maximum stress .
Therefore , the on-the-scene commander must have detailed operating instructions based on measurement of conditions , in the area , at the time of encounter .
All capabilities must be used to maximum advantage then .
These variations must eventually be measured horizontally as well as vertically .
They are still considered to be for use in restricted waters , however , and targets must come within a few yards of them .
For punched-card or tape storage of information all literature values must be conformed to a common language .
The presence of parasitic organisms such as Trichinella spiralis in pork introduces another factor which must be dealt with in food processing .
To permit the storage of food for long periods of time , a method of preservation must accomplish the destruction of microorganisms and inhibition of enzymatic action .
However , in the actual assessment of the cutting force by instrumental methods for any thickness of coating a number of spurious effects occur which must be taken into account and which make the measured value larger than the true cutting force indicated by eqn. ( 1 ) .
These tests are not accelerated and must be repeated to evaluate dimensional changes after repeated launderings .
The person using these tests must determine which combination of procedures is practical for any specific item in order to evaluate the dimensional changes of textile fabrics or garments after laundering procedures commonly used in the home or commercial laundry .
It must be remembered that the fiber plates replace a glass window and a ( mica ) membrane , in addition to an optical output lens system .
He recognized that whatever transformation may be effected in the first stage of an R-stage process , the remaining stages must use an optimal Af-stage policy with respect to the state resulting from the first stage , if there is to be any chance of optimizing the complete process .
To proceed from one stage to the next a sufficient number of feed states must be investigated to allow for interpolation ; ;
`` An optimal policy has the property that whatever the initial state and initial decision are , the remaining decisions must constitute an optimal policy with respect to the state resulting from the first decision '' .
This is the feed state of the subsequent Af stages which , according to the principle of optimality , must use an optimal Af-stage policy with respect to this state .
The third column gives the optimal policy , but we must wait to see the outcome of stage R and enter the preceding section of the table at this state .
It must be noticed in Fig. 7-1 that the accelerometer responds to any input acceleration .
Since a lower loop gain and low-pass filtering increases the response time , a practical compromise must be reached .
Manual leveling is inconvenient if the platform must be maintained accurately level for any prolonged period of time .
The operator must continually supply the correct amount of turning current to the gyro torquers so that the effect of gyro drift is canceled .
The platform accelerometers must be slightly modified for this procedure .
Before the accelerometers are mounted on the platform , the direction of their sensitive axis must be accurately determined .
Although this technique is simple and satisfactory , one practical difficulty does exist : the direction of true north must be known for each launch point .
Somehow he had forgotten what he must have been told , that combat was an intermittent activity .
No , they must look the other way and climb one more painful step up the ladder .
At any cost , he must leave the dreary Pennsylvania mining town where his father was a pharmacist .
He must mentally pull the blinds and close the window , so that all that existed was in the books before him .
Wilson made up his mind that he must receive at least $2,500 , but when he mentioned this to the Deacons they said nothing .
The church itself must be repaired .
But there was one thing that he had to stress , and that was that the contribution to the general church expenses , the dollar money , had been seriously falling behind in this church , and that must be looked after immediately .
Wilson stressed the fact that clear as this was , they must have a better church , a more business-like conduct of the church organization , and an effort to get this religious center out of its rut of wild worship into a modern church organization .
`` My dear , you must be mistaken '' .
And yet Wilson knew that this place must go or he must go .
On a stage he always knew what to do , and tonight , to judge by the applause , he must be doing it better than usual .
Somewhere , beyond , where shadows lurked , must be the yawning pit of which Papa preached and the dreadful Lake of Fire .
To know God he must follow in Papa's footsteps .
he must pray to be spared .
He must not fail to hear it .
`` You must be a very learned man '' , says Voltaire to one of the bandits .
`` To have become so corrupt '' , he says , `` surely you must have studied many arts and sciences '' .
`` You must make an opera out of this material '' .
But then , after the little operetta had been given its feeble amateur rendering , everyone insisted that it was too good to be lost forever , and that the Royal Academy of Music must now have the manuscript in order to give it the really first-rate performance it merited .
Rousseau was aware that he must seem like a hypocrite , standing there and arguing that he could not possibly permit a public performance .
Now times have changed , and I must pretend that hair doesn't grow on my face .
I must state that the faster things happened , the slower they happened ; ;
It was the opinion of some of us that these must be part of the Committeemen who had been in the Battle of the North Bridge , which entitled them to a sort of veteran status , and we felt that if they employed this tactic , it was likely enough the best one .
Monsieur Favre's threat would become a reality , for he continued to proclaim loudly that the city must rid itself of `` that Frenchman '' .
Furthermore , Bern decrees that we must do as we are ordered by the Council , preach only the word of God and stop meddling in politics '' ! !
Geneva must remain a sovereign state .
He was seeing , somehow , the face of a young boy , the boy Simms Purdew must once have been , a boy with sorrel hair , and blue eyes dancing with gaiety , and the boy mouth grinning trustfully among the freckles .
In that moment of vision Adam heard the voice within himself saying : I must not hate him , I must not hate him or I shall die .
Then came their bathroom , and then a bedroom that , judging by the photographs on the walls , must belong to Mme Cestre .
Matching photographs in oval frames of Mme Bonenfant and an elderly man who must be Alix's grandfather .
`` I know , but there must be some other explanation .
His Mary would be slender of limb and delicate of proportion , yet she must hold this full-grown man as securely and convincingly as she would a child .
Though this sculpture must take place thirty-three years after her moment of decision , he could not conceive of her as a woman in her mid-fifties , old , wrinkled , broken in body and face by labor or worry .
She disciplined herself daily to do what must be done .
They all prayed now that the North would realize that peace must come , for Virginia had defended her land victoriously .
`` It was a terrible loss to me '' , said Kate quietly , feeling the pain twist again at the mention , knowing now that Juanita must have written to him at Grafton .
I am getting deaf , I must admit it '' .
`` Captain Jan must you go inside Majdanek ? ?
I must know that that was my greatest weakness underlined three times .
Eileen must have wheedled a little out of Precious .
Kayabashi must feel fairly certain of his victory in order to make a visit like this , a trip which could be so easily misinterpreted by the people in the village .
No , she would not pretend modesty , but neither must she be crudely bold .
`` I mustn't tell , I mustn't tell '' , she repeated to herself .
The officer had told him that both lists must be checked .
Show her the new swimming pool and she would say , slapping her ankle , `` I suppose this must be where you breed your gigantic mosquitoes '' .
Her hair was dyed , and her bloom was fading , and she must have been crowding forty , but she seemed to be one of those women who cling to the manners and graces of a pretty child of eight .
You may stay as long as you wish , of course , but if arranging for the care of the girls must take time into account , I think a day or two should be enough to finish our business in '' .
Mark's thoughts must have been keeping silent pace beside his own , climbing the same crags in dirty white sneakers , clambering out on top of the headland and coming upon the sudden glinting water at the same instant .
She had surprised Hans like she had surprised me when she said she'd go , and then she surprised him again when she came back so quick like she must have , because when I came in with the snow she was there with a bottle with three white feathers on its label and Hans was holding it angrily by the throat .
He would wear this same costume in Florida , despite his wife Cleota's reminders over the past five days that he must take some cool clothes with him .
`` We were on our vacation in Canada '' , Howard explained , in a muffled voice that must have been used to booming , `` and the news didn't catch up with us till we were nearly home .
One part of her audience was totally engaged , the connoisseur witnessing a peculiarly fine performance of some ancient classic , the other part , the guest of the connoisseur , attentive as one who must take an intelligent interest in that which he does not fully understand .
After a minute he went on , `` People must think the curse is on me , seeing you fresh as an apple and me old and gray '' .
The night after reading her letter about her surgeon uncle -- it must have been late in September -- I had a vision of myself returned in ragged uniform from The Front , nearly dying , my head bandaged and blooded , and Jessica bending over me , the power of her love bringing me back to life .
`` You must have loved that girl very much , but you couldn't have meant it when you said that you wanted to kill her '' .
Something in my voice must have touched her deeply because her anger passed quickly , and she turned away to keep me from seeing her face .
She musta been walking in her sleep -- you seen her yourself in here '' .
Marty knew how the Union soldiers must have felt at Chancellorsville and Antietam and Gettysburg when the ragged gray ranks charged at them , screaming the wild banshee howl they called the Rebel yell .
The cars must have had their gas pedals pushed down to the floor boards .
You must've known I'd gone to get the sheriff .
The maid answered and he decided Nancy must be at work .
He was a salesman for something or other and must have been transferred .
When they had gone , he stood for a minute breathing in the mustiness of old paper and leather which the busily thrumming air conditioner couldn't quite dispel .
He turned around , saw nothing , and decided it must be a mouse .
He thought it must be some damn janitor or cleaning woman puttering around , figuring that Hirey had gone off and forgotten to turn off everything and lock up .
It must be coming from an upright heater against the far wall in the supervisors' office .
The expedient thing -- yes , very true , one must make do as one could , in some situations .
if she told anyone of the opium it must be Lucien , her husband .
it must be Lucien .
In Blanche's defense , it must be said she was unaware of the newborn hope .
Blanche knew something must be causing Stanley's new , strange behavior but she never once connected it with Kitti Walker .
He , of course , must have been equally unprepared for what confronted him , but , nonetheless , I did find his reaction startling .
They've found some sort of new evidence , a bundle of clothes or something , and it must link the kid even stronger to the crime .
There had also been a man who must have had St. Vitus or something , because he kept jerking his head .
Must have cost plenty .
`` Well , with a house as big as that there must be at least one cellar window that wouldn't be noticed right away unless there was a police investigation '' .
He disliked Garth on sight , conservative clothes and haircut , smile a shade too earnestly boyish for a man who must be well into his thirties , handclasp too consciously quick and firm .
He must have '' --
`` Let's just remember , Sergeant , that we must all carry our own umbrella .
Alfredo certainly must have enjoyed being alone .
But you realize , I am sure , how much old deeds incite to new ones , and you must forgive me if I tell you first of the old ones .
You must know what gets into people , even such as Red and Handley , before you can tell what comes out of them .
The quarrel ended in a ridiculous draw , but I must tell you about it .
One other cause of jealousy between them I must tell you .
It must have been the sort of look that can call a bluff without saying a word .
`` All right '' , he conceded finally , `` if you must know , I don't get along with the landlord .
He made the mistake of answering in an offhand way , and instantly realized that his skepticism must have showed in his face or voice .
You must understand , I haven't been in this state too long .
In his great and glorious wisdom , he knew that our enemies the Israelites must not be able to read therein what we planned '' .
If Hal Yarrow had been killed in a crash , he must have wanted it that way .
Sigmen himself must have foreseen it .
`` All the more reason , then '' , Jack said , `` why we must have a treaty .
But we must know if this is in accordance with your customs , and must have your agreement they will not misuse the power we put in their hands , to our hurt '' .
However , no diagram of her brain patterns , no early I.Q. tests recorded certain essential facts about Helva that Central must eventually learn .
`` Vocal peculiarities often become excessively irritating during prolonged intra-stellar distances and must be eliminated .
It must have hurt her even to walk , for the sole was completely off her left foot and Morgan saw that it was bruised and bleeding .
It must have got there when you fell against me '' .
Begging my pardon , he must express his astonishment over seeing a person of my background applying at the hall .
indeed , my scholastic qualifications were such that he , a college graduate himself , must envy me them .
She must be cautious so as not to alert the scheming forest .
If she , Pamela , were being held responsible for his crimes , then hers must be the final act of expiation .
she must be poised and proud and unafraid in order to prove to the mountain that she was in earnest .
She must not think about time .
Finally Luis Hernandez said , `` What must be , must be .
That long ride the four of you took must've given him a good appetite .
Somebody in this town must still have some backbone '' .
`` We know Penny spent some -- and Carmer must have dropped a few dollars getting that load on '' .
Yet he must chance it .
Over the rapidly-diminishing outline of a jump seat piled high with luggage Herry's black brushcut was just discernible , near , or enviably near that spot where -- hidden -- more delicately-textured , most beautifully tinted hair must still be streaming back in cool , oh cool wind sweetly perfumed with sagebrush and yucca flowers and engine fumes .
Maybe Lou was only unconscious , but right then I thought he must be dead .
You must forgive me if I seem to dwell too much on her physical aspects but I am an artist , accustomed to studying the physical body .
I must say the figure was well made up .
`` There must be some water under there '' .
The man must have leaped to his death from the topmost rung of the tultul .
I must have a powerful representative here , a firm with a national distribution and ten , twenty thousand dollars to advertise my products .
`` At 200 , 300 , 400 feet under the water , when he must be paying very much attention , he will be thinking about what you are telling him .
He decided that the marines must be deploying around the meadow , with the one left to distract him .
Drunk on sake , he must have wandered off from his bivouac .
He must have saturated himself in the drink , for the bullet not to shock him out of his drunken haze .
he was very thirsty , but he must observe water discipline .
He must have fallen in with evil companions , for he was a simple youth and quite trusting and inexperienced .
Ruffians must have robbed and beaten him before bringing him back to our house to die .
Now she must be thinking of a boy-name , something special .
He didn't tell Miss Jen , but she must have got word from the cook or nurse , who of course knew those Quinzaine nigs , and she really took a fit .
`` He must have forgiven me '' , Henrietta murmured to the room .
Everything must wait upon this mission , this sentimental duty of a pilgrim whose nature avoided graveyards .
She did suddenly , through the link of memory with his father , old Titus , who must have been in his nineties when Henrietta ran away .
It must be that son who sat before her now , shriveled to half his size and half his senses .
The woman ( she must have been a tiny baby when Hetty and Delia had stood arm in arm , watching great age grow small ) answered the nod with her own .
They must be freezing up there now .
`` And also , sir , two articles which were considered souvenirs now must be regarded in another light entirely .
`` We ourselves must stand sentinel '' .
And when he was alone again in the cabin , Alexander lowered his head into his arms and wept , for he knew full well what must be done , what in the end would be done .
With all his heart he had loved the Navy and now he must act in accordance with the Navy's implacable laws .
`` When your mother was here he must have been a young boy .
They said that we must not fight but wait for the Messiah '' .
He complained to me once that I must talk to her .
Or you could hope the parachute wouldn't open just so you could say you saw it not open , not because you meant any harm to Starkey Poe in his suit of red underwear , but mainly because you were tired of being an old maid -- a thing which cannot admit when it thinks it might be pregnant , but must stand the dizzy feeling all alone and go on like everything is all right instead of being able to say to somebody in a normal voice : `` I think I'm pregnant '' .
that he must have since he was there like the radio for you to turn on or snap off when you got tired of him , that other guy .
She glanced at the man nodding beside her , a man with weather cracks furrowed into his lean cheeks , with powdery pale eyes reflecting all the droughts he had seen , reflecting the sky and the drought which must follow now in August -- yes , with eyes predicting the drought and here it was only June , only festival time again and thoughts of Gratt Shafer would not leave her .
He must be a million years old .
`` Via must have it '' , I answered readily enough , recalling her last visit .
`` She must have taken the registration when she went to Walter's .
I tried to believe that what must have happened was that , restless , disturbed by this telephone call or whatever , she walked out in the night , as she had a habit of doing .
In my person they would always remember that last long time of me alone with her , so if they told themselves that I could have prevented it , I can understand that by now and love them still , because everyone must justify , have a scapegoat for what is not to be borne .
If she chose , and in that final decision discarded , what , above all , all of us value , life itself , must she not have risen to her fullest height , and transcending her murky self , felt at last the passion of a great moral decision ? ?
`` You must have been good at history at school .
`` If you must flog someone , let it be her , your daughter .
Keep him back , if you must tell me what to do .
he must have slept again .
She must have put his clothes in the closet .
Every doll in the house must be going with her '' .
On the defensive , he added , `` I wish you'd think what it must be like for her to be without Greg , to be a new widow , a young widow '' .
its mate must be at home , silently guarding their nest .
for Mother to be able to call , Susan must be napping now , surrounded by her multitude of dolls .
Being an intelligent man , John must have guessed what everyone thought about Edythe , but he never let on by so much as a brave smile .
He was an attentive and generous husband , overgenerous , a lot of people felt , because they knew that money must be a problem to him .
`` You must have done something , something wrong .
He was a director of S. & M. and must have been in on the decision .
I must have dozed off , because I came to with a start at the sound of voices .
But I mustn't start on Alice .
She must have seen the ring on my left hand .
No child , this tart , she must have been thirty-five or even forty .
He must have thought I was a tourist .
I had also thought a lot about how God must look on true love , and so in a way I was keeping my promise to God , my promise to remain pure until I was married .
Must have really smelled up her sweater , he thought , and wondered idly just why she kept the sweater fast-frozen .
I must remember to warn the girl next to you in Larkspur .
Another factor must have been the eventual disposal of Willis' fortune ; ;
You mustn't take a fall , or publicly back away .
`` I feel I must answer the question '' , he said , `` since the onus later , if any , should fall on me -- I don't relish recriminations spread broadcast outside my family .
( An actor must have discipline .
The difficulty was that each day seemed to produce its quota of details which must be cleaned up immediately .
Not long ago a newspaper advised those taking part in a contest that `` snapshots must be of a person not larger than Af inches '' .
An old-fashioned mother said to her modern daughter , `` You must have gotten in quite late last night , dear .
The bodies must be cleaned and seats wiped off '' .
`` But you must have heard it said that the drawing-room disappeared forever with the somnolent years of James and the antic heyday of Coward .
`` The human ego being what it is '' , I put in , `` science fiction has always assumed that the creatures on the planets of a thousand larger solar systems than ours must look like gigantic tube-nosed fruit bats .
`` It must be awfully good for them .
You danced two tangos and a paso doble , which must have been fairly enervating in that milieu .
Additionally , since you're going to be hors de combat pretty soon with sprue , yaws , Delhi boil , the Granville wilt , liver fluke , bilharziasis , and a host of other complications of the hex you've aroused , you mustn't expect to be lionized socially .
What must your management team do to establish corporate due process ?
It must be able to handle most of the complaints that can not be solved in the trenches by managers and their subordinates , else the company court or adjudicators will be inundated with cases .
But Trelleborg still must clear some tough hurdles .
Guillermo Ortiz 's Sept. 15 Americas column , `` Mexico 's Been Bitten by the Privatization Bug , '' is a refreshingly clear statement of his government 's commitment to privatization , and must be welcomed as such by all Americans who wish his country well .
Having said that , we must caution against an apparent tendency to overstate the case .
Yet clearly , modernization must embrace its key industries before it can be said to have caught the `` privatization bug . ''
Under guidelines included in an exchange of letters between the Reagan administration and the Senate Intelligence panel last year , the U.S. must inform foreign dictators of plans likely to endanger their lives .
Against this background , the new East German leader must move quickly to shore up his government 's standing .
Because they also detected tritium and indications of nuclear radiation , they asserted that the `` excess '' heat energy must be coming from energy released by the nuclear fusion of deuterium atoms inside the palladium rod .
But programs in individual computers must be revised in order to work with that system .
Mr. Morrissey , the Kentucky Fried Chicken franchisee , notes that most franchise owners must absorb increases in expenses without any cut in the royalties , or portion of sales , that they must pay franchisers .
While stop orders sound similar to limit orders , there is a difference : Sell stops must be entered at a price below the current market price and buy stops above .
In contrast , sell limit orders must be placed above the market price and buy limit orders are placed below .
Investors who wish to be out of a position , without the risk of receiving a worse-than-expected price from a market order , may use this type of order to specify the price at which the order must be filled .
Specific-Time Order : This type of order couples many of the orders described above with instructions that the order must be carried out at or by a certain time .
For example , `` market-on-close orders '' must be filled during the last few minutes of trading for the day at a price that is within the official closing range of prices as determined by the exchange .
Even the minority of them who must register with the Securities and Exchange Commission as `` investment advisers '' -- people who are in the business of counseling others on the buying and selling of securities specifically -- have been enough to swamp the agency 's capacity .
Deductions of charitable gifts of highly valued art now must be accompanied by appraisals .
Unreported alimony income can be spotted by computer because a payer of alimony -LRB- who gets a deduction -RRB- must report the former spouse 's Social Security number .
Passport applicants now must give Social Security numbers , enabling the IRS to see whether Americans living abroad are filing required U.S. returns .
Other projects look for offenders among waiters who get cash tips , people who engage in large cash transactions , and people whose returns show they sold a home for a profit without reinvesting the capital gain in another home by the end of the same year ; the gain must be rolled over within two years to defer tax .
And now that returns must show dependents ' Social Security numbers , the IRS wants to see which dependents show up on more than one return -- and which dependents turn out to be deceased .
But `` term '' means just that ; the policy is written for a specific time period only and must be renewed when it expires .
It may also stipulate that the insured must pass another medical exam before renewal ; if you flunk -- which means you need insurance more than ever -- you may not be able to buy it .
The Continental catch : Only immediate family members are allowed , and they must have the same last name as the buyer of the ticket or legal proof they 're related .
Although a substantial short position reflects heavy speculation that a stock 's price will decline , some investors consider an increase in short interest bullish because the borrowed shares eventually must be bought back .
But under the bank 's proposed statutes , an assembly of shareholders must approve board members .
Although the proposal must be approved by federal Judge Harold C. Abramson , W. Herbert Hunt has agreed to the Peruvian mineral concern 's proposal .
It must be a local custom , I thought , stamping feet to welcome the team .
When the swaying of the building woke me up , I reasoned that a -RRB- I was in Southern California ; b -RRB- the bed was moving ; c -RRB- it must be a Magic Fingers bed that had short-circuited .
The first thought some investors had was that a red-faced Shearson must have been wildly bullish on stocks in its original commentary , and that 's why it purged its pages .
Defense lawyers , perhaps understandably , say that plaintiffs ' lawyers taking such an approach will have little success in pursuing their claims , though they add that the facts of each case must be looked at individually .
Arkansas Democrat David Pryor spilled his guts on the Senate floor the other day after he 'd joined the Finance Committee 's early-morning pork-barrel revels : `` I must tell you ...
That includes dwellings in the ravaged Marina district that must be demolished , peeled business facades south of Market Street , and houses in the city 's outer Richmond district that were heaved off their foundations .
Fireman 's is part of a $ 38 million syndicate that supplies business interruption insurance to the city on the Bay Bridge , which must pay employees during the three weeks or more it is expected to be out of service and deprived of toll income .
`` If we want to have our own nation , then we must be willing to do all the work ourselves , '' says Hendrik Verwoerd Jr. , son of the former prime minister and the leader of the Orange Workers , founded in 1980 .
The Afrikaner must end his reliance on others . ''
`` We must either integrate honestly or segregate honestly . ''
Under this legislation , a woman must be informed 24 hours before the operation of the details of the procedure and its risks .
In Illinois , lawmakers will vote before next spring on legislation requiring physicians to perform tests on fetuses at 20 weeks to determine their gestational age , weight and lung maturity along with a provision requiring that , if fetuses survive an abortion , a second doctor must be on hand to help it survive .
Tenders for the notes , available in minimum $ 5,000 denominations , must be received by 1 p.m. EDT Tuesday at the Treasury or at Federal Reserve banks or branches .
The government moved aggressively to open the spigots of federal aid for victims of the California earthquake , but its reservoir of emergency funds must be replenished soon if the aid is to continue .
To get that money , states must go through an elaborate approval process , but officials expect red tape to be cut this time .
Like almost everything in this wonderfully romantic and edgy movie , Ms. Pfeiffer 's Susie seems like someone you 've seen before , in numerous show-biz stories -LRB- even her name , Susie Diamond , sounds like a character Marilyn Monroe must have played -RRB- .
And Dave Grusin 's witty score embraces the banal requirements of banquet-hall musicianship -LRB- `` Feelings '' is a must -RRB- without condescension .
Must it now accept that one of its strongest allies blames it for the genocide of another people ?
In addition to paying for earthquake and fire damage , the insurer must cover worker-compensation claims and also losses due to businesses being shut down by lack of power or phone service .
`` Now , we realize what our mothers must have gone through , '' she says .
Tenders for the bonds , available in minimum denominations of $ 1,000 , must be received by 1 p.m. EDT Wednesday at Federal Reserve banks .
As a result , Mr. Steinhardt must reconcile himself to selling USAir at a loss , or to holding the shares as an old-fashioned investment .
This global warming must have been entirely natural -- nobody would blame it on a few hundred thousand hunter-gatherers hunting mammoths and scratching around in caves .
I bow to no one in my regard for our terrestrial heritage , but if we are serious about global warming we must look at the big picture and not allow the Dominant Culture to lock us into the capitalist-exploiters-greedy-American-consumers-global - warming scenario as the sole model for discussion .
`` The market must have turned up and down 15 different times , '' commented Lance Zipper , head of OTC trading at Kidder Peabody .
It must be accepted by the court . ''
WHEN AN IRA OWNER dies , the trustee of the individual retirement account must file forms 5498 reporting market values relating to the decedent and each beneficiary , with copies to the executor and beneficiaries .
But judges usually find the real aim is to escape tax on hidden income ; and the IRS said Brown must have had such income -- although it uncovered no source -- because he deposited $ 124,732 in a bank account in 1982-84 while reporting income of only $ 52,012 .
Critics warned such cash contributions may only undercut the opposition party 's standing , and one irony is that under Nicaraguan law a major portion of the opposition party 's funds must be shared with the government 's Supreme Electoral Council .
And the group will urge that the federal government pre-empt state rules on what must be covered by employers ' health insurance .
Tenders for the bills , available in minimum $ 10,000 denominations , must be received by 1 p.m. EDT Monday at the Treasury or at Federal Reserve banks or branches .
Moscow and Kabul must have found that information useful .
Such a statute illustrates the fundamental problem : Congress finds it is easier to pass sweepingly moralistic prohibitions , which the courts must thereafter interpret , than to engage in the difficult line-drawing distinctions that are inherently its responsibility .
First , it argues that its capital base must be increased in order to maintain its size relative to world financial markets , for which it feels some responsibility .
Een computer is in de kleuterklas wel leuk , echt geen must .
Ook in de stad is dat een must .
Het prima acteerwerk van Angela Bassett en de prachtige shownummers verheffen de prent tot een must voor de fans .
Naambekendheid krijgen is dan ook een must voor deze multinational en daarvoor wordt vooral sportsponsoring gebruikt .
then the choreographer must arbitrate
according to my interpretation of the problem two lines must be perpendicular
