When I have finished reading out the list , I shall tap on the table .
I have been assured that the décor will be completed by the end of July , so we shall be able to keep to the schedule we have arranged and open in September .
So we shall see hundreds of gangs of idle men , smoking and drinking , and half-building roads that no one needs anyway . " 
St Peter said , ` Charity shall cover a multitude of sins " and Francis Bacon said , ` In charity there is no excess . " 
A case of this sort gives a man a chance , and I hope that I shall take it .
I shall find the body in a jiffy and we shall apprehend the guilty party before the day is out . " 
` Shall I come over first thing in the morning and give you a hand ? 
` I hold you responsible , Master Shallot , you and Master Daunbey , for the return of my book from Abbe Gerard . 
The rule of recognition providing the criteria by which the validity of other rules of the system is assessed is in an important sense , which we shall try to clarify , an ultimate rule : and where , as is usual , there are several criteria ranked in order of relative subordination and primacy one of them is supreme …
" My dear , in a moment I shall have to call one of the bearers to assist Mr Hopkins with his natural functions in case it should be necessary .
I shall trade you the Compass , if you will help me ...
The second influence we shall examine is the British attempt in the latter half of the nineteenth century to reconcile a tension between the romantic-historical and the positivist approaches to society by developing theories of social evolution . 
I give an undertaking , however , that we shall not attempt to delay its progress unduly . 
` I shall endeavour not to disappoint you , ma'am . " 
I shall not abandon the effort to persuade you otherwise .
We shall now concentrate our attention on his criticism of proposition ( b ) , the hypothesis that there exists a stable trade off relation between inflation and unemployment . 
In Chapter 6 we shall look at what some of these common misapprehensions are , so that people can avoid creating unnecessary disappointment and frustration for themselves . 
But we shall have to skirt these issues here ( see Fillmore , 1975 ) . 
` I shall desist , since I am again in your debt . "
But we shall watch no longer , nor hold our tongues for fear of hurting you . 
The individual responsible for this unacceptable behaviour shall remain nameless protect his listening and viewing ratings suffice it to say that his name suggests that he is capable of making a big splash .
The local office of a body which shall remain nameless was awarding competition prizes the other day .
But , in addition , we shall consider introducing further legislation -- such as compulsory muzzling where appropriate -- to deal with this problem . "
My daughters and my wife shall see me fight , … they shall see with their own eyes our manner of living in this land , and how we get our bread . 
Mrs Stych put her nose in the air , and said : ` We shall have the name in a day or two . " 
And I say this to you : You are Peter the Rock ; and on this rock I will build my church , and the powers of death shall never conquer it . 
` Shall our own Daniel enter the lions " den ? " asked Father Peter . 
I shall settle down in the country and build cottages , and mix draughts . " 
` We shall have to be blunt with ourselves and each other . 
Yet , as I shall try to show , Nicolson 's account is far too discreet , and obscures some of the most important features of the crisis . 
If I carry you down to the garden I shall expect your life story in full , a complete and truthful exposé . ” 
If he has to marry Janice , that 's his misfortune , but I shall force him to see that if he really loves Kirsty he wo n't force her to share his fate . 
Recall , we shall classify algorithms by their forms of input . 
7.2 The failure of either party to enforce any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of future performance of any such term or condition . 
We shall continue to increase the value of our business sectors , while adjusting the structure of BP Nutrition to achieve an efficient exit from the BP group . 
I shall learn to hyperventilate and expand my already canoe-like pelvis . 
" You tell me how to get to the seneschal 's office , " Quiss said evenly , " or I shall boil you alive , understand ? " 
If he just suddenly hits me without warning , thought Bob , I shall almost certainly go straight over backwards with my feet still caught up in the bar-stool , and split my skull open on the floor . 
Then I shall batter her with the club for the same amount of time . 
And if I do escape extinction I shall most likely be black and blue from this wood digging into my back -- and I should n't be surprised if you 've broken my wrist . " 
I was thinking , oh yeah I 'll just chop my legs off at the knee shall I ? 
Shall we smack her bum ? 
When , eventually , he thought she 'd had enough , he hauled her out , dried her with his shirt and said , ` What shall we do now ? " 
We shall soak the walls of the two trenches with this stuff , also soak the camouflage squares before wrapping them round our heads , then we can settle down tonight free of mosquitoes . " 
I 'll amuse the children , I shall be perfectly happy . ''
Shall we wake them with a happy tune 
Shall I wake the boss ? " 
I shall confirm my certainty that all forms of intervention and pain relief equal failure , and that bottle feeding is naughty , lazy and dangerous . 
However , it is as nothing compared with the difficulties that we shall face if the generals , who have effectively staged a coup against civil authority , are allowed ultimate success .
I shall have to write in small letters as my pile of paper has considerably diminished , but write it I must . 
When Tamar rose from the table , she remarked , ` I shall go out for a ride , Mama . "
As for what we have spoken of , you shall repeat it to nomole , nomole at all . 
` I shall have to sleep in my chemise , " she said . 
I shall not sleep , she told herself , I must not sleep , and shivered in her nightdress on the edge of the single bed , afraid to reach up to the hook for her dressing gown . 
Where shall ye now get as much money as ye owe ? " , and when she was given forty pence she bought herself a furred cloak with it rather than paying off any of her debts . 
And whoever touches her bed shall wash his clothes and bathe himself in water , and be unclean until the evening . 
We shall all be in rags … ’ 
He pulled his cowl up against the hot midday sun. ` shall we collect our horses ? " 
Here we shall examine how we can help students ascertain that relationship and its effect on meaning . 
I shall go garbed as a maidservant and , if seen and questioned , shall concoct a tale about having a message for one of the guards . 
` Oh yes , we shall have to see Brown , and hear whatever cock-and-bull story he 's cooked up for us . " 
Of course I give the hon. Gentleman the pledge that we shall take up any of those cases , should he send the details to me . 
And yesterday he vowed : ` If I am appointed , I shall be doing things in a somewhat different style .
Where there have been mutual credits , debts or other mutual dealings between a company before it goes into liquidation and any other creditors , Rule 4.90 provides that account should be taken of what is due from each party , and the sums due from one shall be set off against the sums due from the other .
We shall accordingly define the concept , examine its usage , and investigate the sources and limits of power . 
` Christ , I shall be glad when we can get back to real news " he blustered . 
` Nine bean rows shall I have there , and a hive for the honey bee , " chanted Rory . 
` We shall overturn the whole world by tomorrow , " they chanted with earnest conviction . 
` We shall tes-ti-i-i-fyy " , sang Mrs Quigley , to a tune that seemed to be completely of her own devising , ` to-o-o the-e-e Lor-or-ord ! " 
` I know I shall say yes -- I ca n't help it ! " she cried to herself in bed one night . 
And I shall miss 'er wages when she goes , " moaned Mum . 
` Roger Shallot , " the magistrate thundered , ` we find you guilty of these terrible murders and so you must pay the full penalty of the law . 
Father Peter thundered at the multitude , ` Shall ye speak of sin and not know the wrath of God ? " 
` I shall be ruined , beheaded , disbarred from the Buffaloes , " he wailed . 
He saw me and yelled : ` Shallot , where have you been ? 
` I 'm going to ask you questions , Madeleine , and every time you answer no , I shall adorn you with one of these pegs . 
I shall always be grateful to him for not giving me the usual reply of an adult to a curious child 's questions , ` You 're too young to understand . ` 
` I shall need to think about it , of course , " replied the honourable lady , ` Things are too far advanced -- the jubilee celebration . 
` I shall be with His Grace anon , " the prince replied on a small note of displeasure , before again turning to Joan . 
( Article 37 provides that a carrier who has paid compensation in compliance with the provisions of this Convention , shall be entitled to recover … from the other carriers who have taken part in the carriage …
` We shall break the historic habit because we shall not just get elected tomorrow to clear up the mess , we are going to get re-elected at the next general election as well , " he said . 
Although in this last case we should note that it is much harder to talk of the sentence being ` wrong " ; there are circumstances when people validly violate semantic norms , as we shall see . 
Article 19(4) states : ` If anyone 's rights are violated by public authority , recourse to the courts shall be open to him . 
( 5 ) If any person knowingly and wilfully contravenes this section , he shall be guilty of an offence . 
( 7 ) The secretary of any club to the premises of which this section applies shall notify the licensing board for the area within which such premises are situated of any reconstruction or extension of , or alteration In , the premises which affects the facilities available in the premises for the provision of substantial refreshment , and if the secretary of any club contravenes this subsection he shall be guilty of an offence . 
69 All individuals on the Register shall be required to conform to the Rules of Conduct promulgated by the Council . 
21.1 No party shall be liable to any other for non-performance in the event of circumstances occurring outside their control which shall include for the avoidance of doubt strikes material or currency fluctuations .
In the event of a dispute between Programmers over any matter arising under or in connection with this Agreement , then ( after full discussion with the Programmers ) the opinion of the Publisher shall prevail .
8.2 In the event of the Publisher making any payment to the Authors or the Company prior to the first accounting date such payments shall be treated as an advance on royalties unless otherwise agreed in writing .
In fact I wrote a song yesterday & if you are good you shall have it , supposing you care .
I shall be glad to give you rest and refreshment as long as my mother is not here .
I compare you to a flea on an elephant 's back , shouting -- ` unless you behave better , I shall bite you . "
Before describing its role in some specific cellular processes , I shall summarize how InsP 3 is released from the membrane and how it acts to generate calcium signals .
` Shall I be able to reach you at 1027 , Westminster Drive ? " she asked . 
Shall I telephone him back and confirm ? "
Irena said : " I shall have to telephone Miss Lucchesi about the young man .
They shall load your weapons onto carts and follow you . 
You are the most extraordinary and wonderful woman I have ever encountered , and I shall make it a magnum of champagne . 
As we shall show later , what people mean by their actions depends on what expectations they have about the actions of others .
She mistook ` sha n't " for ` shall " and proceeded to give thought and time to the preparation of a delicious meal .
I shall have the staff escort you home under armed guard ! 
When we say that a flag at half-mast means that someone has died , we refer to a social convention that death shall be marked in this way . 
1 Peel and thinly slice the shallots . 
Mince the remaining garlic , add to the oil with the shallots and saute until soft -- do not allow to brown . 
I shall venture my own response to it in the final chapter . 
We shall see that since 1925 this code is now replaced by a new scheme of intestate succession , which applies to all the property of a deceased person ( see pp. 111-13 ) . 
I shall stay alive until I can catch him . 
He that liveth by the sword shall perish by the sword . 
You 're not giving me room to breath -- I shall probably expire through suffocation . 
Those crimes that ` self-evidently warrant state intervention " I shall refer to throughout as ` traditional crimes " .
I shall argue that this reasonable conclusion is actually a big mistake , and that loss of vision makes things even worse . 
Ex-King 's Cup player Robin Drysdale echoed the sentiments of many , at the conclusion of his first Series event at his club in Bracknell , when he said ` these events are terrific for the kids and I shall definitely be running one again next year . " 
I have an inexpressible longing to write another opera … and once I have composed for Naples I shall be in demand everywhere …
Nor shall you be told of David Owen 's yearning to excel at any kind of team game ; selflessly drawing the best from all the other members and making sure he ran a truly happy dressing room . 
A case of this sort gives a man a chance , and I hope that I shall take it .
“ You shall not covet your neighbour 's house . 
We shall look at this very carefully and have discussions with the current owners and with everybody on the island before anything is decided. 
We shall take witchcraft beliefs , mainly in tribal contexts , as our point of departure for a wider-ranging general discussion of tribal religions .
And I shall dip the fruit in the wine and feed them to you .
First , we shall be publishing with HMSO a book on Slezer to accompany the exhibition , and should like your permission to reproduce your drawings in this book . 
I shall base my account largely on what secondary schoolteachers have to say , though I have found that the picture is easily recognizable , with some modification to the details , by those working in both primary and further and higher education as well . 
Nothing in this title shall be construed to interfere with or impair any program for competitive bidding for power supply in a State in which such program is established .
` Katherine , I haven t yet told you how pleased we all are that you shall be going to school here and be with us at Valois frequently . 
` If you do n't help me , I shall make you more miserable than you have ever been in your life . 
We shall find reason for disquiet about this argument . 
Psalm 13 put her own question well &mdash'How; long shall l take counsel in my soul , having sorrow in my heart daily ? ” 
Mr Hamilton said : ` I am deeply concerned at what you have told me and I shall ask for immediate steps to be taken for normal decencies to be observed . " 
So we moved to Haddenham for peace and quiet but now it starts here and we 're very frightened we shall be driven away from here because you ca n't live with that noise . 
Because such religions are of more interest to the media than are more ` ordinary " religions , it is quite likely that whenever the tragedy occurs we shall be treated to the headline Cult Member Commits Suicide . 
If you are interested in coming to our University we shall be very glad to find a place for you if we can , and most certainly to welcome you if you are admitted .
Eventually of course we shall employ people full time to do these things . 
So suppose we attempt , for example , to phrase accounts of the pragmatic notion of presupposition in terms of appropriateness conditions , we shall find that they wrongly predict conditions of usage . 
Shall we -- ` But James had mentally worded his speech a dozen times and would not be forestalled . 
How shall we word a letter so as not to offend the parents ? 
All teachers shall be given a standard competence test to verify they are up-to-date with subjects and modern teaching methods . 
Boulton records that the constitution provided that : ` any member associated with , or giving support to , any subversive or lawless activities whatsoever shall be expelled from the body .
In general it is expected that the engineer shall be fair and reasonable in the way he or she administers the contract . 
Do not mourn for me ; I shall have influenced history more than any other German . " 
And it 's a , it 's a tendency which I think we shall regret . 
` I am delighted the A.S.A. has launched a special enquiry into it , and I shall be very interested to see what conclusions they come up with .
We shall return later to the problem of discovering who bewitches whom . 
By then the subject-matter had enthralled me , and I shall not say that I felt more loving . 
` Shall I shock you more with another truth ? 
I shall always remember that self deprecating smile and ironic phrase which I liked so much . 
I shall not repeat what I said to the Government of India , but it is perfectly fair to say that it was well taken . 
Shall we just say that a checkerboard solution is unjust by definition because it treats different people differently for no good reason , and justice requires treating like cases alike ? 
` I can not pretend that I shall ever like him , " said the lawyer .
` I 'm going to ask you questions , Madeleine , and every time you answer no , I shall adorn you with one of these pegs . 
Shall I varnish my nails ? 
For one freshly boiled , medium large ( about 1 ½ lb. ) hen lobster or langouste ( if you are boiling the creature at home , you can always add the large goblet of Madeira called for in the original recipe ) , the ingredients for the sauce are 2 small shallots , a heaped teaspoon of tarragon leaves , 2 tablespoons of chopped parsley , salt , pepper , a scant teaspoon of strong yellow French mustard , 24 to 30 drops of soy sauce , approximately 6 tablespoons of mildly fruity Provence olive oil , the juice of half a rather small lemon , 1 teaspoon of anisette de Bordeaux . 
` I shall send you a piece of my wedding cake . " 
Miss Mates will make us all some tea , give you some sweet biscuits , and only when I am fully satisfied that you are fit again shall I allow you to leave . 
I shall enjoy her admirable turnip stew another time . 
We shall be making further representations to the Romanian Bar Association about a more liberal approach to the practice of foreign lawyers in their country . "
I am sure they provide very economical motoring , but no-one gets much enjoyment out of it shall I say . 
That way , we shall save her a great deal of pain , and she can husband her strength for when she needs to push the baby out . " 
` Ah , but I think we shall be able to find out now ! " said the police-sergeant , who seemed very pleased about something . 
Shall I even bother to hand my notice in ? "
My right hon. Friend the Home Secretary and I shall see British car manufacturers again in the near future to urge them speedily to incorporate immobilisation devices into cars . 
The suggestion that though God is to be conceived as male , humanity is to be understood as female in relation to God , I shall leave until the next chapter .
And whoever touches her bed shall wash his clothes and bathe himself in water , and be unclean until the evening . 
No doubt we shall hear about the street children from Amnesty & other sources from time to time . 
In 1537 Ralph Sadler complained to Cromwell about the probable consequences of an enforced withdrawal : ` My absence from the court will so much hinder me that I shall never be able to recover . "
We shall fight them in the quarry . 
Shall we duel over this ? " 
This has immense significance for the authorities ' ability to control the money supply , as we shall see in section 9.1 . 
The contract was extended for a third year and we shall be endeavouring to obtain a further extension beyond its current time limit ( October ) .
` I shall be away in the Persian Gulf that week , " he said .
The story of Doubting Thomas is told , not so that we shall admire Thomas , but so that we can admire the other apostles in comparison . 
Four of the people we shall discuss , Land , Jobs , Iacocca and Carlzon , are business leaders widely recognized and admired for their visionary abilities . 
I applaud your decision to employ them , and shall leave your catalogue in the staffroom tomorrow . 
I hope that I shall not embarrass the Minister if I commend him again for his imaginative efforts and the time that he has spent abroad trying to develop inward investment . 
How they are set is a difficult question to which I shall return , but those who decry as too narrow the scope of a Convention running to over a hundred Articles must surely embody the resuscitated spirit of Oliver Twist who will always cry for more ! 
After a few moments of uncomfortable silence , she said stubbornly , ` If you denigrate my life 's work , you shall not profit by it unless you apologize to me , Clare . " 
If men deride and sneer , 1 shall defy them 
` What shall it profit a man to deride the Lord ? " 
" Forasmuch as it hath pleased Almighty God of his goodness to give you safe deliverance , and to preserve you in the great danger of childbirth ; you shall therefore give hearty thanks unto God … " 
( When Leonard came to write his second novel , he paid MacLennan the finest compliment of all -- and the riskiest -- by imitating his theme , as we shall see . ) 
Accordingly , the preparer shall justify any changes in the use of a valuation method .
Reuben Haredale 's steward , who murders his master for money , and also the latter 's gardener in circumstances that shall make it seem that the body , when discovered , is that of Rudge himself . 
" I shall stand first and foremost for the exercise of a complete and thorough boycott of the Germans as the cruellest slaughterers of innocent lives on the high seas that the world has ever known . 
` By our sins we shall be punished accordin' , " said Mother . 
We shall be comparing the development of low birth-weight babies in each area , and also looking at their siblings . " 
` I forbid you -- and if necessary I shall have the Commandant forbid you . 
` Personal data shall be held for one or more specified and lawful purposes " .
Until today , when a girl with a fiery disposition and a strong heart shall rebel against the empire , change the hearts of the city people , and bring defeat down upon his royal highness .
Such people ensure the persistence of evil on earth by believing that the power of physical might shall prevail uncontrolled with complete disregard of the general good .
` Now put your feet up , me hearties , " he cried , ` We shall need all our strength this evening . "
In practice , as we shall see , it is not very easy to make effective use of the high tensile strength of timber .
I SHALL treasure my copy of Friday morning 's Times carrying the front-page headline ` Exit polls point to certainty of a hung parliament " . 
But we have a greater probability that we shall self-destruct . 
I shall now be living in perpetual fear that my little brother will not only find this site , but also the Bitches thread .
Stewardship land shall be quantified in terms of physical units ( for example , acres ) rather than in monetary terms .
` I shall leave with this person for the Gestapo headquarters . ''
- Not later than twenty - four months after the date of enactment of the Clear Skies Act of 2002 , and not later than every four years thereafter , the Administrator shall provide a peer reviewed report to the Congress on the costs , benefits , and effectiveness of emission reduction programs under this title .
-- Allowances under this subsection shall be allocated onlywith respect to kilowatt hours of electric energy saved by qualified energy conservation measures or generated by qualified renewable energy after January 1, 1992 and before the earlier of ( i ) December 31, 2000 , or ( ii ) the date on which any electric utility steam generating unit owned or operated by the electric utility to which the allowances are allocated becomes subject to this subpart ( including those sources that elect to become
After the effective date of standards promulgated under subsection ( b ) , no owner oroperator shall cause any combustion turbine that is not gas-fired or coal-fired and that is a new affected unit to discharge into the atmosphere any gases which contain:
` If I see another slice of lamb I shall bleat . " 
But do not deceive yourself into thinking that because your continual disservices to art bring you knighthoods and ribbons , I shall in any way weaken in my attack . 
You remember the words of Our Lord , ` I shall not leave thee nor forsake thee . " 
You may rest assured I shall retain every least word , written or spoken , and all other things too , in the hard wax of my stubborn memory .
Grants and available technology shall be provided for the avoidance of the crazy Victorian idea of pumping raw sewage out to sea . 
I shall make it clear to those moronic malcontents on the terraces that I have no intention of quitting . 
` Look , " said Quigley , ` let 's be reasonable about this , shall we ? " 
Therefore , we shall be attracted to areas of research which seem interesting to us . 
These depredations and the lack of a firm response by corrupt local magnates were to have a violent sequel to which we shall return . 
This week you will vote for the next government , and I shall not be around to ventilate , on your behalf , your righteous rage at the disgusting results of your electoral behaviour . 
At nineteen Shallot was virtuous , a prosperous man soon to be a merchant prince who would show both Master Benjamin and the great Wolsey that he could rise without their help . 
Your father was very virtuous ; and holy men at their death have goo inspirations … will no doubt never be chosen by any rightly but one who you shall rightly love . 
` I shall start the bagpipes here and walk back down the hill towards the woods , playing as I go . " 
I shall go for a good walk after dinner , climb to the top of the fell . 
Pat has not yet met a group to have fellowship with but she has made contact " by chance " with a Christian we shall call " George " .
I have no idea what I shall be doing even this time next year ; I have n't any achievements or even firm plans that I could offer you .
I shall suggest however that , through the very nature of Christology , there can be no Christology which is compatible with feminism .
` … no person other than an authorised person shall issue or cause to be issued an investment advertisement in the United Kingdom unless its contents have been approved by an authorised person " .
` No person shall carry on … investment business in the United Kingdom unless he is an authorised person under Chapter III or an exempted person under Chapter IV of this Part of this Act .
We shall probably be put in front . "
If I am looking directly at a stick insect , 8 inches in front of my nose and in strong daylight , I shall not be fooled by it .
Whether it was the disappointment showing on my face I shall never know , for my guide quickly added that it was a Celtic path and , perhaps , more than 4,000 years old .
As we shall see , DNA provides the programme which controls the development of the embryo and brings about epigenesis .
Now I suppose I shall have to tramp back to Moorgate underground station , before I can find a cab .
At the end of the day he employs us and if he insists , we shall have to go straight into fourth gear to prepare for it .
` I shall send you a piece of my wedding cake . " 
When they begin to pop , add the shallot slices and cook for 1 min . 
I shall argue in the next chapter that it is part of a teacher 's duties to attempt to redress the balance between children who have and those who have not the advantages of a supportive home . 
The Administrator shall implement this subsection under 40 CFR part 76 ( 2001 ) , amended as appropriate by the Administrator .
Assuming I am unrecognized , I shall bide my time until I can gain entrance to the tower and the winding stairs to the upper floor . " 
Government of the people , by the people , for the people shall not perish from the earth .
There 's little doubt that where public relations is concerned this Lady of Shallott surely knows her onions and if I were she , I would sue Channel 4 over one of Ms Paglia 's implications . 
A case of this sort gives a man a chance , and I hope that I shall take it .
Insurance salesmen shall be banned . 
We shall look under every stone in our search for the culprit . 
` The pain will be exquisite , Doctor , and I shall savour every nuance of your screams . 
And I shall have him flogged in their sight when I perceive dissension to our wise governance . 
No , no , we shall all be justified when we see the tenants of High Gable at the next Guildford Assizes . "
Former gang members shall be given a chance to be patrol buddies in assisting in the protection of the neighbourhoods . 
..Provided , however , that the Administrator shall not be required to designate areas for the revised fine particles national primary ambient air quality standard and 8-hour ozone fine particles national primary ambient air quality standard prior to 6-months after the States are required to submit recommendations under section 107 ( d ) ( 1 ) ( A ) , but in no event shall the period for designating such
We shall have even less time than before to enrich the curriculum with a range of imaginative exploratory activity .
And when we get home again I shall tell him the truth -- about who I am , and about Havvie , not the lies about being a governess , and Mama and Papa being dead . 
We shall not deceive the people by saying the task of National Reconstruction is easy , or that it can be accomplished in a twelve month [ period ] . 
I smell a rat in the air : I shall nip it in the bud .
After January 1, 2000 , the Administrator shall allocate annually for each unit , subject to theemissions limitation requirements of paragraph ( 1 ) , which is located in a State with an installed electrical generating capacity of more than 30,000,000 kw in 1988 and for which was issued a prohibition order or a proposed prohibition order ( from burning oil ) , which unit subsequently converted to coal between January 1, 1980 and December 31, 1985 , allowances equal to the difference between ( A ) the product of the unit 's annual fuel consumption , on a Btu basis , at a 65 percent capacity factor multiplied by the lesser of its actual or allowable emissions rate during the first full calendar year after conversion , divided by 2,000 , and ( B ) the number of allowances allocated for the unit pursuant to paragraph ( 1 ) : Provided , That the number of allowances allocated pursuant to this paragraph shall not exceed an annual total of five thousand .
In fact , as we shall see , natural languages contain a fair amount of redundancy .
There is considerable dispute over the precise definition of this term , but we shall use class to refer to a group sharing a similar position in a structure of objective material inequalities, produced by a particular system of economic relationships characteristic of a particular mode of production. 
I shall bloody quiz her about that ! 
Provided that a person shall not be convicted of such an offence if he proves that the contravention in question took place without his knowledge or consent . 
When , as must happen , you have to let me go for lack of evidence , I shall go to Cambridge to recuperate from my ordeal . 
We shall need to overhaul our descriptive systems .
I shall never forget these last two days . 
The words ` at least seven clear days " notice " shall be substituted for the words ` at least fourteen clear days " notice " in Regulation 38 of Table A.
Kreon , the new ruler , orders that his body be left unburied -- thereby ensuring that his spirit shall find no rest for ever . 
We must do still more , and we shall . 
Therefore my own chapel which has not been used for two generations but for a lumber room , because our family seldom resided here long together , shall be cleared and cleaned and got ready for the ceremony . 
I will dwell in the frigid lands with my bride , and no man shall ever set eyes on us again ! " 
Some of these issues we shall deal with more fully in Chapter 5 on the interview .
We shall only succeed in dealing with the problems through a vast international cooperative effort .
` I do n't advise you to hit me , Claudia ; I shall retaliate , but I wo n't hit you , " he said as alarm flared in her blue eyes . 
` One day , " said Jim calmly , ` I shall turn like the proverbial worm and take a terrible retribution upon you , Omally , for all the blows you have administered to my dear head . " 
We shall , therefore , focus on the question of the credibility of the threat that the non-deviating firms will actually carry out the punishment . 
And in the eighth day the flesh of his foreskin shall be circumcised . 
It shall be lawful for the General Synod to make provision by Canon for enabling a woman to be ordained to the office of a Priest . 
We shall be looking further at this vexed question of Christian initiation and the relation of the Holy Spirit to baptism in a later chapter . 
In the following chapter , we shall use relatively short passages for exemplifying the analysis of prose style . 
` Shall we peruse Mr Kobold 's intended purchase ? " 
I am grateful to my hon. Friend for those figures , which I shall study carefully . 
I shall leave that to be worked out by the political analysts . 
In Committee we shall probe deeply into that issue . 
Farmers shall be heavily fined for accidental seepage of silage when our pollution inspectors ( take you out , take you out , in the slurry with the hinge unlocked ) . 
Mabs picked up her reins , pulled her horse 's head up and said , ` Shall we canter up to the top ? " 
Would you like me to crawl out quietly through the woodwork now or shall I wait and collect my cards ? " 
` I 'll go to Liverpool , " he whispered as he hobbled up the stairs , ` and I shall outbid all of them . " 
“ Failing that , ” he said pragmatically , “ shall we meander into a café for something to drink ? ” 
` Shall we saunter on ? " 
Of course we shall sometimes feel lonely but we were never meant , grim-faced and tight-lipped , to slog on alone . 
" Godspeed you , Father , we shall pray for you and all your intentions , " he whispered , and with Amyas steadying the boat , the priest stepped aboard , to be rowed out to an awaiting bark . 
I will just lock up and then we shall stroll home together . " 
Now I suppose I shall have to tramp back to Moorgate underground station , before I can find a cab . 
` Well I reckon I shall have to start some time , " Yanto grinned , as he trotted up alongside him . 
Shall we head for the pub ? " 
We shall here partition it into four square submatrices , each of order 2 . 
I shall deal with a typical sequence of events for a man and a woman attending a clinic for the first time , for a check-up .
As we listen to the Geiger counters we shall hear a succession of clicks .
As we shall see in subsequent chapters , elite and pluralist theories locate power in areas of social and political life very different from those put forward in Marxist accounts .
` This is all I shall have to remember him by -- you are cruel to treat it with such levity . " 
` Shallot , be so courteous as to tell Master Ruthven we await him here . " 
` I shall be so quiet you 'll never notice me .
Do I get it when `` I shall not want , '' four simple one-syllable words , swaying in iambic rhythm , with the shall sliding irresistibly into the breathy w of want calling up the memory of God 's `` breathing the breath of life '' [ Genesis 2:7 ] and man becoming a `` living soul '' is `` improved '' to `` I shall lack nothing '' with its jagged k sound , its materialistic , vacuous nothing , or changed to `` I have everything I need '' to which `` Well , whad-daya know ! ''
If you really have refused Fred Pendlebury , I shall make my own declaration in the proper form and- " with a stern glance at Agnes -- ` at a moment of my choosing . " 
The governments of the FRG and the GDR reaffirm their declarations that only peace shall emanate from German soil . 
The excuse shall be made to the Chairman of the meeting , and by him explained to Members who shall decide whether or not guilty by voting aye or no . 
We shall ignore the epistemological issues , and certainly are not proposing to Platonize values as eternal entities on another plane of reality . 
I am having the matter looked into, and I shall make a statement about it in a few minutes. 
`I shall need statements from both of you , " he said, turning to Tony and me. 
` Shall we wend our way back ? " the Colonel suggested . 
` I shall be demanding that we have a full explanation from Department of Trade and Industry officials when they appear before the public accounts committee to be cross-examined on this report on December 4 . " 
` We shall all have a jolly time . " 
However , I shall not be parting with Shelley either , whose touching sincerity and integrity of approach , allied to enviable technical command , brings its own considerable rewards . 
Despite occasional surprise international successes ( such as Unagi and Shall We Dance ? )
I am convinced that we shall have adequate time to discuss the Bill and that because we have organised the time and allocated it we shall have a higher quality of debate . 
I put him on notice that we shall ask him what he has done to provide extra resources to the prison service .
I shall relinquish my claim .
I shall not dwell on the comments made by the Leader of the Opposition in 1980 , as they have also been referred to .
` I shall tell you what we are going to do . 
I shall advise her that the lessons should cease . " 
A.3.2 Any matter or thing so notified shall not be and shall not be deemed to be a disclosure for the purpose of qualifying or limiting the liability of the Vendor pursuant to this Agreement . 
Following notification by the Seller to the Purchaser of such cause , the Seller shall be allowed a reasonable extension of time for the performance of its obligations . 
You will appreciate that I shall need to take paid time off work for antenatal visits .
We shall see , by the end of this book , that a simple and practical distinction between fabliau and exemplum can be drawn , but that the same stories often do service in both categories . 
Instead , I shall be working on a novella and some short stories … that 's my kind of thing . ’ 
Next week I shall be talking to Peter Abbs about teaching the arts and he will be reading some very interesting children 's poetry . 
Individual judges may give more or less weight to the fact that it is the government rather than Parliament which drafts legislation and decides what it shall contain . 
And see my hands they they they 're quite they 're they 're exactly like a er well shall we say an educated person 's hand A person who 's spent his life working behind a desk .
As these broader functions are of importance in a theory of language change , I shall discuss them briefly here . 
I shall discuss these effects further in section 2.3 . 
Here we shall merely try to summarise the main points that are immediately relevant to the topic of this book . 
We shall say no more for the moment , but the difficult topic of meaning , intention , and motive will be central to Chapter 8 . 
- Any unit designated under this section shall not transfer or bank allowances producedas a result of reduced utilization or shutdown , except that , such allowances may be transferred or carried forward for use in subsequent years to the extent that the reduced utilization or shutdown results
We shall go on expeditions to the country , and I shall become the mistress of the house . 
And of course , after New Year I shall be commuting up to London every day . " 
We shall conclude with an examination of the controversy over the use of Stonehenge as a site of pilgrimage during the summer solstice . 
` Something else I shall miss by going on this dratted tour with Gwen ! " 
Once , when traversing the United States by plane we were informed by the stewardess : ` We shall be landing momentarily in Chicago . " 
` We shall ascend the mountain , " said Miss Fergusson . 
If there is any tendency for one type of crystal to grow and split more quickly than the other , we shall have a simple kind of natural selection . 
Sainthood and mercy are entities of the most considerable sort in Leonard Cohen 's work , as we shall see . 
A case of this sort gives a man a chance , and I hope that I shall take it .
I shall be the only person returning to his car without a shopping trolley . 
This represents the literal approach to the construction of the section , which stipulates simply that the court , ` after hearing the evidence and the parties , shall convict the accused or dismiss the information . " 
I shall go garbed as a maidservant and , if seen and questioned , shall concoct a tale about having a message for one of the guards . 
We shall all be in rags … ’ 
" How often we shall be going to see them , and they coming to see us !-- We shall be always meeting !
" Well ," said Emma , willing to let it pass --" you want to hear about the wedding ; and I shall be happy to tell you , for we all behaved charmingly .
I planned the match from that hour ; and when such success has blessed me in this instance , dear papa , you cannot think that I shall leave off match - making ."
However , I do not mean to set up my opinion against your ' s -- and I am sure I shall not wish for the acquaintance of his wife .
I shall always have a great regard for the Miss Martins , especially Elizabeth , and should be very sorry to give them up , for they are quite as well educated as me .
Mr . Knightley , I shall not allow you to be a fair judge in this case .
Very well ; I shall not attempt to deny Emma ' s being pretty ."
Where shall we see a better daughter , or a kinder sister , or a truer friend ?
Emma shall be an angel , and I will keep my spleen to myself till Christmas brings John and Isabella .
It is very good advice , and it shall have a better fate than your advice has often found ; for it shall be attended to ."
There were wishes at Randalls respecting Emma ' s destiny , but it was not desirable to have them suspected ; and the quiet transition which Mr . Knightley soon afterwards made to " What does Weston think of the weather ; shall we have rain ?"
" Well , if you give me such kind encouragement , Mr . Elton , I believe I shall try what I can do .
We shall be most happy to consider you as one of the party ."
" Well ," said the still waiting Harriet ;--" well -- and -- and what shall I do ?"
" What shall you do !
But what shall I say ?
" No , I do not ; that is , I do not mean -- What shall I do ?
" I shall not give you any advice , Harriet .
" I do not think he is conceited either , in general ," said Harriet , her conscience opposing such censure ; " at least , he is very good natured , and I shall always feel much obliged to him , and have a great regard for -- but that is quite a different thing from -- and you know , though he may like me , it does not follow that I should -- and certainly I must confess that since my visiting here I have seen people -- and if one comes to compare them , person and manners , there is no comparison at all , _one_ is so very handsome and agreeable .
But how shall I do ?
What shall I say ?"
" I shall never be invited to Abbey - Mill again ," was said in rather a sorrowful tone .
" Well , I believe , if you will excuse me , Mr . Knightley , if you will not consider me as doing a very rude thing , I shall take Emma ' s advice and go out for a quarter of an hour .
We shall only be making each other more angry .
Your views for Harriet are best known to yourself ; but as you make no secret of your love of match - making , it is fair to suppose that views , and plans , and projects you have ;-- and as a friend I shall just hint to you that if Elton is the man , I think it will be all labour in vain ."
I shall leave off while I am well ."
Miss Woodhouse , do you think we shall ever find it out ?"
continued Harriet --" these two last !-- But how shall I ever be able to return the paper , or say I have found it out ?-- Oh !
He will be here this evening , I dare say , and then I will give it him back , and some nonsense or other will pass between us , and you shall not be committed .-- Your soft eyes shall chuse their own time for beaming .
" I shall never let that book go out of my own hands ," said she .
" Very well ," replied Emma ; " a most natural feeling ; and the longer it lasts , the better I shall be pleased .
no -- I hope I shall not be ridiculous about it .
I hope we shall have her here next week .
Have you thought , my dear , where you shall put her -- and what room there will be for the children ?"
I think , Emma , I shall try and persuade her to stay longer with us .
" I do not often walk this way _now_ ," said Emma , as they proceeded , " but _then_ there will be an inducement , and I shall gradually get intimately acquainted with all the hedges , gates , pools and pollards of this part of Highbury ."
but I never have been in love ; it is not my way , or my nature ; and I do not think I ever shall .
" Never mind , Harriet , I shall not be a poor old maid ; and it is poverty only which makes celibacy contemptible to a generous public !
but what shall you do ?
how shall you employ yourself when you grow old ?"
If I draw less , I shall read more ; if I give up music , I shall take to carpet - work .
And as for objects of interest , objects for the affections , which is in truth the great point of inferiority , the want of which is really the great evil to be avoided in _not_ marrying , I shall be very well off , with all the children of a sister I love so much , to care about .
My nephews and nieces !-- I shall often have a niece with me ."
I shall never forget his flying Henry ' s kite for him that very windy day last Easter -- and ever since his particular kindness last September twelvemonth in writing that note , at twelve o ' clock at night , on purpose to assure me that there was no scarlet fever at Cobham , I have been convinced there could not be a more feeling heart nor a better man in existence .-- If any body can deserve him , it must be Miss Taylor ."
" I shall always be very sorry that you went to the sea this autumn , instead of coming here ."
I shall see you at the Abbey to - morrow morning I hope , and then we will look them over , and you shall give me your opinion ."
" Yes ," said John Knightley , " and I think we shall have a good deal of it ."
I think you will agree with me , ( turning with a soft air to Emma ,) I think I shall certainly have your approbation , though Mr . Knightley perhaps , from being used to the large parties of London , may not quite enter into our feelings ."
If you think he will come , I shall think so too ; for you know Enscombe ."
Emma listened , and then coolly said , " I shall not be satisfied , unless he comes ."
I admired your spirit ; and I dare say we shall get home very well .
I dare say we shall be all safe at Hartfield before midnight ."
" You had better order the carriage directly , my love ," said she ; " I dare say we shall be able to get along , if we set off directly ; and if we do come to any thing very bad , I can get out and walk .
" Shall I ring the bell ?"
you forget yourself -- you take me for my friend -- any message to Miss Smith I shall be happy to deliver ; but no more of this to _me_ , if you please ."
I shall , therefore , set off to - morrow .'
" We shall never agree about him ," cried Emma ; " but that is nothing extraordinary .
There will be but one subject throughout the parishes of Donwell and Highbury ; but one interest -- one object of curiosity ; it will be all Mr . Frank Churchill ; we shall think and speak of nobody else ."
If I find him conversable , I shall be glad of his acquaintance ; but if he is only a chattering coxcomb , he will not occupy much of my time or thoughts ."
We never were so long without seeing her before , and as I was telling Mrs . Cole , we shall hardly know how to make enough of her now ."
They had not intended to go over till the summer , but she is so impatient to see them again -- for till she married , last October , she was never away from them so much as a week , which must make it very strange to be in different kingdoms , I was going to say , but however different countries , and so she wrote a very urgent letter to her mother -- or her father , I declare I do not know which it was , but we shall see presently in Jane ' s letter -- wrote in Mr . Dixon ' s name as well as her own , to press their coming over directly , and they would give them the meeting in Dublin , and take them back to their country seat , Baly - craig , a beautiful place , I fancy .
The expense shall not be thought of ; and though he is so liberal , and so fond of Jane that I dare say he would not mean to charge any thing for attendance , we could not suffer it to be so , you know .
So I said I would go down and see , and Jane said , ` Shall I go down instead ?
" Who shall answer that question ?"
You , who have been hearing and seeing so much of late on these subjects , who must have been so deep in the business on Miss Campbell ' s account -- we shall not excuse your being indifferent about Mr . Elton and Miss Hawkins ."
" When I have seen Mr . Elton ," replied Jane , " I dare say I shall be interested -- but I believe it requires _that_ with me .
I shall just go round by Mrs . Cole ' s ; but I shall not stop three minutes : and , Jane , you had better go home directly -- I would not have you out in a shower !-- We think she is the better for Highbury already .
I shall not attempt calling on Mrs . Goddard , for I really do not think she cares for any thing but _boiled_ pork : when we dress the leg it will be another thing .
" And now we shall just miss them ; too provoking !-- I do not know when I have been so disappointed ."
We shall enjoy him completely ; every thing has turned out exactly as we could wish ."
" I shall soon bring him over to Hartfield ," said he , at the conclusion .
"' Tis twelve ; I shall not forget to think of you four hours hence ; and by this time to - morrow , perhaps , or a little later , I may be thinking of the possibility of their all calling here .
I shall have no difficulty , I suppose , in finding the house ; though Fairfax , I believe , is not the proper name -- I should rather say Barnes , or Bates .
They will be extremely glad to see you , I am sure ; and one of my servants shall go with you to shew you the way ."
Miss Fairfax must already have given her account .-- I shall not commit myself by claiming more than she may chuse to allow ."
We shall know more about them all , in half an hour , from you , than Miss Fairfax would have vouchsafed in half a year ."
I shall have no fears for you with him .
_Now_ I shall really be very happy to walk into the same room with you ."
I smile because you smile , and shall probably suspect whatever I find you suspect ; but at present I do not see what there is to question .
Depend upon it , we shall soon hear that it is a present from Mr . and Mrs .
Shall I ?-- Yes , I will -- I declare I will -- and you shall see how she takes it ;-- whether she colours ."
I see no sign of attachment -- I believe nothing of the pianoforte -- and proof only shall convince me that Mr . Knightley has any thought of marrying Jane Fairfax ."
" Well , I always shall think that you play quite as well as she does , or that if there is any difference nobody would ever find it out .
She will probably have soon done , and then we shall go home .
" Well -- if you advise it .-- But ( with a smile ) if Colonel Campbell should have employed a careless friend , and if it should prove to have an indifferent tone -- what shall I say ?
I shall be no support to Mrs . Weston .
No , you shall send it to Hartfield , if you please .
But I shall want the ribbon directly -- so it had better go to Hartfield -- at least the ribbon .
Then , if you please , you shall send it all to Mrs . Goddard ' s -- I do not know -- No , I think , Miss Woodhouse , I may just as well have it sent to Hartfield , and take it home with me at night .
-- But , said I , I shall be more sure of succeeding if one of you will go with me .--` Oh ,' said he , ` wait half a minute , till I have finished my job ;'-- For , would you believe it , Miss Woodhouse , there he is , in the most obliging manner in the world , fastening in the rivet of my mother ' s spectacles .-- The rivet came out , you know , this morning .-- So very obliging !-- For my mother had no use of her spectacles -- could not put them on .
I never shall forget his manner .
You find me trying to be useful ; tell me if you think I shall succeed ."
I wish I could conjecture how soon I shall make this rivet quite firm .
I think it admirable ; and , as far as I can answer for myself , shall be most happy -- It seems the only improvement that could be .
We shall have no occasion to open the windows at all -- not once the whole evening ; and it is that dreadful habit of opening the windows , letting in cold air upon heated bodies , which ( as you well know , sir ) does the mischief ."
I shall never forget it .
We shall not be many , you know ."
Shall I call upon them ?
I shall think you a great blockhead , Frank , if you bring the aunt without the niece ."
If the Westons think it worth while to be at all this trouble for a few hours of noisy entertainment , I have nothing to say against it , but that they shall not chuse pleasures for me .-- Oh !
" Ah !--( shaking his head )-- the uncertainty of when I may be able to return !-- I shall try for it with a zeal !-- It will be the object of all my thoughts and cares !-- and if my uncle and aunt go to town this spring -- but I am afraid -- they did not stir last spring -- I am afraid it is a custom gone for ever ."
" Yes ; my father is to join me here : we shall walk back together , and I must be off immediately .
" I shall hear about you all ," said he ; " that is my chief consolation .
I shall hear of every thing that is going on among you .
In her letters I shall be at dear Highbury again ."
I shall have many fellow - mourners for the ball , if not for Frank Churchill ; but Mr . Knightley will be happy .
This is in the supposition of his attachment continuing what it now is ; but I do not know that I expect it will ; I do not look upon him to be quite the sort of man -- I do not altogether build upon his steadiness or constancy .-- His feelings are warm , but I can imagine them rather changeable .-- Every consideration of the subject , in short , makes me thankful that my happiness is not more deeply involved .-- I shall do very well again after a little while -- and then , it will be a good thing over ; for they say every body is in love once in their lives , and I shall have been let off easily ."
And now , Miss Woodhouse , I do not think I shall mind seeing them again .
While they are with us , we shall explore a great deal , I dare say .
Indeed , when the time draws on , I shall decidedly recommend their bringing the barouche - landau ; it will be so very much preferable .
I hope we shall have many sweet little concerts together .
If _we_ exert ourselves , I think we shall not be long in want of allies .
" Well ," said Mrs . Elton , laughing , " we shall see ."
Maple Grove will probably be my model more than it ought to be -- for we do not at all affect to equal my brother , Mr . Suckling , in income .-- However , my resolution is taken as to noticing Jane Fairfax .-- I shall certainly have her very often at my house , shall introduce her wherever I can , shall have musical parties to draw out her talents , and shall be constantly on the watch for an eligible situation .
My acquaintance is so very extensive , that I have little doubt of hearing of something to suit her shortly .-- I shall introduce her , of course , very particularly to my brother and sister when they come to us .
I am sure they will like her extremely ; and when she gets a little acquainted with them , her fears will completely wear off , for there really is nothing in the manners of either but what is highly conciliating .-- I shall have her very often indeed while they are with me , and I dare say we shall sometimes find a seat for her in the barouche - landau in some of our exploring parties ."
Miss Fairfax , I dare say , would not have me if I were to ask her -- and I am very sure I shall never ask her ."
Upon my word we shall be absolutely dissipated .
You have every body dearest to you always at hand , I , probably , never shall again ; and therefore till I have outlived all my affections , a post - office , I think , must always have power to draw me out , in worse weather than to - day ."
she _shall_ _not_ do such a thing again ," eagerly rejoined Mrs . Elton .
I shall speak to Mr . E . The man who fetches our letters every morning ( one of our men , I forget his name ) shall inquire for yours too and bring them to you .
I shall write to Mrs . Partridge in a day or two , and shall give her a strict charge to be on the look - out for any thing eligible ."
" I know you , I know you ; you would take up with any thing ; but I shall be a little more nice , and I am sure the good Campbells will be quite on my side ; with your superior talents , you have a right to move in the first circle .
Your musical knowledge alone would entitle you to name your own terms , have as many rooms as you like , and mix in the family as much as you chose ;-- that is -- I do not know -- if you knew the harp , you might do all that , I am very sure ; but you sing as well as play ;-- yes , I really believe you might , even without the harp , stipulate for what you chose ;-- and you must and shall be delightfully , honourably and comfortably settled before the Campbells or I have any rest ."
For two or three months longer I shall remain where I am , and as I am ."
I shall only just mention the circumstance to the others in a common way ."
" I hope I shall soon have the pleasure of introducing my son to you ," said Mr . Weston .
yes , and I shall be very happy in his acquaintance .
I am sure Mr . Elton will lose no time in calling on him ; and we shall both have great pleasure in seeing him at the Vicarage ."
" No , indeed , I shall grant you nothing .
I give you notice that as I find your son , so I shall judge of him .-- I am no flatterer ."
" I rather hope to satisfy you both ," said Emma , " for I shall do all in my power to make them happy , which will be enough for Isabella ; and happiness must preclude false indulgence and physic ."
I shall certainly be at leisure ."
You may be very sure I shall always take care of _them_ ."
My dear Jane , are you sure you did not wet your feet ?-- It was but a drop or two , but I am so afraid :-- but Mr . Frank Churchill was so extremely -- and there was a mat to step upon -- I shall never forget his extreme politeness .-- Oh !
And I see very few pearls in the room except mine .-- So Frank Churchill is a capital dancer , I understand .-- We shall see if our styles suit .-- A fine young man certainly is Frank Churchill .
" If Mrs . Gilbert wishes to dance ," said he , " I shall have great pleasure , I am sure -- for , though beginning to feel myself rather an old married man , and that my dancing days are over , it would give me very great pleasure at any time to stand up with an old friend like Mrs .
said I , ` I shall not forestall Jane ; I left her dancing with Mr . George Otway ; she will love to tell you all about it herself to - morrow : her first partner was Mr . Elton , I do not know who will ask her next , perhaps Mr . William Cox .'
could not have supposed any thing !-- Such elegance and profusion !-- I have seen nothing like it since -- Well , where shall we sit ?
where shall we sit ?
Dear Jane , how shall we ever recollect half the dishes for grandmama ?
" I shall not scold you .
I can see nothing at all extraordinary in him now .-- I do not care whether I meet him or not -- except that of the two I had rather not see him -- and indeed I would go any distance round to avoid him -- but I do not envy his wife in the least ; I neither admire her nor envy her , as I have done : she is very charming , I dare say , and all that , but I think her very ill - tempered and disagreeable -- I shall never forget her look the other night !-- However , I assure you , Miss Woodhouse , I wish her no evil .-- No , let them be ever so happy together , it will not give me another moment ' s pang : and to convince you that I have been speaking truth , I am now going to destroy -- what I ought to have destroyed long ago -- what I ought never to have kept -- I know that very well ( blushing as she spoke ).-- However , now I will destroy it all -- and it is my particular wish to do it in your presence , that you may see how rational I am grown .
" I shall be happier to burn it ," replied Harriet .
She merely said , in the course of some trivial chat , " Well , Harriet , whenever you marry I would advise you to do so and so "-- and thought no more of it , till after a minute ' s silence she heard Harriet say in a very serious tone , " I shall never marry ."
" It is one that I shall never change , however ."
I give you this caution now , because I shall never speak to you again on the subject .
I would not have you too sanguine ; though , however it may end , be assured your raising your thoughts to _him_ , is a mark of good taste which I shall always know how to value ."
He heard Frank Churchill next say , with a glance towards Jane , " I will give it to her -- shall I ?"
" No , no , you must not ; you shall not , indeed ."
Well , I shall bring Jane with me -- Jane and her aunt .-- The rest I leave to you .
" You certainly will meet them if I can prevail ; and I shall call on Miss Bates in my way home ."
I shall wear a large bonnet , and bring one of my little baskets hanging on my arm .
When you are tired of eating strawberries in the garden , there shall be cold meat in the house ."
" Will you be so kind ," said she , " when I am missed , as to say that I am gone home ?-- I am going this moment .-- My aunt is not aware how late it is , nor how long we have been absent -- but I am sure we shall be wanted , and I am determined to go directly .-- I have said nothing about it to any body .
Till they all come in I shall not be missed ; and when they do , will you have the goodness to say that I am gone ?"
I shall be at home in twenty minutes ."
And the more sensibility you betray of their just horrors , the more I shall like you ."
" As soon as I am cooler I shall go back again .
" As soon as my aunt gets well , I shall go abroad ," said he .
" I shall never be easy till I have seen some of these places .
I shall do something to expose myself ."
I feel a strong persuasion , this morning , that I shall soon be abroad .
" No -- I shall not stir .
I shall sit by you .
" No , certainly not ; I shall go home in the cool of the evening ."
If I come , I shall be cross ."
" But if I do , I shall be crosser still .
I shall press you no more ."
What shall we do to rouse them ?
They _shall_ talk .
I shall be sure to say three dull things as soon as ever I open my mouth , shan ' t I ?
( looking round with the most good - humoured dependence on every body ' s assent )-- Do not you all think I shall ?"
" Low , I am afraid , sir , very low ," answered his son ;--" but we shall be indulgent -- especially to any one who leads the way ."
A conundrum of Mr . Weston ' s shall clear him and his next neighbour .
Shall we walk , Augusta ?"
You shall have a charming wife ."
I shall go abroad for a couple of years -- and when I return , I shall come to you for my wife .
" Now , ma ' am ," said Jane to her aunt , " shall we join Mrs .
We shall soon overtake her .
Jane she had a distinct glimpse of , looking extremely ill ; and , before the door had shut them out , she heard Miss Bates saying , " Well , my dear , I shall _say_ you are laid down upon the bed , and I am sure you are ill enough ."
` My dear ,' said I , ` I shall say you are laid down upon the bed :' but , however , she is not ; she is walking about the room .
But , now that she has written her letters , she says she shall soon be well .
However , _I_ shall always think it a very pleasant party , and feel extremely obliged to the kind friends who included me in it ."
I shall talk about it to him ; he will settle for me ; he will help me out of all my difficulties .'
I don ' t say that it is not a disagreeable business -- but things might be much worse .-- If we walk fast , we shall soon be at Randalls ."
I shall leave you together .
I shall not be far off , if you want me ."
" Well ," said Emma , " I suppose we shall gradually grow reconciled to the idea , and I wish them very happy .
But I shall always think it a very abominable sort of proceeding .
The error has been all my own ; and I do assure you that , with all the excuse that present circumstances may appear to give , I shall yet dread making the story known to Colonel Campbell .'"
My acquaintance with him has been but trifling .-- And even if I have not underrated him hitherto , he may yet turn out well .-- With such a woman he has a chance .-- I have no motive for wishing him ill -- and for her sake , whose happiness will be involved in his good character and conduct , I shall certainly wish him well ."
I know what thorough justice you will do it , and have scarcely a doubt of its happy effect .-- I think we shall never materially disagree about the writer again ; but I will not delay you by a long preface .-- We are quite well .-- This letter has been the cure of all the little nervousness I have been feeling lately .-- I did not quite like your looks on Tuesday , but it was an ungenial morning ; and though you will never own being affected by weather , I think every body feels a north - east wind .-- I felt for your dear father very much in the storm of Tuesday afternoon and yesterday morning , but had the comfort of hearing last night , by Mr . Perry , that it had not made him ill . " Yours ever , " A . W ."
I shall not discuss it here .
Even then , I was not such a fool as not to mean to be reconciled in time ; but I was the injured person , injured by her coldness , and I went away determined that she should make the first advances .-- I shall always congratulate myself that you were not of the Box Hill party .
Have patience with me , I shall soon have done .-- She closed with this offer , resolving to break with me entirely , and wrote the next day to tell me that we never were to meet again .-- _She_ _felt_ _the_ _engagement_ _to_ _be_ _a_ _source_ _of_ _repentance_ _and_ _misery_ _to_ _each_ : _she_ _dissolved_ _it_ .-- This letter reached me on the very morning of my poor aunt ' s death .
" I shall be very glad to look it over ," said he ; " but it seems long .
" I would rather be talking to you ," he replied ; " but as it seems a matter of justice , it shall be done ."
By doing it , I shall feel that I am near you .
I shall soon have done .
You and I shall not want opportunities .
no ; Perry shall have all the credit ."
" She has had the advantage , you know , of practising on me ," she continued --" like La Baronne d ' Almane on La Comtesse d ' Ostalis , in Madame de Genlis ' Adelaide and Theodore , and we shall now see her own little Adelaide educated on a more perfect plan ."
When the Campbells are returned , we shall meet them in London , and continue there , I trust , till we may carry her northward .-- But now , I am at such a distance from her -- is not it hard , Miss Woodhouse ?-- Till this morning , we have not once met since the day of reconciliation .
Picture to yourselves my amazement ; I shall not easily forget Admiral Baldwin .
I shall forget my own name soon , I suppose .
" Where shall we go ?"
and this , without much waiting for an answer ; or in the young ladies ' addition of , " I hope we shall be in Bath in the winter ; but remember , papa , if we do go , we must be in a good situation : none of your Queen Squares for us !"
or in the anxious supplement from Mary , of -- " Upon my word , I shall be pretty well off , when you are all gone away to be happy at Bath !"
And on Mrs Musgrove ' s side , it was , " I make a rule of never interfering in any of my daughter - in - law ' s concerns , for I know it would not do ; but I shall tell you , Miss Anne , because you may be able to set things to rights , that I have no very good opinion of Mrs Charles ' s nursery - maid : I hear strange stories of her ; she is always upon the gad ; and from my own knowledge , I can declare , she is such a fine - dressing lady , that she is enough to ruin any servants she comes near .
I dare say we shall have nothing to distress us .
I shall certainly go ; I am sure I ought if I can , quite as much as Charles , for they want me excessively to be acquainted with Captain Wentworth , and I know you do not mind being left alone .
It is Anne ' s own proposal , and so I shall go with you , which will be a great deal better , for I have not dined at the other house since Tuesday ."
" Something a little inferior I shall of course put up with , but it must not be much .
If I am a fool , I shall be a fool indeed , for I have thought on the subject more than most men ."
I shall never forget his happiness .
We shall never forget what you did ."
I hate to hear of women on board , or to see them on board ; and no ship under my command shall ever convey a family of ladies anywhere , if I can help it ."
When he is married , if we have the good luck to live to another war , we shall see him do as you and I , and a great many others , have done .
We shall have him very thankful to anybody that will bring him his wife ."
" Ay , that we shall ."
I can only say , ` No , I shall not ;' and then they say again , ` Yes , you will ,' and there is an end of it ."
No , no ; Henrietta might do worse than marry Charles Hayter ; and if she has him , and Louisa can get Captain Wentworth , I shall be very well satisfied ."
we shall certainly take that post ."
" Well , as your joint acquaintance , then , I shall be very happy to see Captain Benwick ."
" I hope I shall remember , in future ," said Lady Russell , as soon as they were reseated in the carriage , " not to call at Uppercross in the Christmas holidays ."
when shall I leave you again ?"
" Yes ," sighed Anne , " we shall , indeed , be known to be related to them !"
You talk of being proud ; I am called proud , I know , and I shall not wish to believe myself otherwise ; for our pride , if investigated , would have the same object , I have no doubt , though the kind may seem a little different .
She has plenty of money , and I intend she shall buy all the high - priced things I have in hand now ."
I dare say I shall catch it ; and my sore - throats , you know , are always worse than anybody ' s ."
In the first place , I had a note from Mrs Croft yesterday , offering to convey anything to you ; a very kind , friendly note indeed , addressed to me , just as it ought ; I shall therefore be able to make my letter as long as I like .
I shall be truly glad to have them back again .
I shall be surprised at least if you ever received a hint of it , for I never did .
But here comes a friend , Captain Brigden ; I shall only say , ` How d ' ye do ?'
I shall not stop .
" Well , now you shall hear something that will surprise you .
if these are your only objections ," cried Mrs Smith , archly , " Mr Elliot is safe , and I shall give myself no more trouble about him .
Should he ever propose to me ( which I have very little reason to imagine he has any thought of doing ), I shall not accept him .
I assure you I shall not .
Shall I mention to him your being in Bath ?
Shall I take any message ?"
Facts shall speak .
It would not be fair ; and yet you ought to have proof , for what is all this but assertion , and you shall have proof ."
" It will be more painful to me in some respects to be in company with him , but I shall know better what to do .
Make a civil message ; but I shall only leave my card .
It is a very fair match , as times go ; and I have liked Charles Hayter all my life , and I shall not leave off now ."
It shall be a regular party , small , but most elegant ."
You may do as you like , but I shall go to the play ."
" Granting your assertion that the world does all this so soon for men ( which , however , I do not think I shall grant ), it does not apply to Benwick .
" True ," said Anne , " very true ; I did not recollect ; but what shall we say now , Captain Harville ?
" We shall never agree upon this question ," Captain Harville was beginning to say , when a slight noise called their attention to Captain Wentworth ' s hitherto perfectly quiet division of the room .
I shall have done in five minutes ."
Well , Miss Elliot ," ( lowering his voice ,) " as I was saying we shall never agree , I suppose , upon this point .
" Perhaps I shall .
" But how shall we prove anything ?"
" We never shall .
" Yes ," said he , " very true ; here we separate , but Harville and I shall soon be after you ; that is , Harville , if you are ready , I am in half a minute .
I shall be at your service in half a minute ."
" I must go , uncertain of my fate ; but I shall return hither , or follow your party , as soon as possible .
Because , if you are , I shall have no scruple in asking you to take my place , and give Anne your arm to her father ' s door .
But , then , if Mrs . Dashwood should live fifteen years we shall be completely taken in ."
When my mother removes into another house my services shall be readily given to accommodate her as far as I can .
We shall miss her ; but SHE will be happy ."
Mamma , how shall we do without her ?"
We shall live within a few miles of each other , and shall meet every day of our lives .
Mama , the more I know of the world , the more am I convinced that I shall never see a man whom I can really love .
" I shall very soon think him handsome , Elinor , if I do not now .
When you tell me to love him as a brother , I shall no more see imperfection in his face , than I now do in his heart ."
I shall not lose you so soon , and Edward will have greater opportunity of improving that natural taste for your favourite pursuit which must be so indispensably necessary to your future felicity .
said Marianne , as she wandered alone before the house , on the last evening of their being there ; " when shall I cease to regret you !-- when learn to feel a home elsewhere !-- Oh !
Perhaps in the spring , if I have plenty of money , as I dare say I shall , we may think about building .
I shall see how much I am before - hand with the world in the spring , and we will plan our improvements accordingly ."
You shall find me as stubborn as you can be artful .
You shall share its use with me .
I shall keep it only till you can claim it .
When you leave Barton to form your own establishment in a more lasting home , Queen Mab shall receive you ."
" We must go ," said Sir John .--" It shall not be put off when we are so near it .
" I hope we shall see you at Barton ," added her ladyship , " as soon as you can conveniently leave town ; and we must put off the party to Whitwell till you return ."
he must and shall come back ," cried Sir John .
" If he is not here by the end of the week , I shall go after him ."
I shall then go post ."
Tell me that not only your house will remain the same , but that I shall ever find you and yours as unchanged as your dwelling ; and that you will always consider me with the kindness which has made everything belonging to you so dear to me ."
" Shall we see you tomorrow to dinner ?"
" I have only to add , my dear Willoughby , that at Barton cottage you will always be welcome ; for I will not press you to return here immediately , because you only can judge how far THAT might be pleasing to Mrs . Smith ; and on this head I shall be no more disposed to question your judgment than to doubt your inclination ."
I have explained it to myself in the most satisfactory way ;-- but you , Elinor , who love to doubt where you can -- it will not satisfy YOU , I know ; but you shall not talk ME out of my trust in it .
I know Marianne ' s heart : I know that she dearly loves me , and that I shall not be the last to whom the affair is made known , when circumstances make the revealment of it eligible .
" I shall not attempt it .
I have no wish to be distinguished ; and have every reason to hope I never shall .
YOUR competence and MY wealth are very much alike , I dare say ; and without them , as the world goes now , we shall both agree that every kind of external comfort must be wanting .
" I am going into the village to see my horses ," said be , " as you are not yet ready for breakfast ; I shall be back again presently ."
This was a subject which ensured Marianne ' s attention , and she was beginning to describe her own admiration of these scenes , and to question him more minutely on the objects that had particularly struck him , when Edward interrupted her by saying , " You must not enquire too far , Marianne -- remember I have no knowledge in the picturesque , and I shall offend you by my ignorance and want of taste if we come to particulars .
I shall call hills steep , which ought to be bold ; surfaces strange and uncouth , which ought to be irregular and rugged ; and distant objects out of sight , which ought only to be indistinct through the soft medium of a hazy atmosphere .
" You MUST drink tea with us to night ," said he , " for we shall be quite alone -- and tomorrow you must absolutely dine with us , for we shall be a large party ."
you thought nobody could dance because a certain person that shall be nameless is gone !"
Shall I tell you my guess ?"
" Shall I tell you ."
" Now , Palmer , you shall see a monstrous pretty girl ."
I am so sorry we cannot stay longer ; however we shall meet again in town very soon , I hope ."
cried Mrs . Palmer , with a laugh , " I shall be quite disappointed if you do not .
I am sure I shall be very happy to chaperon you at any time till I am confined , if Mrs . Dashwood should not like to go into public ."
You cannot think how happy I shall be !
" But indeed you must and shall come .
How I shall laugh !
I am monstrous glad of it , for then I shall have her for a neighbour you know ."
" I am so glad we are got acquainted at last ," continued Charlotte .--" And now I hope we shall always be great friends .
" Do come now ," said he --" pray come -- you must come -- I declare you shall come -- You can ' t think how you will like them .
I shall have no fortune , and I fancy she is an exceeding proud woman ."
I shall go to the piano - forte ; I have not touched it since it was tuned ."
" Indeed I shall be very much obliged to you for your help ," cried Lucy , " for I find there is more to be done to it than I thought there was ; and it would be a shocking thing to disappoint dear Annamaria after all ."
" Indeed , I can easily believe that it was a very great relief to you , to acknowledge your situation to me , and be assured that you shall never have reason to repent it .
" Shall you be in town this winter , Miss Dashwood ?"
We three shall be able to go very well in my chaise ; and when we are in town , if you do not like to go wherever I do , well and good , you may always go with one of my daughters .
I am sure your mother will not object to it ; for I have had such good luck in getting my own children off my hands that she will think me a very fit person to have the charge of you ; and if I don ' t get one of you at least well married before I have done with you , it shall not be my fault .
I shall speak a good word for you to all the young men , you may depend upon it ."
" Nay ," cried Mrs . Jennings , " I am sure I shall be monstrous glad of Miss Marianne ' s company , whether Miss Dashwood will go or not , only the more the merrier say I , and I thought it would be more comfortable for them to be together ; because , if they got tired of me , they might talk to one another , and laugh at my old ways behind my back .
Margaret and I shall be as much benefited by it as yourselves .
When you and the Middletons are gone , we shall go on so quietly and happily together with our books and our music !
Elinor had often wished for an opportunity of attempting to weaken her mother ' s dependence on the attachment of Edward and herself , that the shock might be less when the whole truth were revealed , and now on this attack , though almost hopeless of success , she forced herself to begin her design by saying , as calmly as she could , " I like Edward Ferrars very much , and shall always be glad to see him ; but as to the rest of the family , it is a matter of perfect indifference to me , whether I am ever known to them or not ."
At this time of the year , and after such a series of rain , we shall certainly have very little more of it .
" At any rate ," said Elinor , wishing to prevent Mrs . Jennings from seeing her sister ' s thoughts as clearly as she did , " I dare say we shall have Sir John and Lady Middleton in town by the end of next week ."
The clouds seem parting too , the sun will be out in a moment , and we shall have a clear afternoon ."
" Aye , aye ," said Mrs . Jennings , " we know the reason of all that very well ; if a certain person who shall be nameless , had been there , you would not have been a bit tired : and to say the truth it was not very pretty of him not to give you the meeting when he was invited ."
Tell him I must see him again -- must speak to him instantly .-- I cannot rest -- I shall not have a moment ' s peace till this is explained -- some dreadful misapprehension or other .-- Oh go to him this moment ."
I shall never reflect on my former acquaintance with your family in Devonshire without the most grateful pleasure , and flatter myself it will not be broken by any mistake or misapprehension of my actions .
My esteem for your whole family is very sincere ; but if I have been so unfortunate as to give rise to a belief of more than I felt , or meant to express , I shall reproach myself for not having been more guarded in my professions of that esteem .
At any rate I shall expect you to - morrow .
Tell me what it is , explain the grounds on which you acted , and I shall be satisfied , in being able to satisfy you .
And so I shall always say , my dear , you may depend on it .
Well , by - and - by we shall have a few friends , and that will amuse her a little .
What shall we play at ?
I shall persuade her if I can to go early to bed , for I am sure she wants rest ."
But I shall see them tomorrow ."
Well , I shall spirit up the Colonel as soon as I can .
" Ay , if we can do THAT , Ma ' am ," said Elinor , " we shall do very well with or without Colonel Brandon ."
" That a gentleman , whom I had reason to think -- in short , that a man , whom I KNEW to be engaged -- but how shall I tell you ?
" You shall ; and , to be brief , when I quitted Barton last October ,-- but this will give you no idea -- I must go farther back .
A short account of myself , I believe , will be necessary , and it SHALL be a short one .
" No , I do not think we shall ."
But tomorrow I think I shall certainly be able to call in Berkeley Street , and be introduced to your friend Mrs . Jennings .
As my mother - in - law ' s relations , I shall be happy to show them every respect .
Colonel Brandon must be the man ; and no civility shall be wanting on my part to make him pleased with you and your family .
I know very little of Dorsetshire ; but , my dear Elinor , I shall be exceedingly glad to know more of it ; and I think I can answer for your having Fanny and myself among the earliest and best pleased of your visitors ."
" I shall have a charming account to carry to Fanny ," said he , as he walked back with his sister .
Good gracious !-- In a moment I shall see the person that all my happiness depends on -- that is to be my mother !"
" Indeed I am perfectly convinced of your regard for me , and next to Edward ' s love , it is the greatest comfort I have .-- Poor Edward !-- But now there is one good thing , we shall be able to meet , and meet pretty often , for Lady Middleton ' s delighted with Mrs . Dashwood , so we shall be a good deal in Harley Street , I dare say , and Edward spends half his time with his sister -- besides , Lady Middleton and Mrs . Ferrars will visit now ;-- and Mrs . Ferrars and your sister were both so good to say more than once , they should always be glad to see me .-- They are such charming women !-- I am sure if ever you tell your sister what I think of her , you cannot speak too high ."
In a week or two , I suppose , we shall be going ; and , I trust , Edward will not be very unwilling to accept the charge ."
But you shall hear it all .-- When I got to Mr . Palmer ' s , I found Charlotte quite in a fuss about the child .
She says she never shall think well of anybody again ; and one cannot wonder at it , after being so deceived !-- meeting with such ingratitude , where so much kindness had been shewn , so much confidence had been placed !
I shall say directly , ' I wonder how you could think of such a thing ?
We have had great trials , and great persecutions , but however , at the same time , gratefully acknowledge many friends , yourself not the least among them , whose great kindness I shall always thankfully remember , as will Edward too , who I have told of it .
Colonel , I do not know what you and I shall do without the Miss Dashwoods ;"-- was Mrs . Jennings ' s address to him when he first called on her , after their leaving her was settled --" for they are quite resolved upon going home from the Palmers ;-- and how forlorn we shall be , when I come back !-- Lord !
we shall sit and gape at one another as dull as two cats ."
" I shall always think myself very much obliged to you ."
Well , my dear , I wish you joy of it again and again ; and if ever there was a happy couple in the world , I think I shall soon know where to look for them ."
But , however , we may have it all over in the evening ; for we shall be quite alone .
" Certainly , ma ' am , I shall tell Marianne of it ; but I shall not mention it at present to any body else ."
I shall do THAT directly .
" When I see him again ," said Elinor to herself , as the door shut him out , " I shall see him the husband of Lucy ."
Take my word for it , that , if I am alive , I shall be paying a visit at Delaford Parsonage before Michaelmas ; and I am sure I sha ' nt go if Lucy an ' t there ."
" I shall never see her , if she goes by London ."
" No , sir ," she replied with firmness , " I shall NOT stay .
But she shall forgive me again , and on more reasonable grounds .-- NOW will you listen to me ?"
" I do not know ," said he , after a pause of expectation on her side , and thoughtfulness on his own ,--" how YOU may have accounted for my behaviour to your sister , or what diabolical motive you may have imputed to me .-- Perhaps you will hardly think the better of me ,-- it is worth the trial however , and you shall hear every thing .
Her sorrow , her disappointment , her deep regret , when I told her that I was obliged to leave Devonshire so immediately -- I never shall forget it -- united too with such reliance , such confidence in me !-- Oh , God !-- what a hard - hearted rascal I was !"
I say awakened , because time and London , business and dissipation , had in some measure quieted it , and I had been growing a fine hardened villain , fancying myself indifferent to her , and chusing to fancy that she too must have become indifferent to me ; talking to myself of our past attachment as a mere idle , trifling business , shrugging up my shoulders in proof of its being so , and silencing every reproach , overcoming every scruple , by secretly saying now and then , ' I shall be heartily glad to hear she is well married .'
I shall now go away and live in dread of one event ."
To Mrs . Jennings , to the Middletons , he has been long and intimately known ; they equally love and respect him ; and even my own knowledge of him , though lately acquired , is very considerable ; and so highly do I value and esteem him , that if Marianne can be happy with him , I shall be as ready as yourself to think our connection the greatest blessing to us in the world .
I know we shall be happy .
I mean never to be later in rising than six , and from that time till dinner I shall divide every moment between music and reading .
By reading only six hours a - day , I shall gain in the course of a twelve - month a great deal of instruction which I now feel myself to want ."
" I am thankful to find that I can look with so little pain on the spot !-- shall we ever talk on that subject , Elinor ?"
I have laid down my plan , and if I am capable of adhering to it -- my feelings shall be governed and my temper improved .
They shall no longer worry others , nor torture myself .
I shall now live solely for my family .
> From you , from my home , I shall never again have the smallest incitement to move ; and if I do mix in other society , it will be only to shew that my spirit is humbled , my heart amended , and that I can practise the civilities , the lesser duties of life , with gentleness and forbearance .
As for Willoughby -- to say that I shall soon or that I shall ever forget him , would be idle .
But it shall be regulated , it shall be checked by religion , by reason , by constant employment ."
Sincerely wish you happy in your choice , and it shall not be my fault if we are not always good friends , as our near relationship now makes proper .
Your brother has gained my affections entirely , and as we could not live without one another , we are just returned from the altar , and are now on our way to Dawlish for a few weeks , which place your dear brother has great curiosity to see , but thought I would first trouble you with these few lines , and shall always remain ,
Perhaps , however , he is kept silent by his fear of offending , and I shall , therefore , give him a hint , by a line to Oxford , that his sister and I both think a letter of proper submission from him , addressed perhaps to Fanny , and by her shewn to her mother , might not be taken amiss ; for we all know the tenderness of Mrs . Ferrars ' s heart , and that she wishes for nothing so much as to be on good terms with her children ."
He had nothing to urge against it , but still resisted the idea of a letter of proper submission ; and therefore , to make it easier to him , as he declared a much greater willingness to make mean concessions by word of mouth than on paper , it was resolved that , instead of writing to Fanny , he should go to London , and personally intreat her good offices in his favour .-- " And if they really DO interest themselves ," said Marianne , in her new character of candour , " in bringing about a reconciliation , I shall think that even John and Fanny are not entirely without merit ."
1 : 29 And God said , Behold , I have given you every herb bearing seed , which is upon the face of all the earth , and every tree , in the which is the fruit of a tree yielding seed ; to you it shall be for meat .
2 : 23 And Adam said , This is now bone of my bones , and flesh of my flesh : she shall be called Woman , because she was taken out of Man .
2 : 24 Therefore shall a man leave his father and his mother , and shall cleave unto his wife : and they shall be one flesh .
And he said unto the woman , Yea , hath God said , Ye shall not eat of every tree of the garden ?
3 : 2 And the woman said unto the serpent , We may eat of the fruit of the trees of the garden : 3 : 3 But of the fruit of the tree which is in the midst of the garden , God hath said , Ye shall not eat of it , neither shall ye touch it , lest ye die .
3 : 4 And the serpent said unto the woman , Ye shall not surely die : 3 : 5 For God doth know that in the day ye eat thereof , then your eyes shall be opened , and ye shall be as gods , knowing good and evil .
3 : 14 And the LORD God said unto the serpent , Because thou hast done this , thou art cursed above all cattle , and above every beast of the field ; upon thy belly shalt thou go , and dust shalt thou eat all the days of thy life : 3 : 15 And I will put enmity between thee and the woman , and between thy seed and her seed ; it shall bruise thy head , and thou shalt bruise his heel .
3 : 16 Unto the woman he said , I will greatly multiply thy sorrow and thy conception ; in sorrow thou shalt bring forth children ; and thy desire shall be to thy husband , and he shall rule over thee .
3 : 17 And unto Adam he said , Because thou hast hearkened unto the voice of thy wife , and hast eaten of the tree , of which I commanded thee , saying , Thou shalt not eat of it : cursed is the ground for thy sake ; in sorrow shalt thou eat of it all the days of thy life ; 3 : 18 Thorns also and thistles shall it bring forth to thee ; and thou shalt eat the herb of the field ; 3 : 19 In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread , till thou return unto the ground ; for out of it wast thou taken : for dust thou art , and unto dust shalt thou return .
And unto thee shall be his desire , and thou shalt rule over him .
4 : 11 And now art thou cursed from the earth , which hath opened her mouth to receive thy brother ' s blood from thy hand ; 4 : 12 When thou tillest the ground , it shall not henceforth yield unto thee her strength ; a fugitive and a vagabond shalt thou be in the earth .
4 : 14 Behold , thou hast driven me out this day from the face of the earth ; and from thy face shall I be hid ; and I shall be a fugitive and a vagabond in the earth ; and it shall come to pass , that every one that findeth me shall slay me .
4 : 15 And the LORD said unto him , Therefore whosoever slayeth Cain , vengeance shall be taken on him sevenfold .
4 : 24 If Cain shall be avenged sevenfold , truly Lamech seventy and sevenfold .
5 : 28 And Lamech lived an hundred eighty and two years , and begat a son : 5 : 29 And he called his name Noah , saying , This same shall comfort us concerning our work and toil of our hands , because of the ground which the LORD hath cursed .
6 : 3 And the LORD said , My spirit shall not always strive with man , for that he also is flesh : yet his days shall be an hundred and twenty years .
6 : 15 And this is the fashion which thou shalt make it of : The length of the ark shall be three hundred cubits , the breadth of it fifty cubits , and the height of it thirty cubits .
6 : 17 And , behold , I , even I , do bring a flood of waters upon the earth , to destroy all flesh , wherein is the breath of life , from under heaven ; and every thing that is in the earth shall die .
6 : 19 And of every living thing of all flesh , two of every sort shalt thou bring into the ark , to keep them alive with thee ; they shall be male and female .
6 : 20 Of fowls after their kind , and of cattle after their kind , of every creeping thing of the earth after his kind , two of every sort shall come unto thee , to keep them alive .
6 : 21 And take thou unto thee of all food that is eaten , and thou shalt gather it to thee ; and it shall be for food for thee , and for them .
8 : 22 While the earth remaineth , seedtime and harvest , and cold and heat , and summer and winter , and day and night shall not cease .
9 : 2 And the fear of you and the dread of you shall be upon every beast of the earth , and upon every fowl of the air , upon all that moveth upon the earth , and upon all the fishes of the sea ; into your hand are they delivered .
9 : 3 Every moving thing that liveth shall be meat for you ; even as the green herb have I given you all things .
9 : 4 But flesh with the life thereof , which is the blood thereof , shall ye not eat .
9 : 6 Whoso sheddeth man ' s blood , by man shall his blood be shed : for in the image of God made he man .
9 : 11 And I will establish my covenant with you , neither shall all flesh be cut off any more by the waters of a flood ; neither shall there any more be a flood to destroy the earth .
9 : 12 And God said , This is the token of the covenant which I make between me and you and every living creature that is with you , for perpetual generations : 9 : 13 I do set my bow in the cloud , and it shall be for a token of a covenant between me and the earth .
9 : 14 And it shall come to pass , when I bring a cloud over the earth , that the bow shall be seen in the cloud : 9 : 15 And I will remember my covenant , which is between me and you and every living creature of all flesh ; and the waters shall no more become a flood to destroy all flesh .
9 : 16 And the bow shall be in the cloud ; and I will look upon it , that I may remember the everlasting covenant between God and every living creature of all flesh that is upon the earth .
9 : 25 And he said , Cursed be Canaan ; a servant of servants shall he be unto his brethren .
9 : 26 And he said , Blessed be the LORD God of Shem ; and Canaan shall be his servant .
9 : 27 God shall enlarge Japheth , and he shall dwell in the tents of Shem ; and Canaan shall be his servant .
12 : 1 Now the LORD had said unto Abram , Get thee out of thy country , and from thy kindred , and from thy father ' s house , unto a land that I will shew thee : 12 : 2 And I will make of thee a great nation , and I will bless thee , and make thy name great ; and thou shalt be a blessing : 12 : 3 And I will bless them that bless thee , and curse him that curseth thee : and in thee shall all families of the earth be blessed .
12 : 11 And it came to pass , when he was come near to enter into Egypt , that he said unto Sarai his wife , Behold now , I know that thou art a fair woman to look upon : 12 : 12 Therefore it shall come to pass , when the Egyptians shall see thee , that they shall say , This is his wife : and they will kill me , but they will save thee alive .
12 : 13 Say , I pray thee , thou art my sister : that it may be well with me for thy sake ; and my soul shall live because of thee .
13 : 16 And I will make thy seed as the dust of the earth : so that if a man can number the dust of the earth , then shall thy seed also be numbered .
15 : 4 And , behold , the word of the LORD came unto him , saying , This shall not be thine heir ; but he that shall come forth out of thine own bowels shall be thine heir .
15 : 5 And he brought him forth abroad , and said , Look now toward heaven , and tell the stars , if thou be able to number them : and he said unto him , So shall thy seed be .
15 : 8 And he said , LORD God , whereby shall I know that I shall inherit it ?
15 : 13 And he said unto Abram , Know of a surety that thy seed shall be a stranger in a land that is not their ' s , and shall serve them ; and they shall afflict them four hundred years ; 15 : 14 And also that nation , whom they shall serve , will I judge : and afterward shall they come out with great substance .
15 : 16 But in the fourth generation they shall come hither again : for the iniquity of the Amorites is not yet full .
16 : 10 And the angel of the LORD said unto her , I will multiply thy seed exceedingly , that it shall not be numbered for multitude .
16 : 12 And he will be a wild man ; his hand will be against every man , and every man ' s hand against him ; and he shall dwell in the presence of all his brethren .
17 : 5 Neither shall thy name any more be called Abram , but thy name shall be Abraham ; for a father of many nations have I made thee .
17 : 6 And I will make thee exceeding fruitful , and I will make nations of thee , and kings shall come out of thee .
17 : 10 This is my covenant , which ye shall keep , between me and you and thy seed after thee ; Every man child among you shall be circumcised .
17 : 11 And ye shall circumcise the flesh of your foreskin ; and it shall be a token of the covenant betwixt me and you .
17 : 12 And he that is eight days old shall be circumcised among you , every man child in your generations , he that is born in the house , or bought with money of any stranger , which is not of thy seed .
17 : 13 He that is born in thy house , and he that is bought with thy money , must needs be circumcised : and my covenant shall be in your flesh for an everlasting covenant .
17 : 14 And the uncircumcised man child whose flesh of his foreskin is not circumcised , that soul shall be cut off from his people ; he hath broken my covenant .
17 : 15 And God said unto Abraham , As for Sarai thy wife , thou shalt not call her name Sarai , but Sarah shall her name be .
17 : 16 And I will bless her , and give thee a son also of her : yea , I will bless her , and she shall be a mother of nations ; kings of people shall be of her .
17 : 17 Then Abraham fell upon his face , and laughed , and said in his heart , Shall a child be born unto him that is an hundred years old ?
and shall Sarah , that is ninety years old , bear ?
17 : 19 And God said , Sarah thy wife shall bear thee a son indeed ; and thou shalt call his name Isaac : and I will establish my covenant with him for an everlasting covenant , and with his seed after him .
17 : 20 And as for Ishmael , I have heard thee : Behold , I have blessed him , and will make him fruitful , and will multiply him exceedingly ; twelve princes shall he beget , and I will make him a great nation .
17 : 21 But my covenant will I establish with Isaac , which Sarah shall bear unto thee at this set time in the next year .
18 : 1 And the LORD appeared unto him in the plains of Mamre : and he sat in the tent door in the heat of the day ; 18 : 2 And he lift up his eyes and looked , and , lo , three men stood by him : and when he saw them , he ran to meet them from the tent door , and bowed himself toward the ground , 18 : 3 And said , My LORD , if now I have found favour in thy sight , pass not away , I pray thee , from thy servant : 18 : 4 Let a little water , I pray you , be fetched , and wash your feet , and rest yourselves under the tree : 18 : 5 And I will fetch a morsel of bread , and comfort ye your hearts ; after that ye shall pass on : for therefore are ye come to your servant .
18 : 10 And he said , I will certainly return unto thee according to the time of life ; and , lo , Sarah thy wife shall have a son .
18 : 12 Therefore Sarah laughed within herself , saying , After I am waxed old shall I have pleasure , my lord being old also ?
18 : 13 And the LORD said unto Abraham , Wherefore did Sarah laugh , saying , Shall I of a surety bear a child , which am old ?
At the time appointed I will return unto thee , according to the time of life , and Sarah shall have a son .
18 : 17 And the LORD said , Shall I hide from Abraham that thing which I do ; 18 : 18 Seeing that Abraham shall surely become a great and mighty nation , and all the nations of the earth shall be blessed in him ?
18 : 19 For I know him , that he will command his children and his household after him , and they shall keep the way of the LORD , to do justice and judgment ; that the LORD may bring upon Abraham that which he hath spoken of him .
18 : 25 That be far from thee to do after this manner , to slay the righteous with the wicked : and that the righteous should be as the wicked , that be far from thee : Shall not the Judge of all the earth do right ?
18 : 27 And Abraham answered and said , Behold now , I have taken upon me to speak unto the LORD , which am but dust and ashes : 18 : 28 Peradventure there shall lack five of the fifty righteous : wilt thou destroy all the city for lack of five ?
18 : 29 And he spake unto him yet again , and said , Peradventure there shall be forty found there .
18 : 30 And he said unto him , Oh let not the LORD be angry , and I will speak : Peradventure there shall thirty be found there .
18 : 31 And he said , Behold now , I have taken upon me to speak unto the LORD : Peradventure there shall be twenty found there .
18 : 32 And he said , Oh let not the LORD be angry , and I will speak yet but this once : Peradventure ten shall be found there .
19 : 1 And there came two angels to Sodom at even ; and Lot sat in the gate of Sodom : and Lot seeing them rose up to meet them ; and he bowed himself with his face toward the ground ; 19 : 2 And he said , Behold now , my lords , turn in , I pray you , into your servant ' s house , and tarry all night , and wash your feet , and ye shall rise up early , and go on your ways .
and my soul shall live .
20 : 7 Now therefore restore the man his wife ; for he is a prophet , and he shall pray for thee , and thou shalt live : and if thou restore her not , know thou that thou shalt surely die , thou , and all that are thine .
20 : 13 And it came to pass , when God caused me to wander from my father ' s house , that I said unto her , This is thy kindness which thou shalt shew unto me ; at every place whither we shall come , say of me , He is my brother .
21 : 10 Wherefore she said unto Abraham , Cast out this bondwoman and her son : for the son of this bondwoman shall not be heir with my son , even with Isaac .
21 : 12 And God said unto Abraham , Let it not be grievous in thy sight because of the lad , and because of thy bondwoman ; in all that Sarah hath said unto thee , hearken unto her voice ; for in Isaac shall thy seed be called .
22 : 14 And Abraham called the name of that place Jehovahjireh : as it is said to this day , In the mount of the LORD it shall be seen .
22 : 15 And the angel of the LORD called unto Abraham out of heaven the second time , 22 : 16 And said , By myself have I sworn , saith the LORD , for because thou hast done this thing , and hast not withheld thy son , thine only son : 22 : 17 That in blessing I will bless thee , and in multiplying I will multiply thy seed as the stars of the heaven , and as the sand which is upon the sea shore ; and thy seed shall possess the gate of his enemies ; 22 : 18 And in thy seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed ; because thou hast obeyed my voice .
23 : 5 And the children of Heth answered Abraham , saying unto him , 23 : 6 Hear us , my lord : thou art a mighty prince among us : in the choice of our sepulchres bury thy dead ; none of us shall withhold from thee his sepulchre , but that thou mayest bury thy dead .
23 : 8 And he communed with them , saying , If it be your mind that I should bury my dead out of my sight ; hear me , and intreat for me to Ephron the son of Zohar , 23 : 9 That he may give me the cave of Machpelah , which he hath , which is in the end of his field ; for as much money as it is worth he shall give it me for a possession of a buryingplace amongst you .
24 : 7 The LORD God of heaven , which took me from my father ' s house , and from the land of my kindred , and which spake unto me , and that sware unto me , saying , Unto thy seed will I give this land ; he shall send his angel before thee , and thou shalt take a wife unto my son from thence .
24 : 13 Behold , I stand here by the well of water ; and the daughters of the men of the city come out to draw water : 24 : 14 And let it come to pass , that the damsel to whom I shall say , Let down thy pitcher , I pray thee , that I may drink ; and she shall say , Drink , and I will give thy camels drink also : let the same be she that thou hast appointed for thy servant Isaac ; and thereby shall I know that thou hast shewed kindness unto my master .
24 : 42 And I came this day unto the well , and said , O LORD God of my master Abraham , if now thou do prosper my way which I go : 24 : 43 Behold , I stand by the well of water ; and it shall come to pass , that when the virgin cometh forth to draw water , and I say to her , Give me , I pray thee , a little water of thy pitcher to drink ; 24 : 44 And she say to me , Both drink thou , and I will also draw for thy camels : let the same be the woman whom the LORD hath appointed out for my master ' s son .
24 : 55 And her brother and her mother said , Let the damsel abide with us a few days , at the least ten ; after that she shall go .
25 : 23 And the LORD said unto her , Two nations are in thy womb , and two manner of people shall be separated from thy bowels ; and the one people shall be stronger than the other people ; and the elder shall serve the younger .
25 : 32 And Esau said , Behold , I am at the point to die : and what profit shall this birthright do to me ?
26 : 2 And the LORD appeared unto him , and said , Go not down into Egypt ; dwell in the land which I shall tell thee of : 26 : 3 Sojourn in this land , and I will be with thee , and will bless thee ; for unto thee , and unto thy seed , I will give all these countries , and I will perform the oath which I sware unto Abraham thy father ; 26 : 4 And I will make thy seed to multiply as the stars of heaven , and will give unto thy seed all these countries ; and in thy seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed ; 26 : 5 Because that Abraham obeyed my voice , and kept my charge , my commandments , my statutes , and my laws .
26 : 11 And Abimelech charged all his people , saying , He that toucheth this man or his wife shall surely be put to death .
26 : 22 And he removed from thence , and digged another well ; and for that they strove not : and he called the name of it Rehoboth ; and he said , For now the LORD hath made room for us , and we shall be fruitful in the land .
27 : 11 And Jacob said to Rebekah his mother , Behold , Esau my brother is a hairy man , and I am a smooth man : 27 : 12 My father peradventure will feel me , and I shall seem to him as a deceiver ; and I shall bring a curse upon me , and not a blessing .
yea , and he shall be blessed .
27 : 37 And Isaac answered and said unto Esau , Behold , I have made him thy lord , and all his brethren have I given to him for servants ; and with corn and wine have I sustained him : and what shall I do now unto thee , my son ?
27 : 39 And Isaac his father answered and said unto him , Behold , thy dwelling shall be the fatness of the earth , and of the dew of heaven from above ; 27 : 40 And by thy sword shalt thou live , and shalt serve thy brother ; and it shall come to pass when thou shalt have the dominion , that thou shalt break his yoke from off thy neck .
27 : 46 And Rebekah said to Isaac , I am weary of my life because of the daughters of Heth : if Jacob take a wife of the daughters of Heth , such as these which are of the daughters of the land , what good shall my life do me ?
28 : 13 And , behold , the LORD stood above it , and said , I am the LORD God of Abraham thy father , and the God of Isaac : the land whereon thou liest , to thee will I give it , and to thy seed ; 28 : 14 And thy seed shall be as the dust of the earth , and thou shalt spread abroad to the west , and to the east , and to the north , and to the south : and in thee and in thy seed shall all the families of the earth be blessed .
28 : 20 And Jacob vowed a vow , saying , If God will be with me , and will keep me in this way that I go , and will give me bread to eat , and raiment to put on , 28 : 21 So that I come again to my father ' s house in peace ; then shall the LORD be my God : 28 : 22 And this stone , which I have set for a pillar , shall be God ' s house : and of all that thou shalt give me I will surely give the tenth unto thee .
tell me , what shall thy wages be ?
30 : 3 And she said , Behold my maid Bilhah , go in unto her ; and she shall bear upon my knees , that I may also have children by her .
And Rachel said , Therefore he shall lie with thee to night for thy son ' s mandrakes .
30 : 23 And she conceived , and bare a son ; and said , God hath taken away my reproach : 30 : 24 And she called his name Joseph ; and said , The LORD shall add to me another son .
30 : 30 For it was little which thou hadst before I came , and it is now increased unto a multitude ; and the LORD hath blessed thee since my coming : and now when shall I provide for mine own house also ?
30 : 31 And he said , What shall I give thee ?
30 : 32 I will pass through all thy flock to day , removing from thence all the speckled and spotted cattle , and all the brown cattle among the sheep , and the spotted and speckled among the goats : and of such shall be my hire .
30 : 33 So shall my righteousness answer for me in time to come , when it shall come for my hire before thy face : every one that is not speckled and spotted among the goats , and brown among the sheep , that shall be counted stolen with me .
31 : 8 If he said thus , The speckled shall be thy wages ; then all the cattle bare speckled : and if he said thus , The ringstraked shall be thy hire ; then bare all the cattle ringstraked .
32 : 4 And he commanded them , saying , Thus shall ye speak unto my lord Esau ; Thy servant Jacob saith thus , I have sojourned with Laban , and stayed there until now : 32 : 5 And I have oxen , and asses , flocks , and menservants , and womenservants : and I have sent to tell my lord , that I may find grace in thy sight .
32 : 7 Then Jacob was greatly afraid and distressed : and he divided the people that was with him , and the flocks , and herds , and the camels , into two bands ; 32 : 8 And said , If Esau come to the one company , and smite it , then the other company which is left shall escape .
32 : 19 And so commanded he the second , and the third , and all that followed the droves , saying , On this manner shall ye speak unto Esau , when ye find him .
32 : 28 And he said , Thy name shall be called no more Jacob , but Israel : for as a prince hast thou power with God and with men , and hast prevailed .
34 : 10 And ye shall dwell with us : and the land shall be before you ; dwell and trade ye therein , and get you possessions therein .
34 : 11 And Shechem said unto her father and unto her brethren , Let me find grace in your eyes , and what ye shall say unto me I will give .
34 : 12 Ask me never so much dowry and gift , and I will give according as ye shall say unto me : but give me the damsel to wife .
34 : 23 Shall not their cattle and their substance and every beast of their ' s be our ' s ?
34 : 30 And Jacob said to Simeon and Levi , Ye have troubled me to make me to stink among the inhabitants of the land , among the Canaanites and the Perizzites : and I being few in number , they shall gather themselves together against me , and slay me ; and I shall be destroyed , I and my house .
35 : 10 And God said unto him , Thy name is Jacob : thy name shall not be called any more Jacob , but Israel shall be thy name : and he called his name Israel .
35 : 11 And God said unto him , I am God Almighty : be fruitful and multiply ; a nation and a company of nations shall be of thee , and kings shall come out of thy loins ; 35 : 12 And the land which I gave Abraham and Isaac , to thee I will give it , and to thy seed after thee will I give the land .
Shall I and thy mother and thy brethren indeed come to bow down ourselves to thee to the earth ?
37 : 20 Come now therefore , and let us slay him , and cast him into some pit , and we will say , Some evil beast hath devoured him : and we shall see what will become of his dreams .
37 : 30 And he returned unto his brethren , and said , The child is not ; and I , whither shall I go ?
38 : 18 And he said , What pledge shall I give thee ?
40 : 12 And Joseph said unto him , This is the interpretation of it : The three branches are three days : 40 : 13 Yet within three days shall Pharaoh lift up thine head , and restore thee unto thy place : and thou shalt deliver Pharaoh ' s cup into his hand , after the former manner when thou wast his butler .
40 : 14 But think on me when it shall be well with thee , and shew kindness , I pray thee , unto me , and make mention of me unto Pharaoh , and bring me out of this house : 40 : 15 For indeed I was stolen away out of the land of the Hebrews : and here also have I done nothing that they should put me into the dungeon .
40 : 18 And Joseph answered and said , This is the interpretation thereof : The three baskets are three days : 40 : 19 Yet within three days shall Pharaoh lift up thy head from off thee , and shall hang thee on a tree ; and the birds shall eat thy flesh from off thee .
41 : 16 And Joseph answered Pharaoh , saying , It is not in me : God shall give Pharaoh an answer of peace .
41 : 27 And the seven thin and ill favoured kine that came up after them are seven years ; and the seven empty ears blasted with the east wind shall be seven years of famine .
41 : 29 Behold , there come seven years of great plenty throughout all the land of Egypt : 41 : 30 And there shall arise after them seven years of famine ; and all the plenty shall be forgotten in the land of Egypt ; and the famine shall consume the land ; 41 : 31 And the plenty shall not be known in the land by reason of that famine following ; for it shall be very grievous .
41 : 36 And that food shall be for store to the land against the seven years of famine , which shall be in the land of Egypt ; that the land perish not through the famine .
41 : 39 And Pharaoh said unto Joseph , Forasmuch as God hath shewed thee all this , there is none so discreet and wise as thou art : 41 : 40 Thou shalt be over my house , and according unto thy word shall all my people be ruled : only in the throne will I be greater than thou .
41 : 44 And Pharaoh said unto Joseph , I am Pharaoh , and without thee shall no man lift up his hand or foot in all the land of Egypt .
42 : 14 And Joseph said unto them , That is it that I spake unto you , saying , Ye are spies : 42 : 15 Hereby ye shall be proved : By the life of Pharaoh ye shall not go forth hence , except your youngest brother come hither .
42 : 16 Send one of you , and let him fetch your brother , and ye shall be kept in prison , that your words may be proved , whether there be any truth in you : or else by the life of Pharaoh surely ye are spies .
42 : 18 And Joseph said unto them the third day , This do , and live ; for I fear God : 42 : 19 If ye be true men , let one of your brethren be bound in the house of your prison : go ye , carry corn for the famine of your houses : 42 : 20 But bring your youngest brother unto me ; so shall your words be verified , and ye shall not die .
42 : 33 And the man , the lord of the country , said unto us , Hereby shall I know that ye are true men ; leave one of your brethren here with me , and take food for the famine of your households , and be gone : 42 : 34 And bring your youngest brother unto me : then shall I know that ye are no spies , but that ye are true men : so will I deliver you your brother , and ye shall traffick in the land .
42 : 38 And he said , My son shall not go down with you ; for his brother is dead , and he is left alone : if mischief befall him by the way in the which ye go , then shall ye bring down my gray hairs with sorrow to the grave .
43 : 3 And Judah spake unto him , saying , The man did solemnly protest unto us , saying , Ye shall not see my face , except your brother be with you .
43 : 4 If thou wilt send our brother with us , we will go down and buy thee food : 43 : 5 But if thou wilt not send him , we will not go down : for the man said unto us , Ye shall not see my face , except your brother be with you .
43 : 16 And when Joseph saw Benjamin with them , he said to the ruler of his house , Bring these men home , and slay , and make ready ; for these men shall dine with me at noon .
44 : 10 And he said , Now also let it be according unto your words : he with whom it is found shall be my servant ; and ye shall be blameless .
44 : 16 And Judah said , What shall we say unto my lord ?
what shall we speak ?
or how shall we clear ourselves ?
44 : 17 And he said , God forbid that I should do so : but the man in whose hand the cup is found , he shall be my servant ; and as for you , get you up in peace unto your father .
44 : 23 And thou saidst unto thy servants , Except your youngest brother come down with you , ye shall see my face no more .
44 : 27 And thy servant my father said unto us , Ye know that my wife bare me two sons : 44 : 28 And the one went out from me , and I said , Surely he is torn in pieces ; and I saw him not since : 44 : 29 And if ye take this also from me , and mischief befall him , ye shall bring down my gray hairs with sorrow to the grave .
44 : 30 Now therefore when I come to thy servant my father , and the lad be not with us ; seeing that his life is bound up in the lad ' s life ; 44 : 31 It shall come to pass , when he seeth that the lad is not with us , that he will die : and thy servants shall bring down the gray hairs of thy servant our father with sorrow to the grave .
44 : 32 For thy servant became surety for the lad unto my father , saying , If I bring him not unto thee , then I shall bear the blame to my father for ever .
44 : 34 For how shall I go up to my father , and the lad be not with me ?
lest peradventure I see the evil that shall come on my father .
45 : 6 For these two years hath the famine been in the land : and yet there are five years , in the which there shall neither be earing nor harvest .
45 : 13 And ye shall tell my father of all my glory in Egypt , and of all that ye have seen ; and ye shall haste and bring down my father hither .
45 : 17 And Pharaoh said unto Joseph , Say unto thy brethren , This do ye ; lade your beasts , and go , get you unto the land of Canaan ; 45 : 18 And take your father and your households , and come unto me : and I will give you the good of the land of Egypt , and ye shall eat the fat of the land .
46 : 3 And he said , I am God , the God of thy father : fear not to go down into Egypt ; for I will there make of thee a great nation : 46 : 4 I will go down with thee into Egypt ; and I will also surely bring thee up again : and Joseph shall put his hand upon thine eyes .
46 : 33 And it shall come to pass , when Pharaoh shall call you , and shall say , What is your occupation ?
46 : 34 That ye shall say , Thy servants ' trade hath been about cattle from our youth even until now , both we , and also our fathers : that ye may dwell in the land of Goshen ; for every shepherd is an abomination unto the Egyptians .
47 : 18 When that year was ended , they came unto him the second year , and said unto him , We will not hide it from my lord , how that our money is spent ; my lord also hath our herds of cattle ; there is not ought left in the sight of my lord , but our bodies , and our lands : 47 : 19 Wherefore shall we die before thine eyes , both we and our land ?
47 : 23 Then Joseph said unto the people , Behold , I have bought you this day and your land for Pharaoh : lo , here is seed for you , and ye shall sow the land .
47 : 24 And it shall come to pass in the increase , that ye shall give the fifth part unto Pharaoh , and four parts shall be your own , for seed of the field , and for your food , and for them of your households , and for food for your little ones .
48 : 5 And now thy two sons , Ephraim and Manasseh , which were born unto thee in the land of Egypt before I came unto thee into Egypt , are mine ; as Reuben and Simeon , they shall be mine .
48 : 6 And thy issue , which thou begettest after them , shall be thine , and shall be called after the name of their brethren in their inheritance .
48 : 19 And his father refused , and said , I know it , my son , I know it : he also shall become a people , and he also shall be great : but truly his younger brother shall be greater than he , and his seed shall become a multitude of nations .
48 : 20 And he blessed them that day , saying , In thee shall Israel bless , saying , God make thee as Ephraim and as Manasseh : and he set Ephraim before Manasseh .
48 : 21 And Israel said unto Joseph , Behold , I die : but God shall be with you , and bring you again unto the land of your fathers .
49 : 1 And Jacob called unto his sons , and said , Gather yourselves together , that I may tell you that which shall befall you in the last days .
49 : 8 Judah , thou art he whom thy brethren shall praise : thy hand shall be in the neck of thine enemies ; thy father ' s children shall bow down before thee .
49 : 9 Judah is a lion ' s whelp : from the prey , my son , thou art gone up : he stooped down , he couched as a lion , and as an old lion ; who shall rouse him up ?
49 : 10 The sceptre shall not depart from Judah , nor a lawgiver from between his feet , until Shiloh come ; and unto him shall the gathering of the people be .
49 : 11 Binding his foal unto the vine , and his ass ' s colt unto the choice vine ; he washed his garments in wine , and his clothes in the blood of grapes : 49 : 12 His eyes shall be red with wine , and his teeth white with milk .
49 : 13 Zebulun shall dwell at the haven of the sea ; and he shall be for an haven of ships ; and his border shall be unto Zidon .
49 : 16 Dan shall judge his people , as one of the tribes of Israel .
49 : 17 Dan shall be a serpent by the way , an adder in the path , that biteth the horse heels , so that his rider shall fall backward .
49 : 19 Gad , a troop shall overcome him : but he shall overcome at the last .
49 : 20 Out of Asher his bread shall be fat , and he shall yield royal dainties .
49 : 22 Joseph is a fruitful bough , even a fruitful bough by a well ; whose branches run over the wall : 49 : 23 The archers have sorely grieved him , and shot at him , and hated him : 49 : 24 But his bow abode in strength , and the arms of his hands were made strong by the hands of the mighty God of Jacob ; ( from thence is the shepherd , the stone of Israel :) 49 : 25 Even by the God of thy father , who shall help thee ; and by the Almighty , who shall bless thee with blessings of heaven above , blessings of the deep that lieth under , blessings of the breasts , and of the womb : 49 : 26 The blessings of thy father have prevailed above the blessings of my progenitors unto the utmost bound of the everlasting hills : they shall be on the head of Joseph , and on the crown of the head of him that was separate from his brethren .
49 : 27 Benjamin shall ravin as a wolf : in the morning he shall devour the prey , and at night he shall divide the spoil .
50 : 16 And they sent a messenger unto Joseph , saying , Thy father did command before he died , saying , 50 : 17 So shall ye say unto Joseph , Forgive , I pray thee now , the trespass of thy brethren , and their sin ; for they did unto thee evil : and now , we pray thee , forgive the trespass of the servants of the God of thy father .
50 : 25 And Joseph took an oath of the children of Israel , saying , God will surely visit you , and ye shall carry up my bones from hence .
1 : 15 And the king of Egypt spake to the Hebrew midwives , of which the name of the one was Shiphrah , and the name of the other Puah : 1 : 16 And he said , When ye do the office of a midwife to the Hebrew women , and see them upon the stools ; if it be a son , then ye shall kill him : but if it be a daughter , then she shall live .
1 : 22 And Pharaoh charged all his people , saying , Every son that is born ye shall cast into the river , and every daughter ye shall save alive .
2 : 7 Then said his sister to Pharaoh ' s daughter , Shall I go and call to thee a nurse of the Hebrew women , that she may nurse the child for thee ?
3 : 12 And he said , Certainly I will be with thee ; and this shall be a token unto thee , that I have sent thee : When thou hast brought forth the people out of Egypt , ye shall serve God upon this mountain .
3 : 13 And Moses said unto God , Behold , when I come unto the children of Israel , and shall say unto them , The God of your fathers hath sent me unto you ; and they shall say to me , What is his name ?
what shall I say unto them ?
3 : 18 And they shall hearken to thy voice : and thou shalt come , thou and the elders of Israel , unto the king of Egypt , and ye shall say unto him , The LORD God of the Hebrews hath met with us : and now let us go , we beseech thee , three days ' journey into the wilderness , that we may sacrifice to the LORD our God .
3 : 21 And I will give this people favour in the sight of the Egyptians : and it shall come to pass , that , when ye go , ye shall not go empty .
3 : 22 But every woman shall borrow of her neighbour , and of her that sojourneth in her house , jewels of silver , and jewels of gold , and raiment : and ye shall put them upon your sons , and upon your daughters ; and ye shall spoil the Egyptians .
4 : 8 And it shall come to pass , if they will not believe thee , neither hearken to the voice of the first sign , that they will believe the voice of the latter sign .
4 : 9 And it shall come to pass , if they will not believe also these two signs , neither hearken unto thy voice , that thou shalt take of the water of the river , and pour it upon the dry land : and the water which thou takest out of the river shall become blood upon the dry land .
4 : 15 And thou shalt speak unto him , and put words in his mouth : and I will be with thy mouth , and with his mouth , and will teach you what ye shall do .
4 : 16 And he shall be thy spokesman unto the people : and he shall be , even he shall be to thee instead of a mouth , and thou shalt be to him instead of God .
4 : 21 And the LORD said unto Moses , When thou goest to return into Egypt , see that thou do all those wonders before Pharaoh , which I have put in thine hand : but I will harden his heart , that he shall not let the people go .
5 : 6 And Pharaoh commanded the same day the taskmasters of the people , and their officers , saying , 5 : 7 Ye shall no more give the people straw to make brick , as heretofore : let them go and gather straw for themselves .
5 : 8 And the tale of the bricks , which they did make heretofore , ye shall lay upon them ; ye shall not diminish ought thereof : for they be idle ; therefore they cry , saying , Let us go and sacrifice to our God .
5 : 11 Go ye , get you straw where ye can find it : yet not ought of your work shall be diminished .
5 : 18 Go therefore now , and work ; for there shall no straw be given you , yet shall ye deliver the tale of bricks .
5 : 19 And the officers of the children of Israel did see that they were in evil case , after it was said , Ye shall not minish ought from your bricks of your daily task .
6 : 1 Then the LORD said unto Moses , Now shalt thou see what I will do to Pharaoh : for with a strong hand shall he let them go , and with a strong hand shall he drive them out of his land .
6 : 6 Wherefore say unto the children of Israel , I am the LORD , and I will bring you out from under the burdens of the Egyptians , and I will rid you out of their bondage , and I will redeem you with a stretched out arm , and with great judgments : 6 : 7 And I will take you to me for a people , and I will be to you a God : and ye shall know that I am the LORD your God , which bringeth you out from under the burdens of the Egyptians .
6 : 12 And Moses spake before the LORD , saying , Behold , the children of Israel have not hearkened unto me ; how then shall Pharaoh hear me , who am of uncircumcised lips ?
6 : 30 And Moses said before the LORD , Behold , I am of uncircumcised lips , and how shall Pharaoh hearken unto me ?
7 : 1 And the LORD said unto Moses , See , I have made thee a god to Pharaoh : and Aaron thy brother shall be thy prophet .
7 : 2 Thou shalt speak all that I command thee : and Aaron thy brother shall speak unto Pharaoh , that he send the children of Israel out of his land .
7 : 4 But Pharaoh shall not hearken unto you , that I may lay my hand upon Egypt , and bring forth mine armies , and my people the children of Israel , out of the land of Egypt by great judgments .
7 : 5 And the Egyptians shall know that I am the LORD , when I stretch forth mine hand upon Egypt , and bring out the children of Israel from among them .
7 : 8 And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron , saying , 7 : 9 When Pharaoh shall speak unto you , saying , Shew a miracle for you : then thou shalt say unto Aaron , Take thy rod , and cast it before Pharaoh , and it shall become a serpent .
7 : 17 Thus saith the LORD , In this thou shalt know that I am the LORD : behold , I will smite with the rod that is in mine hand upon the waters which are in the river , and they shall be turned to blood .
7 : 18 And the fish that is in the river shall die , and the river shall stink ; and the Egyptians shall lothe to drink of the water of the river .
8 : 2 And if thou refuse to let them go , behold , I will smite all thy borders with frogs : 8 : 3 And the river shall bring forth frogs abundantly , which shall go up and come into thine house , and into thy bedchamber , and upon thy bed , and into the house of thy servants , and upon thy people , and into thine ovens , and into thy kneadingtroughs : 8 : 4 And the frogs shall come up both on thee , and upon thy people , and upon all thy servants .
8 : 9 And Moses said unto Pharaoh , Glory over me : when shall I intreat for thee , and for thy servants , and for thy people , to destroy the frogs from thee and thy houses , that they may remain in the river only ?
8 : 11 And the frogs shall depart from thee , and from thy houses , and from thy servants , and from thy people ; they shall remain in the river only .
8 : 21 Else , if thou wilt not let my people go , behold , I will send swarms of flies upon thee , and upon thy servants , and upon thy people , and into thy houses : and the houses of the Egyptians shall be full of swarms of flies , and also the ground whereon they are .
8 : 22 And I will sever in that day the land of Goshen , in which my people dwell , that no swarms of flies shall be there ; to the end thou mayest know that I am the LORD in the midst of the earth .
8 : 23 And I will put a division between my people and thy people : to morrow shall this sign be .
8 : 26 And Moses said , It is not meet so to do ; for we shall sacrifice the abomination of the Egyptians to the LORD our God : lo , shall we sacrifice the abomination of the Egyptians before their eyes , and will they not stone us ?
8 : 27 We will go three days ' journey into the wilderness , and sacrifice to the LORD our God , as he shall command us .
8 : 28 And Pharaoh said , I will let you go , that ye may sacrifice to the LORD your God in the wilderness ; only ye shall not go very far away : intreat for me .
9 : 2 For if thou refuse to let them go , and wilt hold them still , 9 : 3 Behold , the hand of the LORD is upon thy cattle which is in the field , upon the horses , upon the asses , upon the camels , upon the oxen , and upon the sheep : there shall be a very grievous murrain .
9 : 4 And the LORD shall sever between the cattle of Israel and the cattle of Egypt : and there shall nothing die of all that is the children ' s of Israel .
9 : 5 And the LORD appointed a set time , saying , To morrow the LORD shall do this thing in the land .
9 : 9 And it shall become small dust in all the land of Egypt , and shall be a boil breaking forth with blains upon man , and upon beast , throughout all the land of Egypt .
9 : 19 Send therefore now , and gather thy cattle , and all that thou hast in the field ; for upon every man and beast which shall be found in the field , and shall not be brought home , the hail shall come down upon them , and they shall die .
9 : 28 Intreat the LORD ( for it is enough ) that there be no more mighty thunderings and hail ; and I will let you go , and ye shall stay no longer .
9 : 29 And Moses said unto him , As soon as I am gone out of the city , I will spread abroad my hands unto the LORD ; and the thunder shall cease , neither shall there be any more hail ; that thou mayest know how that the earth is the LORD ' s .
10 : 4 Else , if thou refuse to let my people go , behold , to morrow will I bring the locusts into thy coast : 10 : 5 And they shall cover the face of the earth , that one cannot be able to see the earth : and they shall eat the residue of that which is escaped , which remaineth unto you from the hail , and shall eat every tree which groweth for you out of the field : 10 : 6 And they shall fill thy houses , and the houses of all thy servants , and the houses of all the Egyptians ; which neither thy fathers , nor thy fathers ' fathers have seen , since the day that they were upon the earth unto this day .
10 : 7 And Pharaoh ' s servants said unto him , How long shall this man be a snare unto us ?
10 : 8 And Moses and Aaron were brought again unto Pharaoh : and he said unto them , Go , serve the LORD your God : but who are they that shall go ?
10 : 14 And the locust went up over all the land of Egypt , and rested in all the coasts of Egypt : very grievous were they ; before them there were no such locusts as they , neither after them shall be such .
10 : 26 Our cattle also shall go with us ; there shall not an hoof be left behind ; for thereof must we take to serve the LORD our God ; and we know not with what we must serve the LORD , until we come thither .
11 : 1 And the LORD said unto Moses , Yet will I bring one plague more upon Pharaoh , and upon Egypt ; afterwards he will let you go hence : when he shall let you go , he shall surely thrust you out hence altogether .
11 : 4 And Moses said , Thus saith the LORD , About midnight will I go out into the midst of Egypt : 11 : 5 And all the firstborn in the land of Egypt shall die , from the first born of Pharaoh that sitteth upon his throne , even unto the firstborn of the maidservant that is behind the mill ; and all the firstborn of beasts .
11 : 6 And there shall be a great cry throughout all the land of Egypt , such as there was none like it , nor shall be like it any more .
11 : 7 But against any of the children of Israel shall not a dog move his tongue , against man or beast : that ye may know how that the LORD doth put a difference between the Egyptians and Israel .
11 : 8 And all these thy servants shall come down unto me , and bow down themselves unto me , saying , Get thee out , and all the people that follow thee : and after that I will go out .
11 : 9 And the LORD said unto Moses , Pharaoh shall not hearken unto you ; that my wonders may be multiplied in the land of Egypt .
12 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses and Aaron in the land of Egypt saying , 12 : 2 This month shall be unto you the beginning of months : it shall be the first month of the year to you .
12 : 3 Speak ye unto all the congregation of Israel , saying , In the tenth day of this month they shall take to them every man a lamb , according to the house of their fathers , a lamb for an house : 12 : 4 And if the household be too little for the lamb , let him and his neighbour next unto his house take it according to the number of the souls ; every man according to his eating shall make your count for the lamb .
12 : 5 Your lamb shall be without blemish , a male of the first year : ye shall take it out from the sheep , or from the goats : 12 : 6 And ye shall keep it up until the fourteenth day of the same month : and the whole assembly of the congregation of Israel shall kill it in the evening .
12 : 7 And they shall take of the blood , and strike it on the two side posts and on the upper door post of the houses , wherein they shall eat it .
12 : 8 And they shall eat the flesh in that night , roast with fire , and unleavened bread ; and with bitter herbs they shall eat it .
12 : 10 And ye shall let nothing of it remain until the morning ; and that which remaineth of it until the morning ye shall burn with fire .
12 : 11 And thus shall ye eat it ; with your loins girded , your shoes on your feet , and your staff in your hand ; and ye shall eat it in haste : it is the LORD ' s passover .
12 : 13 And the blood shall be to you for a token upon the houses where ye are : and when I see the blood , I will pass over you , and the plague shall not be upon you to destroy you , when I smite the land of Egypt .
12 : 14 And this day shall be unto you for a memorial ; and ye shall keep it a feast to the LORD throughout your generations ; ye shall keep it a feast by an ordinance for ever .
12 : 15 Seven days shall ye eat unleavened bread ; even the first day ye shall put away leaven out of your houses : for whosoever eateth leavened bread from the first day until the seventh day , that soul shall be cut off from Israel .
12 : 16 And in the first day there shall be an holy convocation , and in the seventh day there shall be an holy convocation to you ; no manner of work shall be done in them , save that which every man must eat , that only may be done of you .
12 : 17 And ye shall observe the feast of unleavened bread ; for in this selfsame day have I brought your armies out of the land of Egypt : therefore shall ye observe this day in your generations by an ordinance for ever .
12 : 18 In the first month , on the fourteenth day of the month at even , ye shall eat unleavened bread , until the one and twentieth day of the month at even .
12 : 19 Seven days shall there be no leaven found in your houses : for whosoever eateth that which is leavened , even that soul shall be cut off from the congregation of Israel , whether he be a stranger , or born in the land .
12 : 20 Ye shall eat nothing leavened ; in all your habitations shall ye eat unleavened bread .
12 : 22 And ye shall take a bunch of hyssop , and dip it in the blood that is in the bason , and strike the lintel and the two side posts with the blood that is in the bason ; and none of you shall go out at the door of his house until the morning .
12 : 24 And ye shall observe this thing for an ordinance to thee and to thy sons for ever .
12 : 25 And it shall come to pass , when ye be come to the land which the LORD will give you , according as he hath promised , that ye shall keep this service .
12 : 26 And it shall come to pass , when your children shall say unto you , What mean ye by this service ?
12 : 27 That ye shall say , It is the sacrifice of the LORD ' s passover , who passed over the houses of the children of Israel in Egypt , when he smote the Egyptians , and delivered our houses .
12 : 43 And the LORD said unto Moses and Aaron , This is the ordinance of the passover : There shall no stranger eat thereof : 12 : 44 But every man ' s servant that is bought for money , when thou hast circumcised him , then shall he eat thereof .
12 : 45 A foreigner and an hired servant shall not eat thereof .
12 : 46 In one house shall it be eaten ; thou shalt not carry forth ought of the flesh abroad out of the house ; neither shall ye break a bone thereof .
12 : 47 All the congregation of Israel shall keep it .
12 : 48 And when a stranger shall sojourn with thee , and will keep the passover to the LORD , let all his males be circumcised , and then let him come near and keep it ; and he shall be as one that is born in the land : for no uncircumcised person shall eat thereof .
12 : 49 One law shall be to him that is homeborn , and unto the stranger that sojourneth among you .
13 : 3 And Moses said unto the people , Remember this day , in which ye came out from Egypt , out of the house of bondage ; for by strength of hand the LORD brought you out from this place : there shall no leavened bread be eaten .
13 : 5 And it shall be when the LORD shall bring thee into the land of the Canaanites , and the Hittites , and the Amorites , and the Hivites , and the Jebusites , which he sware unto thy fathers to give thee , a land flowing with milk and honey , that thou shalt keep this service in this month .
13 : 6 Seven days thou shalt eat unleavened bread , and in the seventh day shall be a feast to the LORD .
13 : 7 Unleavened bread shall be eaten seven days ; and there shall no leavened bread be seen with thee , neither shall there be leaven seen with thee in all thy quarters .
13 : 9 And it shall be for a sign unto thee upon thine hand , and for a memorial between thine eyes , that the LORD ' s law may be in thy mouth : for with a strong hand hath the LORD brought thee out of Egypt .
13 : 11 And it shall be when the LORD shall bring thee into the land of the Canaanites , as he sware unto thee and to thy fathers , and shall give it thee , 13 : 12 That thou shalt set apart unto the LORD all that openeth the matrix , and every firstling that cometh of a beast which thou hast ; the males shall be the LORD ' s .
13 : 14 And it shall be when thy son asketh thee in time to come , saying , What is this ?
13 : 16 And it shall be for a token upon thine hand , and for frontlets between thine eyes : for by strength of hand the LORD brought us forth out of Egypt .
13 : 19 And Moses took the bones of Joseph with him : for he had straitly sworn the children of Israel , saying , God will surely visit you ; and ye shall carry up my bones away hence with you .
14 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 14 : 2 Speak unto the children of Israel , that they turn and encamp before Pihahiroth , between Migdol and the sea , over against Baalzephon : before it shall ye encamp by the sea .
14 : 4 And I will harden Pharaoh ' s heart , that he shall follow after them ; and I will be honoured upon Pharaoh , and upon all his host ; that the Egyptians may know that I am the LORD .
14 : 13 And Moses said unto the people , Fear ye not , stand still , and see the salvation of the LORD , which he will shew to you to day : for the Egyptians whom ye have seen to day , ye shall see them again no more for ever .
14 : 14 The LORD shall fight for you , and ye shall hold your peace .
speak unto the children of Israel , that they go forward : 14 : 16 But lift thou up thy rod , and stretch out thine hand over the sea , and divide it : and the children of Israel shall go on dry ground through the midst of the sea .
14 : 17 And I , behold , I will harden the hearts of the Egyptians , and they shall follow them : and I will get me honour upon Pharaoh , and upon all his host , upon his chariots , and upon his horsemen .
14 : 18 And the Egyptians shall know that I am the LORD , when I have gotten me honour upon Pharaoh , upon his chariots , and upon his horsemen .
15 : 9 The enemy said , I will pursue , I will overtake , I will divide the spoil ; my lust shall be satisfied upon them ; I will draw my sword , my hand shall destroy them .
15 : 14 The people shall hear , and be afraid : sorrow shall take hold on the inhabitants of Palestina .
15 : 15 Then the dukes of Edom shall be amazed ; the mighty men of Moab , trembling shall take hold upon them ; all the inhabitants of Canaan shall melt away .
15 : 16 Fear and dread shall fall upon them ; by the greatness of thine arm they shall be as still as a stone ; till thy people pass over , O LORD , till the people pass over , which thou hast purchased .
15 : 18 The LORD shall reign for ever and ever .
15 : 24 And the people murmured against Moses , saying , What shall we drink ?
16 : 4 Then said the LORD unto Moses , Behold , I will rain bread from heaven for you ; and the people shall go out and gather a certain rate every day , that I may prove them , whether they will walk in my law , or no .
16 : 5 And it shall come to pass , that on the sixth day they shall prepare that which they bring in ; and it shall be twice as much as they gather daily .
16 : 6 And Moses and Aaron said unto all the children of Israel , At even , then ye shall know that the LORD hath brought you out from the land of Egypt : 16 : 7 And in the morning , then ye shall see the glory of the LORD ; for that he heareth your murmurings against the LORD : and what are we , that ye murmur against us ?
16 : 8 And Moses said , This shall be , when the LORD shall give you in the evening flesh to eat , and in the morning bread to the full ; for that the LORD heareth your murmurings which ye murmur against him : and what are we ?
16 : 11 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 16 : 12 I have heard the murmurings of the children of Israel : speak unto them , saying , At even ye shall eat flesh , and in the morning ye shall be filled with bread ; and ye shall know that I am the LORD your God .
16 : 25 And Moses said , Eat that to day ; for to day is a sabbath unto the LORD : to day ye shall not find it in the field .
16 : 26 Six days ye shall gather it ; but on the seventh day , which is the sabbath , in it there shall be none .
17 : 4 And Moses cried unto the LORD , saying , What shall I do unto this people ?
17 : 6 Behold , I will stand before thee there upon the rock in Horeb ; and thou shalt smite the rock , and there shall come water out of it , that the people may drink .
18 : 19 Hearken now unto my voice , I will give thee counsel , and God shall be with thee : Be thou for the people to God - ward , that thou mayest bring the causes unto God : 18 : 20 And thou shalt teach them ordinances and laws , and shalt shew them the way wherein they must walk , and the work that they must do .
18 : 21 Moreover thou shalt provide out of all the people able men , such as fear God , men of truth , hating covetousness ; and place such over them , to be rulers of thousands , and rulers of hundreds , rulers of fifties , and rulers of tens : 18 : 22 And let them judge the people at all seasons : and it shall be , that every great matter they shall bring unto thee , but every small matter they shall judge : so shall it be easier for thyself , and they shall bear the burden with thee .
18 : 23 If thou shalt do this thing , and God command thee so , then thou shalt be able to endure , and all this people shall also go to their place in peace .
19 : 5 Now therefore , if ye will obey my voice indeed , and keep my covenant , then ye shall be a peculiar treasure unto me above all people : for all the earth is mine : 19 : 6 And ye shall be unto me a kingdom of priests , and an holy nation .
19 : 12 And thou shalt set bounds unto the people round about , saying , Take heed to yourselves , that ye go not up into the mount , or touch the border of it : whosoever toucheth the mount shall be surely put to death : 19 : 13 There shall not an hand touch it , but he shall surely be stoned , or shot through ; whether it be beast or man , it shall not live : when the trumpet soundeth long , they shall come up to the mount .
20 : 23 Ye shall not make with me gods of silver , neither shall ye make unto you gods of gold .
21 : 2 If thou buy an Hebrew servant , six years he shall serve : and in the seventh he shall go out free for nothing .
21 : 3 If he came in by himself , he shall go out by himself : if he were married , then his wife shall go out with him .
21 : 4 If his master have given him a wife , and she have born him sons or daughters ; the wife and her children shall be her master ' s , and he shall go out by himself .
21 : 5 And if the servant shall plainly say , I love my master , my wife , and my children ; I will not go out free : 21 : 6 Then his master shall bring him unto the judges ; he shall also bring him to the door , or unto the door post ; and his master shall bore his ear through with an aul ; and he shall serve him for ever .
21 : 7 And if a man sell his daughter to be a maidservant , she shall not go out as the menservants do .
21 : 8 If she please not her master , who hath betrothed her to himself , then shall he let her be redeemed : to sell her unto a strange nation he shall have no power , seeing he hath dealt deceitfully with her .
21 : 9 And if he have betrothed her unto his son , he shall deal with her after the manner of daughters .
21 : 10 If he take him another wife ; her food , her raiment , and her duty of marriage , shall he not diminish .
21 : 11 And if he do not these three unto her , then shall she go out free without money .
21 : 12 He that smiteth a man , so that he die , shall be surely put to death .
21 : 13 And if a man lie not in wait , but God deliver him into his hand ; then I will appoint thee a place whither he shall flee .
21 : 15 And he that smiteth his father , or his mother , shall be surely put to death .
21 : 16 And he that stealeth a man , and selleth him , or if he be found in his hand , he shall surely be put to death .
21 : 17 And he that curseth his father , or his mother , shall surely be put to death .
21 : 18 And if men strive together , and one smite another with a stone , or with his fist , and he die not , but keepeth his bed : 21 : 19 If he rise again , and walk abroad upon his staff , then shall he that smote him be quit : only he shall pay for the loss of his time , and shall cause him to be thoroughly healed .
21 : 20 And if a man smite his servant , or his maid , with a rod , and he die under his hand ; he shall be surely punished .
21 : 21 Notwithstanding , if he continue a day or two , he shall not be punished : for he is his money .
21 : 22 If men strive , and hurt a woman with child , so that her fruit depart from her , and yet no mischief follow : he shall be surely punished , according as the woman ' s husband will lay upon him ; and he shall pay as the judges determine .
21 : 26 And if a man smite the eye of his servant , or the eye of his maid , that it perish ; he shall let him go free for his eye ' s sake .
21 : 27 And if he smite out his manservant ' s tooth , or his maidservant ' s tooth ; he shall let him go free for his tooth ' s sake .
21 : 28 If an ox gore a man or a woman , that they die : then the ox shall be surely stoned , and his flesh shall not be eaten ; but the owner of the ox shall be quit .
21 : 29 But if the ox were wont to push with his horn in time past , and it hath been testified to his owner , and he hath not kept him in , but that he hath killed a man or a woman ; the ox shall be stoned , and his owner also shall be put to death .
21 : 30 If there be laid on him a sum of money , then he shall give for the ransom of his life whatsoever is laid upon him .
21 : 31 Whether he have gored a son , or have gored a daughter , according to this judgment shall it be done unto him .
21 : 32 If the ox shall push a manservant or a maidservant ; he shall give unto their master thirty shekels of silver , and the ox shall be stoned .
21 : 33 And if a man shall open a pit , or if a man shall dig a pit , and not cover it , and an ox or an ass fall therein ; 21 : 34 The owner of the pit shall make it good , and give money unto the owner of them ; and the dead beast shall be his .
21 : 35 And if one man ' s ox hurt another ' s , that he die ; then they shall sell the live ox , and divide the money of it ; and the dead ox also they shall divide .
21 : 36 Or if it be known that the ox hath used to push in time past , and his owner hath not kept him in ; he shall surely pay ox for ox ; and the dead shall be his own .
22 : 1 If a man shall steal an ox , or a sheep , and kill it , or sell it ; he shall restore five oxen for an ox , and four sheep for a sheep .
22 : 2 If a thief be found breaking up , and be smitten that he die , there shall no blood be shed for him .
22 : 3 If the sun be risen upon him , there shall be blood shed for him ; for he should make full restitution ; if he have nothing , then he shall be sold for his theft .
22 : 4 If the theft be certainly found in his hand alive , whether it be ox , or ass , or sheep ; he shall restore double .
22 : 5 If a man shall cause a field or vineyard to be eaten , and shall put in his beast , and shall feed in another man ' s field ; of the best of his own field , and of the best of his own vineyard , shall he make restitution .
22 : 6 If fire break out , and catch in thorns , so that the stacks of corn , or the standing corn , or the field , be consumed therewith ; he that kindled the fire shall surely make restitution .
22 : 7 If a man shall deliver unto his neighbour money or stuff to keep , and it be stolen out of the man ' s house ; if the thief be found , let him pay double .
22 : 8 If the thief be not found , then the master of the house shall be brought unto the judges , to see whether he have put his hand unto his neighbour ' s goods .
22 : 9 For all manner of trespass , whether it be for ox , for ass , for sheep , for raiment , or for any manner of lost thing which another challengeth to be his , the cause of both parties shall come before the judges ; and whom the judges shall condemn , he shall pay double unto his neighbour .
22 : 10 If a man deliver unto his neighbour an ass , or an ox , or a sheep , or any beast , to keep ; and it die , or be hurt , or driven away , no man seeing it : 22 : 11 Then shall an oath of the LORD be between them both , that he hath not put his hand unto his neighbour ' s goods ; and the owner of it shall accept thereof , and he shall not make it good .
22 : 12 And if it be stolen from him , he shall make restitution unto the owner thereof .
22 : 13 If it be torn in pieces , then let him bring it for witness , and he shall not make good that which was torn .
22 : 14 And if a man borrow ought of his neighbour , and it be hurt , or die , the owner thereof being not with it , he shall surely make it good .
22 : 15 But if the owner thereof be with it , he shall not make it good : if it be an hired thing , it came for his hire .
22 : 16 And if a man entice a maid that is not betrothed , and lie with her , he shall surely endow her to be his wife .
22 : 17 If her father utterly refuse to give her unto him , he shall pay money according to the dowry of virgins .
22 : 19 Whosoever lieth with a beast shall surely be put to death .
22 : 20 He that sacrificeth unto any god , save unto the LORD only , he shall be utterly destroyed .
22 : 22 Ye shall not afflict any widow , or fatherless child .
22 : 23 If thou afflict them in any wise , and they cry at all unto me , I will surely hear their cry ; 22 : 24 And my wrath shall wax hot , and I will kill you with the sword ; and your wives shall be widows , and your children fatherless .
22 : 26 If thou at all take thy neighbour ' s raiment to pledge , thou shalt deliver it unto him by that the sun goeth down : 22 : 27 For that is his covering only , it is his raiment for his skin : wherein shall he sleep ?
and it shall come to pass , when he crieth unto me , that I will hear ; for I am gracious .
22 : 30 Likewise shalt thou do with thine oxen , and with thy sheep : seven days it shall be with his dam ; on the eighth day thou shalt give it me .
22 : 31 And ye shall be holy men unto me : neither shall ye eat any flesh that is torn of beasts in the field ; ye shall cast it to the dogs .
23 : 10 And six years thou shalt sow thy land , and shalt gather in the fruits thereof : 23 : 11 But the seventh year thou shalt let it rest and lie still ; that the poor of thy people may eat : and what they leave the beasts of the field shall eat .
23 : 15 Thou shalt keep the feast of unleavened bread : ( thou shalt eat unleavened bread seven days , as I commanded thee , in the time appointed of the month Abib ; for in it thou camest out from Egypt : and none shall appear before me empty :) 23 : 16 And the feast of harvest , the firstfruits of thy labours , which thou hast sown in the field : and the feast of ingathering , which is in the end of the year , when thou hast gathered in thy labours out of the field .
23 : 17 Three items in the year all thy males shall appear before the LORD God .
23 : 18 Thou shalt not offer the blood of my sacrifice with leavened bread ; neither shall the fat of my sacrifice remain until the morning .
23 : 23 For mine Angel shall go before thee , and bring thee in unto the Amorites , and the Hittites , and the Perizzites , and the Canaanites , the Hivites , and the Jebusites : and I will cut them off .
23 : 25 And ye shall serve the LORD your God , and he shall bless thy bread , and thy water ; and I will take sickness away from the midst of thee .
23 : 26 There shall nothing cast their young , nor be barren , in thy land : the number of thy days I will fulfil .
23 : 28 And I will send hornets before thee , which shall drive out the Hivite , the Canaanite , and the Hittite , from before thee .
23 : 33 They shall not dwell in thy land , lest they make thee sin against me : for if thou serve their gods , it will surely be a snare unto thee .
24 : 2 And Moses alone shall come near the LORD : but they shall not come nigh ; neither shall the people go up with him .
25 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 25 : 2 Speak unto the children of Israel , that they bring me an offering : of every man that giveth it willingly with his heart ye shall take my offering .
25 : 3 And this is the offering which ye shall take of them ; gold , and silver , and brass , 25 : 4 And blue , and purple , and scarlet , and fine linen , and goats ' hair , 25 : 5 And rams ' skins dyed red , and badgers ' skins , and shittim wood , 25 : 6 Oil for the light , spices for anointing oil , and for sweet incense , 25 : 7 Onyx stones , and stones to be set in the ephod , and in the breastplate .
25 : 9 According to all that I shew thee , after the pattern of the tabernacle , and the pattern of all the instruments thereof , even so shall ye make it .
25 : 10 And they shall make an ark of shittim wood : two cubits and a half shall be the length thereof , and a cubit and a half the breadth thereof , and a cubit and a half the height thereof .
25 : 12 And thou shalt cast four rings of gold for it , and put them in the four corners thereof ; and two rings shall be in the one side of it , and two rings in the other side of it .
25 : 15 The staves shall be in the rings of the ark : they shall not be taken from it .
25 : 16 And thou shalt put into the ark the testimony which I shall give thee .
25 : 17 And thou shalt make a mercy seat of pure gold : two cubits and a half shall be the length thereof , and a cubit and a half the breadth thereof .
25 : 19 And make one cherub on the one end , and the other cherub on the other end : even of the mercy seat shall ye make the cherubims on the two ends thereof .
25 : 20 And the cherubims shall stretch forth their wings on high , covering the mercy seat with their wings , and their faces shall look one to another ; toward the mercy seat shall the faces of the cherubims be .
25 : 21 And thou shalt put the mercy seat above upon the ark ; and in the ark thou shalt put the testimony that I shall give thee .
25 : 23 Thou shalt also make a table of shittim wood : two cubits shall be the length thereof , and a cubit the breadth thereof , and a cubit and a half the height thereof .
25 : 27 Over against the border shall the rings be for places of the staves to bear the table .
25 : 31 And thou shalt make a candlestick of pure gold : of beaten work shall the candlestick be made : his shaft , and his branches , his bowls , his knops , and his flowers , shall be of the same .
25 : 32 And six branches shall come out of the sides of it ; three branches of the candlestick out of the one side , and three branches of the candlestick out of the other side : 25 : 33 Three bowls made like unto almonds , with a knop and a flower in one branch ; and three bowls made like almonds in the other branch , with a knop and a flower : so in the six branches that come out of the candlestick .
25 : 34 And in the candlesticks shall be four bowls made like unto almonds , with their knops and their flowers .
25 : 35 And there shall be a knop under two branches of the same , and a knop under two branches of the same , and a knop under two branches of the same , according to the six branches that proceed out of the candlestick .
25 : 36 Their knops and their branches shall be of the same : all it shall be one beaten work of pure gold .
25 : 37 And thou shalt make the seven lamps thereof : and they shall light the lamps thereof , that they may give light over against it .
25 : 38 And the tongs thereof , and the snuffdishes thereof , shall be of pure gold .
25 : 39 Of a talent of pure gold shall he make it , with all these vessels .
26 : 2 The length of one curtain shall be eight and twenty cubits , and the breadth of one curtain four cubits : and every one of the curtains shall have one measure .
26 : 3 The five curtains shall be coupled together one to another ; and other five curtains shall be coupled one to another .
26 : 6 And thou shalt make fifty taches of gold , and couple the curtains together with the taches : and it shall be one tabernacle .
26 : 8 The length of one curtain shall be thirty cubits , and the breadth of one curtain four cubits : and the eleven curtains shall be all of one measure .
26 : 12 And the remnant that remaineth of the curtains of the tent , the half curtain that remaineth , shall hang over the backside of the tabernacle .
26 : 13 And a cubit on the one side , and a cubit on the other side of that which remaineth in the length of the curtains of the tent , it shall hang over the sides of the tabernacle on this side and on that side , to cover it .
26 : 16 Ten cubits shall be the length of a board , and a cubit and a half shall be the breadth of one board .
26 : 17 Two tenons shall there be in one board , set in order one against another : thus shalt thou make for all the boards of the tabernacle .
26 : 20 And for the second side of the tabernacle on the north side there shall be twenty boards : 26 : 21 And their forty sockets of silver ; two sockets under one board , and two sockets under another board .
26 : 24 And they shall be coupled together beneath , and they shall be coupled together above the head of it unto one ring : thus shall it be for them both ; they shall be for the two corners .
26 : 25 And they shall be eight boards , and their sockets of silver , sixteen sockets ; two sockets under one board , and two sockets under another board .
26 : 28 And the middle bar in the midst of the boards shall reach from end to end .
26 : 31 And thou shalt make a vail of blue , and purple , and scarlet , and fine twined linen of cunning work : with cherubims shall it be made : 26 : 32 And thou shalt hang it upon four pillars of shittim wood overlaid with gold : their hooks shall be of gold , upon the four sockets of silver .
26 : 33 And thou shalt hang up the vail under the taches , that thou mayest bring in thither within the vail the ark of the testimony : and the vail shall divide unto you between the holy place and the most holy .
26 : 37 And thou shalt make for the hanging five pillars of shittim wood , and overlay them with gold , and their hooks shall be of gold : and thou shalt cast five sockets of brass for them .
27 : 1 And thou shalt make an altar of shittim wood , five cubits long , and five cubits broad ; the altar shall be foursquare : and the height thereof shall be three cubits .
27 : 2 And thou shalt make the horns of it upon the four corners thereof : his horns shall be of the same : and thou shalt overlay it with brass .
27 : 7 And the staves shall be put into the rings , and the staves shall be upon the two sides of the altar , to bear it .
27 : 8 Hollow with boards shalt thou make it : as it was shewed thee in the mount , so shall they make it .
27 : 9 And thou shalt make the court of the tabernacle : for the south side southward there shall be hangings for the court of fine twined linen of an hundred cubits long for one side : 27 : 10 And the twenty pillars thereof and their twenty sockets shall be of brass ; the hooks of the pillars and their fillets shall be of silver .
27 : 11 And likewise for the north side in length there shall be hangings of an hundred cubits long , and his twenty pillars and their twenty sockets of brass ; the hooks of the pillars and their fillets of silver .
27 : 12 And for the breadth of the court on the west side shall be hangings of fifty cubits : their pillars ten , and their sockets ten .
27 : 13 And the breadth of the court on the east side eastward shall be fifty cubits .
27 : 14 The hangings of one side of the gate shall be fifteen cubits : their pillars three , and their sockets three .
27 : 15 And on the other side shall be hangings fifteen cubits : their pillars three , and their sockets three .
27 : 16 And for the gate of the court shall be an hanging of twenty cubits , of blue , and purple , and scarlet , and fine twined linen , wrought with needlework : and their pillars shall be four , and their sockets four .
27 : 17 All the pillars round about the court shall be filleted with silver ; their hooks shall be of silver , and their sockets of brass .
27 : 18 The length of the court shall be an hundred cubits , and the breadth fifty every where , and the height five cubits of fine twined linen , and their sockets of brass .
27 : 19 All the vessels of the tabernacle in all the service thereof , and all the pins thereof , and all the pins of the court , shall be of brass .
27 : 21 In the tabernacle of the congregation without the vail , which is before the testimony , Aaron and his sons shall order it from evening to morning before the LORD : it shall be a statute for ever unto their generations on the behalf of the children of Israel .
28 : 4 And these are the garments which they shall make ; a breastplate , and an ephod , and a robe , and a broidered coat , a mitre , and a girdle : and they shall make holy garments for Aaron thy brother , and his sons , that he may minister unto me in the priest ' s office .
28 : 5 And they shall take gold , and blue , and purple , and scarlet , and fine linen .
28 : 6 And they shall make the ephod of gold , of blue , and of purple , of scarlet , and fine twined linen , with cunning work .
28 : 7 It shall have the two shoulderpieces thereof joined at the two edges thereof ; and so it shall be joined together .
28 : 8 And the curious girdle of the ephod , which is upon it , shall be of the same , according to the work thereof ; even of gold , of blue , and purple , and scarlet , and fine twined linen .
28 : 12 And thou shalt put the two stones upon the shoulders of the ephod for stones of memorial unto the children of Israel : and Aaron shall bear their names before the LORD upon his two shoulders for a memorial .
28 : 16 Foursquare it shall be being doubled ; a span shall be the length thereof , and a span shall be the breadth thereof .
28 : 17 And thou shalt set in it settings of stones , even four rows of stones : the first row shall be a sardius , a topaz , and a carbuncle : this shall be the first row .
28 : 18 And the second row shall be an emerald , a sapphire , and a diamond .
28 : 20 And the fourth row a beryl , and an onyx , and a jasper : they shall be set in gold in their inclosings .
28 : 21 And the stones shall be with the names of the children of Israel , twelve , according to their names , like the engravings of a signet ; every one with his name shall they be according to the twelve tribes .
28 : 28 And they shall bind the breastplate by the rings thereof unto the rings of the ephod with a lace of blue , that it may be above the curious girdle of the ephod , and that the breastplate be not loosed from the ephod .
28 : 29 And Aaron shall bear the names of the children of Israel in the breastplate of judgment upon his heart , when he goeth in unto the holy place , for a memorial before the LORD continually .
28 : 30 And thou shalt put in the breastplate of judgment the Urim and the Thummim ; and they shall be upon Aaron ' s heart , when he goeth in before the LORD : and Aaron shall bear the judgment of the children of Israel upon his heart before the LORD continually .
28 : 32 And there shall be an hole in the top of it , in the midst thereof : it shall have a binding of woven work round about the hole of it , as it were the hole of an habergeon , that it be not rent .
28 : 35 And it shall be upon Aaron to minister : and his sound shall be heard when he goeth in unto the holy place before the LORD , and when he cometh out , that he die not .
28 : 37 And thou shalt put it on a blue lace , that it may be upon the mitre ; upon the forefront of the mitre it shall be .
28 : 38 And it shall be upon Aaron ' s forehead , that Aaron may bear the iniquity of the holy things , which the children of Israel shall hallow in all their holy gifts ; and it shall be always upon his forehead , that they may be accepted before the LORD .
28 : 42 And thou shalt make them linen breeches to cover their nakedness ; from the loins even unto the thighs they shall reach : 28 : 43 And they shall be upon Aaron , and upon his sons , when they come in unto the tabernacle of the congregation , or when they come near unto the altar to minister in the holy place ; that they bear not iniquity , and die : it shall be a statute for ever unto him and his seed after him .
29 : 9 And thou shalt gird them with girdles , Aaron and his sons , and put the bonnets on them : and the priest ' s office shall be theirs for a perpetual statute : and thou shalt consecrate Aaron and his sons .
29 : 10 And thou shalt cause a bullock to be brought before the tabernacle of the congregation : and Aaron and his sons shall put their hands upon the head of the bullock .
29 : 15 Thou shalt also take one ram ; and Aaron and his sons shall put their hands upon the head of the ram .
29 : 19 And thou shalt take the other ram ; and Aaron and his sons shall put their hands upon the head of the ram .
29 : 21 And thou shalt take of the blood that is upon the altar , and of the anointing oil , and sprinkle it upon Aaron , and upon his garments , and upon his sons , and upon the garments of his sons with him : and he shall be hallowed , and his garments , and his sons , and his sons ' garments with him .
29 : 26 And thou shalt take the breast of the ram of Aaron ' s consecration , and wave it for a wave offering before the LORD : and it shall be thy part .
29 : 27 And thou shalt sanctify the breast of the wave offering , and the shoulder of the heave offering , which is waved , and which is heaved up , of the ram of the consecration , even of that which is for Aaron , and of that which is for his sons : 29 : 28 And it shall be Aaron ' s and his sons ' by a statute for ever from the children of Israel : for it is an heave offering : and it shall be an heave offering from the children of Israel of the sacrifice of their peace offerings , even their heave offering unto the LORD .
29 : 29 And the holy garments of Aaron shall be his sons ' after him , to be anointed therein , and to be consecrated in them .
29 : 30 And that son that is priest in his stead shall put them on seven days , when he cometh into the tabernacle of the congregation to minister in the holy place .
29 : 32 And Aaron and his sons shall eat the flesh of the ram , and the bread that is in the basket by the door of the tabernacle of the congregation .
29 : 33 And they shall eat those things wherewith the atonement was made , to consecrate and to sanctify them : but a stranger shall not eat thereof , because they are holy .
29 : 34 And if ought of the flesh of the consecrations , or of the bread , remain unto the morning , then thou shalt burn the remainder with fire : it shall not be eaten , because it is holy .
29 : 37 Seven days thou shalt make an atonement for the altar , and sanctify it ; and it shall be an altar most holy : whatsoever toucheth the altar shall be holy .
29 : 42 This shall be a continual burnt offering throughout your generations at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation before the LORD : where I will meet you , to speak there unto thee .
29 : 43 And there I will meet with the children of Israel , and the tabernacle shall be sanctified by my glory .
29 : 46 And they shall know that I am the LORD their God , that brought them forth out of the land of Egypt , that I may dwell among them : I am the LORD their God .
30 : 2 A cubit shall be the length thereof , and a cubit the breadth thereof ; foursquare shall it be : and two cubits shall be the height thereof : the horns thereof shall be of the same .
30 : 4 And two golden rings shalt thou make to it under the crown of it , by the two corners thereof , upon the two sides of it shalt thou make it ; and they shall be for places for the staves to bear it withal .
30 : 7 And Aaron shall burn thereon sweet incense every morning : when he dresseth the lamps , he shall burn incense upon it .
30 : 8 And when Aaron lighteth the lamps at even , he shall burn incense upon it , a perpetual incense before the LORD throughout your generations .
30 : 9 Ye shall offer no strange incense thereon , nor burnt sacrifice , nor meat offering ; neither shall ye pour drink offering thereon .
30 : 10 And Aaron shall make an atonement upon the horns of it once in a year with the blood of the sin offering of atonements : once in the year shall he make atonement upon it throughout your generations : it is most holy unto the LORD .
30 : 11 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 30 : 12 When thou takest the sum of the children of Israel after their number , then shall they give every man a ransom for his soul unto the LORD , when thou numberest them ; that there be no plague among them , when thou numberest them .
30 : 13 This they shall give , every one that passeth among them that are numbered , half a shekel after the shekel of the sanctuary : ( a shekel is twenty gerahs :) an half shekel shall be the offering of the LORD .
30 : 14 Every one that passeth among them that are numbered , from twenty years old and above , shall give an offering unto the LORD .
30 : 15 The rich shall not give more , and the poor shall not give less than half a shekel , when they give an offering unto the LORD , to make an atonement for your souls .
30 : 19 For Aaron and his sons shall wash their hands and their feet thereat : 30 : 20 When they go into the tabernacle of the congregation , they shall wash with water , that they die not ; or when they come near to the altar to minister , to burn offering made by fire unto the LORD : 30 : 21 So they shall wash their hands and their feet , that they die not : and it shall be a statute for ever to them , even to him and to his seed throughout their generations .
30 : 22 Moreover the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 30 : 23 Take thou also unto thee principal spices , of pure myrrh five hundred shekels , and of sweet cinnamon half so much , even two hundred and fifty shekels , and of sweet calamus two hundred and fifty shekels , 30 : 24 And of cassia five hundred shekels , after the shekel of the sanctuary , and of oil olive an hin : 30 : 25 And thou shalt make it an oil of holy ointment , an ointment compound after the art of the apothecary : it shall be an holy anointing oil .
30 : 29 And thou shalt sanctify them , that they may be most holy : whatsoever toucheth them shall be holy .
30 : 31 And thou shalt speak unto the children of Israel , saying , This shall be an holy anointing oil unto me throughout your generations .
30 : 32 Upon man ' s flesh shall it not be poured , neither shall ye make any other like it , after the composition of it : it is holy , and it shall be holy unto you .
30 : 33 Whosoever compoundeth any like it , or whosoever putteth any of it upon a stranger , shall even be cut off from his people .
30 : 34 And the LORD said unto Moses , Take unto thee sweet spices , stacte , and onycha , and galbanum ; these sweet spices with pure frankincense : of each shall there be a like weight : 30 : 35 And thou shalt make it a perfume , a confection after the art of the apothecary , tempered together , pure and holy : 30 : 36 And thou shalt beat some of it very small , and put of it before the testimony in the tabernacle of the congregation , where I will meet with thee : it shall be unto you most holy .
30 : 37 And as for the perfume which thou shalt make , ye shall not make to yourselves according to the composition thereof : it shall be unto thee holy for the LORD .
30 : 38 Whosoever shall make like unto that , to smell thereto , shall even be cut off from his people .
31 : 6 And I , behold , I have given with him Aholiab , the son of Ahisamach , of the tribe of Dan : and in the hearts of all that are wise hearted I have put wisdom , that they may make all that I have commanded thee ; 31 : 7 The tabernacle of the congregation , and the ark of the testimony , and the mercy seat that is thereupon , and all the furniture of the tabernacle , 31 : 8 And the table and his furniture , and the pure candlestick with all his furniture , and the altar of incense , 31 : 9 And the altar of burnt offering with all his furniture , and the laver and his foot , 31 : 10 And the cloths of service , and the holy garments for Aaron the priest , and the garments of his sons , to minister in the priest ' s office , 31 : 11 And the anointing oil , and sweet incense for the holy place : according to all that I have commanded thee shall they do .
31 : 12 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 31 : 13 Speak thou also unto the children of Israel , saying , Verily my sabbaths ye shall keep : for it is a sign between me and you throughout your generations ; that ye may know that I am the LORD that doth sanctify you .
31 : 14 Ye shall keep the sabbath therefore ; for it is holy unto you : every one that defileth it shall surely be put to death : for whosoever doeth any work therein , that soul shall be cut off from among his people .
31 : 15 Six days may work be done ; but in the seventh is the sabbath of rest , holy to the LORD : whosoever doeth any work in the sabbath day , he shall surely be put to death .
31 : 16 Wherefore the children of Israel shall keep the sabbath , to observe the sabbath throughout their generations , for a perpetual covenant .
32 : 1 And when the people saw that Moses delayed to come down out of the mount , the people gathered themselves together unto Aaron , and said unto him , Up , make us gods , which shall go before us ; for as for this Moses , the man that brought us up out of the land of Egypt , we wot not what is become of him .
32 : 13 Remember Abraham , Isaac , and Israel , thy servants , to whom thou swarest by thine own self , and saidst unto them , I will multiply your seed as the stars of heaven , and all this land that I have spoken of will I give unto your seed , and they shall inherit it for ever .
32 : 23 For they said unto me , Make us gods , which shall go before us : for as for this Moses , the man that brought us up out of the land of Egypt , we wot not what is become of him .
32 : 30 And it came to pass on the morrow , that Moses said unto the people , Ye have sinned a great sin : and now I will go up unto the LORD ; peradventure I shall make an atonement for your sin .
32 : 34 Therefore now go , lead the people unto the place of which I have spoken unto thee : behold , mine Angel shall go before thee : nevertheless in the day when I visit I will visit their sin upon them .
33 : 14 And he said , My presence shall go with thee , and I will give thee rest .
33 : 16 For wherein shall it be known here that I and thy people have found grace in thy sight ?
so shall we be separated , I and thy people , from all the people that are upon the face of the earth .
33 : 20 And he said , Thou canst not see my face : for there shall no man see me , and live .
33 : 21 And the LORD said , Behold , there is a place by me , and thou shalt stand upon a rock : 33 : 22 And it shall come to pass , while my glory passeth by , that I will put thee in a clift of the rock , and will cover thee with my hand while I pass by : 33 : 23 And I will take away mine hand , and thou shalt see my back parts : but my face shall not be seen .
34 : 3 And no man shall come up with thee , neither let any man be seen throughout all the mount ; neither let the flocks nor herds feed before that mount .
34 : 10 And he said , Behold , I make a covenant : before all thy people I will do marvels , such as have not been done in all the earth , nor in any nation : and all the people among which thou art shall see the work of the LORD : for it is a terrible thing that I will do with thee .
34 : 12 Take heed to thyself , lest thou make a covenant with the inhabitants of the land whither thou goest , lest it be for a snare in the midst of thee : 34 : 13 But ye shall destroy their altars , break their images , and cut down their groves : 34 : 14 For thou shalt worship no other god : for the LORD , whose name is Jealous , is a jealous God : 34 : 15 Lest thou make a covenant with the inhabitants of the land , and they go a whoring after their gods , and do sacrifice unto their gods , and one call thee , and thou eat of his sacrifice ; 34 : 16 And thou take of their daughters unto thy sons , and their daughters go a whoring after their gods , and make thy sons go a whoring after their gods .
And none shall appear before me empty .
34 : 23 Thrice in the year shall all your menchildren appear before the LORD God , the God of Israel .
34 : 24 For I will cast out the nations before thee , and enlarge thy borders : neither shall any man desire thy land , when thou shalt go up to appear before the LORD thy God thrice in the year .
34 : 25 Thou shalt not offer the blood of my sacrifice with leaven ; neither shall the sacrifice of the feast of the passover be left unto the morning .
35 : 2 Six days shall work be done , but on the seventh day there shall be to you an holy day , a sabbath of rest to the LORD : whosoever doeth work therein shall be put to death .
35 : 3 Ye shall kindle no fire throughout your habitations upon the sabbath day .
35 : 10 And every wise hearted among you shall come , and make all that the LORD hath commanded ; 35 : 11 The tabernacle , his tent , and his covering , his taches , and his boards , his bars , his pillars , and his sockets , 35 : 12 The ark , and the staves thereof , with the mercy seat , and the vail of the covering , 35 : 13 The table , and his staves , and all his vessels , and the shewbread , 35 : 14 The candlestick also for the light , and his furniture , and his lamps , with the oil for the light , 35 : 15 And the incense altar , and his staves , and the anointing oil , and the sweet incense , and the hanging for the door at the entering in of the tabernacle , 35 : 16 The altar of burnt offering , with his brasen grate , his staves , and all his vessels , the laver and his foot , 35 : 17 The hangings of the court , his pillars , and their sockets , and the hanging for the door of the court , 35 : 18 The pins of the tabernacle , and the pins of the court , and their cords , 35 : 19 The cloths of service , to do service in the holy place , the holy garments for Aaron the priest , and the garments of his sons , to minister in the priest ' s office .
40 : 9 And thou shalt take the anointing oil , and anoint the tabernacle , and all that is therein , and shalt hallow it , and all the vessels thereof : and it shall be holy .
40 : 10 And thou shalt anoint the altar of the burnt offering , and all his vessels , and sanctify the altar : and it shall be an altar most holy .
40 : 14 And thou shalt bring his sons , and clothe them with coats : 40 : 15 And thou shalt anoint them , as thou didst anoint their father , that they may minister unto me in the priest ' s office : for their anointing shall surely be an everlasting priesthood throughout their generations .
1 : 1 And the LORD called unto Moses , and spake unto him out of the tabernacle of the congregation , saying , 1 : 2 Speak unto the children of Israel , and say unto them , If any man of you bring an offering unto the LORD , ye shall bring your offering of the cattle , even of the herd , and of the flock .
1 : 3 If his offering be a burnt sacrifice of the herd , let him offer a male without blemish : he shall offer it of his own voluntary will at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation before the LORD .
1 : 4 And he shall put his hand upon the head of the burnt offering ; and it shall be accepted for him to make atonement for him .
1 : 5 And he shall kill the bullock before the LORD : and the priests , Aaron ' s sons , shall bring the blood , and sprinkle the blood round about upon the altar that is by the door of the tabernacle of the congregation .
1 : 6 And he shall flay the burnt offering , and cut it into his pieces .
1 : 7 And the sons of Aaron the priest shall put fire upon the altar , and lay the wood in order upon the fire : 1 : 8 And the priests , Aaron ' s sons , shall lay the parts , the head , and the fat , in order upon the wood that is on the fire which is upon the altar : 1 : 9 But his inwards and his legs shall he wash in water : and the priest shall burn all on the altar , to be a burnt sacrifice , an offering made by fire , of a sweet savour unto the LORD .
1 : 10 And if his offering be of the flocks , namely , of the sheep , or of the goats , for a burnt sacrifice ; he shall bring it a male without blemish .
1 : 11 And he shall kill it on the side of the altar northward before the LORD : and the priests , Aaron ' s sons , shall sprinkle his blood round about upon the altar .
1 : 12 And he shall cut it into his pieces , with his head and his fat : and the priest shall lay them in order on the wood that is on the fire which is upon the altar : 1 : 13 But he shall wash the inwards and the legs with water : and the priest shall bring it all , and burn it upon the altar : it is a burnt sacrifice , an offering made by fire , of a sweet savour unto the LORD .
1 : 14 And if the burnt sacrifice for his offering to the LORD be of fowls , then he shall bring his offering of turtledoves , or of young pigeons .
1 : 15 And the priest shall bring it unto the altar , and wring off his head , and burn it on the altar ; and the blood thereof shall be wrung out at the side of the altar : 1 : 16 And he shall pluck away his crop with his feathers , and cast it beside the altar on the east part , by the place of the ashes : 1 : 17 And he shall cleave it with the wings thereof , but shall not divide it asunder : and the priest shall burn it upon the altar , upon the wood that is upon the fire : it is a burnt sacrifice , an offering made by fire , of a sweet savour unto the LORD .
2 : 1 And when any will offer a meat offering unto the LORD , his offering shall be of fine flour ; and he shall pour oil upon it , and put frankincense thereon : 2 : 2 And he shall bring it to Aaron ' s sons the priests : and he shall take thereout his handful of the flour thereof , and of the oil thereof , with all the frankincense thereof ; and the priest shall burn the memorial of it upon the altar , to be an offering made by fire , of a sweet savour unto the LORD : 2 : 3 And the remnant of the meat offering shall be Aaron ' s and his sons ': it is a thing most holy of the offerings of the LORD made by fire .
2 : 4 And if thou bring an oblation of a meat offering baken in the oven , it shall be unleavened cakes of fine flour mingled with oil , or unleavened wafers anointed with oil .
2 : 5 And if thy oblation be a meat offering baken in a pan , it shall be of fine flour unleavened , mingled with oil .
2 : 7 And if thy oblation be a meat offering baken in the fryingpan , it shall be made of fine flour with oil .
2 : 8 And thou shalt bring the meat offering that is made of these things unto the LORD : and when it is presented unto the priest , he shall bring it unto the altar .
2 : 9 And the priest shall take from the meat offering a memorial thereof , and shall burn it upon the altar : it is an offering made by fire , of a sweet savour unto the LORD .
2 : 10 And that which is left of the meat offering shall be Aaron ' s and his sons ': it is a thing most holy of the offerings of the LORD made by fire .
2 : 11 No meat offering , which ye shall bring unto the LORD , shall be made with leaven : for ye shall burn no leaven , nor any honey , in any offering of the LORD made by fire .
2 : 12 As for the oblation of the firstfruits , ye shall offer them unto the LORD : but they shall not be burnt on the altar for a sweet savour .
2 : 16 And the priest shall burn the memorial of it , part of the beaten corn thereof , and part of the oil thereof , with all the frankincense thereof : it is an offering made by fire unto the LORD .
3 : 1 And if his oblation be a sacrifice of peace offering , if he offer it of the herd ; whether it be a male or female , he shall offer it without blemish before the LORD .
3 : 2 And he shall lay his hand upon the head of his offering , and kill it at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation : and Aaron ' s sons the priests shall sprinkle the blood upon the altar round about .
3 : 3 And he shall offer of the sacrifice of the peace offering an offering made by fire unto the LORD ; the fat that covereth the inwards , and all the fat that is upon the inwards , 3 : 4 And the two kidneys , and the fat that is on them , which is by the flanks , and the caul above the liver , with the kidneys , it shall he take away .
3 : 5 And Aaron ' s sons shall burn it on the altar upon the burnt sacrifice , which is upon the wood that is on the fire : it is an offering made by fire , of a sweet savour unto the LORD .
3 : 6 And if his offering for a sacrifice of peace offering unto the LORD be of the flock ; male or female , he shall offer it without blemish .
3 : 7 If he offer a lamb for his offering , then shall he offer it before the LORD .
3 : 8 And he shall lay his hand upon the head of his offering , and kill it before the tabernacle of the congregation : and Aaron ' s sons shall sprinkle the blood thereof round about upon the altar .
3 : 9 And he shall offer of the sacrifice of the peace offering an offering made by fire unto the LORD ; the fat thereof , and the whole rump , it shall he take off hard by the backbone ; and the fat that covereth the inwards , and all the fat that is upon the inwards , 3 : 10 And the two kidneys , and the fat that is upon them , which is by the flanks , and the caul above the liver , with the kidneys , it shall he take away .
3 : 11 And the priest shall burn it upon the altar : it is the food of the offering made by fire unto the LORD .
3 : 12 And if his offering be a goat , then he shall offer it before the LORD .
3 : 13 And he shall lay his hand upon the head of it , and kill it before the tabernacle of the congregation : and the sons of Aaron shall sprinkle the blood thereof upon the altar round about .
3 : 14 And he shall offer thereof his offering , even an offering made by fire unto the LORD ; the fat that covereth the inwards , and all the fat that is upon the inwards , 3 : 15 And the two kidneys , and the fat that is upon them , which is by the flanks , and the caul above the liver , with the kidneys , it shall he take away .
3 : 16 And the priest shall burn them upon the altar : it is the food of the offering made by fire for a sweet savour : all the fat is the LORD ' s .
3 : 17 It shall be a perpetual statute for your generations throughout all your dwellings , that ye eat neither fat nor blood .
4 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 4 : 2 Speak unto the children of Israel , saying , If a soul shall sin through ignorance against any of the commandments of the LORD concerning things which ought not to be done , and shall do against any of them : 4 : 3 If the priest that is anointed do sin according to the sin of the people ; then let him bring for his sin , which he hath sinned , a young bullock without blemish unto the LORD for a sin offering .
4 : 4 And he shall bring the bullock unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation before the LORD ; and shall lay his hand upon the bullock ' s head , and kill the bullock before the LORD .
4 : 5 And the priest that is anointed shall take of the bullock ' s blood , and bring it to the tabernacle of the congregation : 4 : 6 And the priest shall dip his finger in the blood , and sprinkle of the blood seven times before the LORD , before the vail of the sanctuary .
4 : 7 And the priest shall put some of the blood upon the horns of the altar of sweet incense before the LORD , which is in the tabernacle of the congregation ; and shall pour all the blood of the bullock at the bottom of the altar of the burnt offering , which is at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation .
4 : 8 And he shall take off from it all the fat of the bullock for the sin offering ; the fat that covereth the inwards , and all the fat that is upon the inwards , 4 : 9 And the two kidneys , and the fat that is upon them , which is by the flanks , and the caul above the liver , with the kidneys , it shall he take away , 4 : 10 As it was taken off from the bullock of the sacrifice of peace offerings : and the priest shall burn them upon the altar of the burnt offering .
4 : 11 And the skin of the bullock , and all his flesh , with his head , and with his legs , and his inwards , and his dung , 4 : 12 Even the whole bullock shall he carry forth without the camp unto a clean place , where the ashes are poured out , and burn him on the wood with fire : where the ashes are poured out shall he be burnt .
4 : 13 And if the whole congregation of Israel sin through ignorance , and the thing be hid from the eyes of the assembly , and they have done somewhat against any of the commandments of the LORD concerning things which should not be done , and are guilty ; 4 : 14 When the sin , which they have sinned against it , is known , then the congregation shall offer a young bullock for the sin , and bring him before the tabernacle of the congregation .
4 : 15 And the elders of the congregation shall lay their hands upon the head of the bullock before the LORD : and the bullock shall be killed before the LORD .
4 : 16 And the priest that is anointed shall bring of the bullock ' s blood to the tabernacle of the congregation : 4 : 17 And the priest shall dip his finger in some of the blood , and sprinkle it seven times before the LORD , even before the vail .
4 : 18 And he shall put some of the blood upon the horns of the altar which is before the LORD , that is in the tabernacle of the congregation , and shall pour out all the blood at the bottom of the altar of the burnt offering , which is at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation .
4 : 19 And he shall take all his fat from him , and burn it upon the altar .
4 : 20 And he shall do with the bullock as he did with the bullock for a sin offering , so shall he do with this : and the priest shall make an atonement for them , and it shall be forgiven them .
4 : 21 And he shall carry forth the bullock without the camp , and burn him as he burned the first bullock : it is a sin offering for the congregation .
4 : 22 When a ruler hath sinned , and done somewhat through ignorance against any of the commandments of the LORD his God concerning things which should not be done , and is guilty ; 4 : 23 Or if his sin , wherein he hath sinned , come to his knowledge ; he shall bring his offering , a kid of the goats , a male without blemish : 4 : 24 And he shall lay his hand upon the head of the goat , and kill it in the place where they kill the burnt offering before the LORD : it is a sin offering .
4 : 25 And the priest shall take of the blood of the sin offering with his finger , and put it upon the horns of the altar of burnt offering , and shall pour out his blood at the bottom of the altar of burnt offering .
4 : 26 And he shall burn all his fat upon the altar , as the fat of the sacrifice of peace offerings : and the priest shall make an atonement for him as concerning his sin , and it shall be forgiven him .
4 : 27 And if any one of the common people sin through ignorance , while he doeth somewhat against any of the commandments of the LORD concerning things which ought not to be done , and be guilty ; 4 : 28 Or if his sin , which he hath sinned , come to his knowledge : then he shall bring his offering , a kid of the goats , a female without blemish , for his sin which he hath sinned .
4 : 29 And he shall lay his hand upon the head of the sin offering , and slay the sin offering in the place of the burnt offering .
4 : 30 And the priest shall take of the blood thereof with his finger , and put it upon the horns of the altar of burnt offering , and shall pour out all the blood thereof at the bottom of the altar .
4 : 31 And he shall take away all the fat thereof , as the fat is taken away from off the sacrifice of peace offerings ; and the priest shall burn it upon the altar for a sweet savour unto the LORD ; and the priest shall make an atonement for him , and it shall be forgiven him .
4 : 32 And if he bring a lamb for a sin offering , he shall bring it a female without blemish .
4 : 33 And he shall lay his hand upon the head of the sin offering , and slay it for a sin offering in the place where they kill the burnt offering .
4 : 34 And the priest shall take of the blood of the sin offering with his finger , and put it upon the horns of the altar of burnt offering , and shall pour out all the blood thereof at the bottom of the altar : 4 : 35 And he shall take away all the fat thereof , as the fat of the lamb is taken away from the sacrifice of the peace offerings ; and the priest shall burn them upon the altar , according to the offerings made by fire unto the LORD : and the priest shall make an atonement for his sin that he hath committed , and it shall be forgiven him .
5 : 1 And if a soul sin , and hear the voice of swearing , and is a witness , whether he hath seen or known of it ; if he do not utter it , then he shall bear his iniquity .
5 : 2 Or if a soul touch any unclean thing , whether it be a carcase of an unclean beast , or a carcase of unclean cattle , or the carcase of unclean creeping things , and if it be hidden from him ; he also shall be unclean , and guilty .
5 : 3 Or if he touch the uncleanness of man , whatsoever uncleanness it be that a man shall be defiled withal , and it be hid from him ; when he knoweth of it , then he shall be guilty .
5 : 4 Or if a soul swear , pronouncing with his lips to do evil , or to do good , whatsoever it be that a man shall pronounce with an oath , and it be hid from him ; when he knoweth of it , then he shall be guilty in one of these .
5 : 5 And it shall be , when he shall be guilty in one of these things , that he shall confess that he hath sinned in that thing : 5 : 6 And he shall bring his trespass offering unto the LORD for his sin which he hath sinned , a female from the flock , a lamb or a kid of the goats , for a sin offering ; and the priest shall make an atonement for him concerning his sin .
5 : 7 And if he be not able to bring a lamb , then he shall bring for his trespass , which he hath committed , two turtledoves , or two young pigeons , unto the LORD ; one for a sin offering , and the other for a burnt offering .
5 : 8 And he shall bring them unto the priest , who shall offer that which is for the sin offering first , and wring off his head from his neck , but shall not divide it asunder : 5 : 9 And he shall sprinkle of the blood of the sin offering upon the side of the altar ; and the rest of the blood shall be wrung out at the bottom of the altar : it is a sin offering .
5 : 10 And he shall offer the second for a burnt offering , according to the manner : and the priest shall make an atonement for him for his sin which he hath sinned , and it shall be forgiven him .
5 : 11 But if he be not able to bring two turtledoves , or two young pigeons , then he that sinned shall bring for his offering the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour for a sin offering ; he shall put no oil upon it , neither shall he put any frankincense thereon : for it is a sin offering .
5 : 12 Then shall he bring it to the priest , and the priest shall take his handful of it , even a memorial thereof , and burn it on the altar , according to the offerings made by fire unto the LORD : it is a sin offering .
5 : 13 And the priest shall make an atonement for him as touching his sin that he hath sinned in one of these , and it shall be forgiven him : and the remnant shall be the priest ' s , as a meat offering .
5 : 14 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 5 : 15 If a soul commit a trespass , and sin through ignorance , in the holy things of the LORD ; then he shall bring for his trespass unto the LORD a ram without blemish out of the flocks , with thy estimation by shekels of silver , after the shekel of the sanctuary , for a trespass offering .
5 : 16 And he shall make amends for the harm that he hath done in the holy thing , and shall add the fifth part thereto , and give it unto the priest : and the priest shall make an atonement for him with the ram of the trespass offering , and it shall be forgiven him .
5 : 17 And if a soul sin , and commit any of these things which are forbidden to be done by the commandments of the LORD ; though he wist it not , yet is he guilty , and shall bear his iniquity .
5 : 18 And he shall bring a ram without blemish out of the flock , with thy estimation , for a trespass offering , unto the priest : and the priest shall make an atonement for him concerning his ignorance wherein he erred and wist it not , and it shall be forgiven him .
6 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 6 : 2 If a soul sin , and commit a trespass against the LORD , and lie unto his neighbour in that which was delivered him to keep , or in fellowship , or in a thing taken away by violence , or hath deceived his neighbour ; 6 : 3 Or have found that which was lost , and lieth concerning it , and sweareth falsely ; in any of all these that a man doeth , sinning therein : 6 : 4 Then it shall be , because he hath sinned , and is guilty , that he shall restore that which he took violently away , or the thing which he hath deceitfully gotten , or that which was delivered him to keep , or the lost thing which he found , 6 : 5 Or all that about which he hath sworn falsely ; he shall even restore it in the principal , and shall add the fifth part more thereto , and give it unto him to whom it appertaineth , in the day of his trespass offering .
6 : 6 And he shall bring his trespass offering unto the LORD , a ram without blemish out of the flock , with thy estimation , for a trespass offering , unto the priest : 6 : 7 And the priest shall make an atonement for him before the LORD : and it shall be forgiven him for any thing of all that he hath done in trespassing therein .
6 : 8 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 6 : 9 Command Aaron and his sons , saying , This is the law of the burnt offering : It is the burnt offering , because of the burning upon the altar all night unto the morning , and the fire of the altar shall be burning in it .
6 : 10 And the priest shall put on his linen garment , and his linen breeches shall he put upon his flesh , and take up the ashes which the fire hath consumed with the burnt offering on the altar , and he shall put them beside the altar .
6 : 11 And he shall put off his garments , and put on other garments , and carry forth the ashes without the camp unto a clean place .
6 : 12 And the fire upon the altar shall be burning in it ; it shall not be put out : and the priest shall burn wood on it every morning , and lay the burnt offering in order upon it ; and he shall burn thereon the fat of the peace offerings .
6 : 13 The fire shall ever be burning upon the altar ; it shall never go out .
6 : 14 And this is the law of the meat offering : the sons of Aaron shall offer it before the LORD , before the altar .
6 : 15 And he shall take of it his handful , of the flour of the meat offering , and of the oil thereof , and all the frankincense which is upon the meat offering , and shall burn it upon the altar for a sweet savour , even the memorial of it , unto the LORD .
6 : 16 And the remainder thereof shall Aaron and his sons eat : with unleavened bread shall it be eaten in the holy place ; in the court of the tabernacle of the congregation they shall eat it .
6 : 17 It shall not be baken with leaven .
6 : 18 All the males among the children of Aaron shall eat of it .
It shall be a statute for ever in your generations concerning the offerings of the LORD made by fire : every one that toucheth them shall be holy .
6 : 19 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 6 : 20 This is the offering of Aaron and of his sons , which they shall offer unto the LORD in the day when he is anointed ; the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour for a meat offering perpetual , half of it in the morning , and half thereof at night .
6 : 21 In a pan it shall be made with oil ; and when it is baken , thou shalt bring it in : and the baken pieces of the meat offering shalt thou offer for a sweet savour unto the LORD .
6 : 22 And the priest of his sons that is anointed in his stead shall offer it : it is a statute for ever unto the LORD ; it shall be wholly burnt .
6 : 23 For every meat offering for the priest shall be wholly burnt : it shall not be eaten .
6 : 24 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 6 : 25 Speak unto Aaron and to his sons , saying , This is the law of the sin offering : In the place where the burnt offering is killed shall the sin offering be killed before the LORD : it is most holy .
6 : 26 The priest that offereth it for sin shall eat it : in the holy place shall it be eaten , in the court of the tabernacle of the congregation .
6 : 27 Whatsoever shall touch the flesh thereof shall be holy : and when there is sprinkled of the blood thereof upon any garment , thou shalt wash that whereon it was sprinkled in the holy place .
6 : 28 But the earthen vessel wherein it is sodden shall be broken : and if it be sodden in a brasen pot , it shall be both scoured , and rinsed in water .
6 : 29 All the males among the priests shall eat thereof : it is most holy .
6 : 30 And no sin offering , whereof any of the blood is brought into the tabernacle of the congregation to reconcile withal in the holy place , shall be eaten : it shall be burnt in the fire .
7 : 2 In the place where they kill the burnt offering shall they kill the trespass offering : and the blood thereof shall he sprinkle round about upon the altar .
7 : 3 And he shall offer of it all the fat thereof ; the rump , and the fat that covereth the inwards , 7 : 4 And the two kidneys , and the fat that is on them , which is by the flanks , and the caul that is above the liver , with the kidneys , it shall he take away : 7 : 5 And the priest shall burn them upon the altar for an offering made by fire unto the LORD : it is a trespass offering .
7 : 6 Every male among the priests shall eat thereof : it shall be eaten in the holy place : it is most holy .
7 : 7 As the sin offering is , so is the trespass offering : there is one law for them : the priest that maketh atonement therewith shall have it .
7 : 8 And the priest that offereth any man ' s burnt offering , even the priest shall have to himself the skin of the burnt offering which he hath offered .
7 : 9 And all the meat offering that is baken in the oven , and all that is dressed in the fryingpan , and in the pan , shall be the priest ' s that offereth it .
7 : 10 And every meat offering , mingled with oil , and dry , shall all the sons of Aaron have , one as much as another .
7 : 11 And this is the law of the sacrifice of peace offerings , which he shall offer unto the LORD .
7 : 12 If he offer it for a thanksgiving , then he shall offer with the sacrifice of thanksgiving unleavened cakes mingled with oil , and unleavened wafers anointed with oil , and cakes mingled with oil , of fine flour , fried .
7 : 13 Besides the cakes , he shall offer for his offering leavened bread with the sacrifice of thanksgiving of his peace offerings .
7 : 14 And of it he shall offer one out of the whole oblation for an heave offering unto the LORD , and it shall be the priest ' s that sprinkleth the blood of the peace offerings .
7 : 15 And the flesh of the sacrifice of his peace offerings for thanksgiving shall be eaten the same day that it is offered ; he shall not leave any of it until the morning .
7 : 16 But if the sacrifice of his offering be a vow , or a voluntary offering , it shall be eaten the same day that he offereth his sacrifice : and on the morrow also the remainder of it shall be eaten : 7 : 17 But the remainder of the flesh of the sacrifice on the third day shall be burnt with fire .
7 : 18 And if any of the flesh of the sacrifice of his peace offerings be eaten at all on the third day , it shall not be accepted , neither shall it be imputed unto him that offereth it : it shall be an abomination , and the soul that eateth of it shall bear his iniquity .
7 : 19 And the flesh that toucheth any unclean thing shall not be eaten ; it shall be burnt with fire : and as for the flesh , all that be clean shall eat thereof .
7 : 20 But the soul that eateth of the flesh of the sacrifice of peace offerings , that pertain unto the LORD , having his uncleanness upon him , even that soul shall be cut off from his people .
7 : 21 Moreover the soul that shall touch any unclean thing , as the uncleanness of man , or any unclean beast , or any abominable unclean thing , and eat of the flesh of the sacrifice of peace offerings , which pertain unto the LORD , even that soul shall be cut off from his people .
7 : 22 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 7 : 23 Speak unto the children of Israel , saying , Ye shall eat no manner of fat , of ox , or of sheep , or of goat .
7 : 24 And the fat of the beast that dieth of itself , and the fat of that which is torn with beasts , may be used in any other use : but ye shall in no wise eat of it .
7 : 25 For whosoever eateth the fat of the beast , of which men offer an offering made by fire unto the LORD , even the soul that eateth it shall be cut off from his people .
7 : 26 Moreover ye shall eat no manner of blood , whether it be of fowl or of beast , in any of your dwellings .
7 : 27 Whatsoever soul it be that eateth any manner of blood , even that soul shall be cut off from his people .
7 : 28 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 7 : 29 Speak unto the children of Israel , saying , He that offereth the sacrifice of his peace offerings unto the LORD shall bring his oblation unto the LORD of the sacrifice of his peace offerings .
7 : 30 His own hands shall bring the offerings of the LORD made by fire , the fat with the breast , it shall he bring , that the breast may be waved for a wave offering before the LORD .
7 : 31 And the priest shall burn the fat upon the altar : but the breast shall be Aaron ' s and his sons '.
7 : 32 And the right shoulder shall ye give unto the priest for an heave offering of the sacrifices of your peace offerings .
7 : 33 He among the sons of Aaron , that offereth the blood of the peace offerings , and the fat , shall have the right shoulder for his part .
8 : 31 And Moses said unto Aaron and to his sons , Boil the flesh at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation : and there eat it with the bread that is in the basket of consecrations , as I commanded , saying , Aaron and his sons shall eat it .
8 : 32 And that which remaineth of the flesh and of the bread shall ye burn with fire .
8 : 33 And ye shall not go out of the door of the tabernacle of the congregation in seven days , until the days of your consecration be at an end : for seven days shall he consecrate you .
8 : 35 Therefore shall ye abide at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation day and night seven days , and keep the charge of the LORD , that ye die not : for so I am commanded .
9 : 6 And Moses said , This is the thing which the LORD commanded that ye should do : and the glory of the LORD shall appear unto you .
10 : 7 And ye shall not go out from the door of the tabernacle of the congregation , lest ye die : for the anointing oil of the LORD is upon you .
10 : 8 And the LORD spake unto Aaron , saying , 10 : 9 Do not drink wine nor strong drink , thou , nor thy sons with thee , when ye go into the tabernacle of the congregation , lest ye die : it shall be a statute for ever throughout your generations : 10 : 10 And that ye may put difference between holy and unholy , and between unclean and clean ; 10 : 11 And that ye may teach the children of Israel all the statutes which the LORD hath spoken unto them by the hand of Moses .
10 : 12 And Moses spake unto Aaron , and unto Eleazar and unto Ithamar , his sons that were left , Take the meat offering that remaineth of the offerings of the LORD made by fire , and eat it without leaven beside the altar : for it is most holy : 10 : 13 And ye shall eat it in the holy place , because it is thy due , and thy sons ' due , of the sacrifices of the LORD made by fire : for so I am commanded .
10 : 14 And the wave breast and heave shoulder shall ye eat in a clean place ; thou , and thy sons , and thy daughters with thee : for they be thy due , and thy sons ' due , which are given out of the sacrifices of peace offerings of the children of Israel .
10 : 15 The heave shoulder and the wave breast shall they bring with the offerings made by fire of the fat , to wave it for a wave offering before the LORD ; and it shall be thine , and thy sons ' with thee , by a statute for ever ; as the LORD hath commanded .
11 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses and to Aaron , saying unto them , 11 : 2 Speak unto the children of Israel , saying , These are the beasts which ye shall eat among all the beasts that are on the earth .
11 : 3 Whatsoever parteth the hoof , and is clovenfooted , and cheweth the cud , among the beasts , that shall ye eat .
11 : 4 Nevertheless these shall ye not eat of them that chew the cud , or of them that divide the hoof : as the camel , because he cheweth the cud , but divideth not the hoof ; he is unclean unto you .
11 : 8 Of their flesh shall ye not eat , and their carcase shall ye not touch ; they are unclean to you .
11 : 9 These shall ye eat of all that are in the waters : whatsoever hath fins and scales in the waters , in the seas , and in the rivers , them shall ye eat .
11 : 10 And all that have not fins and scales in the seas , and in the rivers , of all that move in the waters , and of any living thing which is in the waters , they shall be an abomination unto you : 11 : 11 They shall be even an abomination unto you ; ye shall not eat of their flesh , but ye shall have their carcases in abomination .
11 : 12 Whatsoever hath no fins nor scales in the waters , that shall be an abomination unto you .
11 : 13 And these are they which ye shall have in abomination among the fowls ; they shall not be eaten , they are an abomination : the eagle , and the ossifrage , and the ospray , 11 : 14 And the vulture , and the kite after his kind ; 11 : 15 Every raven after his kind ; 11 : 16 And the owl , and the night hawk , and the cuckow , and the hawk after his kind , 11 : 17 And the little owl , and the cormorant , and the great owl , 11 : 18 And the swan , and the pelican , and the gier eagle , 11 : 19 And the stork , the heron after her kind , and the lapwing , and the bat .
11 : 20 All fowls that creep , going upon all four , shall be an abomination unto you .
11 : 23 But all other flying creeping things , which have four feet , shall be an abomination unto you .
11 : 24 And for these ye shall be unclean : whosoever toucheth the carcase of them shall be unclean until the even .
11 : 25 And whosoever beareth ought of the carcase of them shall wash his clothes , and be unclean until the even .
11 : 26 The carcases of every beast which divideth the hoof , and is not clovenfooted , nor cheweth the cud , are unclean unto you : every one that toucheth them shall be unclean .
11 : 27 And whatsoever goeth upon his paws , among all manner of beasts that go on all four , those are unclean unto you : whoso toucheth their carcase shall be unclean until the even .
11 : 28 And he that beareth the carcase of them shall wash his clothes , and be unclean until the even : they are unclean unto you .
11 : 29 These also shall be unclean unto you among the creeping things that creep upon the earth ; the weasel , and the mouse , and the tortoise after his kind , 11 : 30 And the ferret , and the chameleon , and the lizard , and the snail , and the mole .
11 : 31 These are unclean to you among all that creep : whosoever doth touch them , when they be dead , shall be unclean until the even .
11 : 32 And upon whatsoever any of them , when they are dead , doth fall , it shall be unclean ; whether it be any vessel of wood , or raiment , or skin , or sack , whatsoever vessel it be , wherein any work is done , it must be put into water , and it shall be unclean until the even ; so it shall be cleansed .
11 : 33 And every earthen vessel , whereinto any of them falleth , whatsoever is in it shall be unclean ; and ye shall break it .
11 : 34 Of all meat which may be eaten , that on which such water cometh shall be unclean : and all drink that may be drunk in every such vessel shall be unclean .
11 : 35 And every thing whereupon any part of their carcase falleth shall be unclean ; whether it be oven , or ranges for pots , they shall be broken down : for they are unclean and shall be unclean unto you .
11 : 36 Nevertheless a fountain or pit , wherein there is plenty of water , shall be clean : but that which toucheth their carcase shall be unclean .
11 : 37 And if any part of their carcase fall upon any sowing seed which is to be sown , it shall be clean .
11 : 38 But if any water be put upon the seed , and any part of their carcase fall thereon , it shall be unclean unto you .
11 : 39 And if any beast , of which ye may eat , die ; he that toucheth the carcase thereof shall be unclean until the even .
11 : 40 And he that eateth of the carcase of it shall wash his clothes , and be unclean until the even : he also that beareth the carcase of it shall wash his clothes , and be unclean until the even .
11 : 41 And every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth shall be an abomination ; it shall not be eaten .
11 : 42 Whatsoever goeth upon the belly , and whatsoever goeth upon all four , or whatsoever hath more feet among all creeping things that creep upon the earth , them ye shall not eat ; for they are an abomination .
11 : 43 Ye shall not make yourselves abominable with any creeping thing that creepeth , neither shall ye make yourselves unclean with them , that ye should be defiled thereby .
11 : 44 For I am the LORD your God : ye shall therefore sanctify yourselves , and ye shall be holy ; for I am holy : neither shall ye defile yourselves with any manner of creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth .
11 : 45 For I am the LORD that bringeth you up out of the land of Egypt , to be your God : ye shall therefore be holy , for I am holy .
12 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 12 : 2 Speak unto the children of Israel , saying , If a woman have conceived seed , and born a man child : then she shall be unclean seven days ; according to the days of the separation for her infirmity shall she be unclean .
12 : 3 And in the eighth day the flesh of his foreskin shall be circumcised .
12 : 4 And she shall then continue in the blood of her purifying three and thirty days ; she shall touch no hallowed thing , nor come into the sanctuary , until the days of her purifying be fulfilled .
12 : 5 But if she bear a maid child , then she shall be unclean two weeks , as in her separation : and she shall continue in the blood of her purifying threescore and six days .
12 : 6 And when the days of her purifying are fulfilled , for a son , or for a daughter , she shall bring a lamb of the first year for a burnt offering , and a young pigeon , or a turtledove , for a sin offering , unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation , unto the priest : 12 : 7 Who shall offer it before the LORD , and make an atonement for her ; and she shall be cleansed from the issue of her blood .
12 : 8 And if she be not able to bring a lamb , then she shall bring two turtles , or two young pigeons ; the one for the burnt offering , and the other for a sin offering : and the priest shall make an atonement for her , and she shall be clean .
13 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses and Aaron , saying , 13 : 2 When a man shall have in the skin of his flesh a rising , a scab , or bright spot , and it be in the skin of his flesh like the plague of leprosy ; then he shall be brought unto Aaron the priest , or unto one of his sons the priests : 13 : 3 And the priest shall look on the plague in the skin of the flesh : and when the hair in the plague is turned white , and the plague in sight be deeper than the skin of his flesh , it is a plague of leprosy : and the priest shall look on him , and pronounce him unclean .
13 : 4 If the bright spot be white in the skin of his flesh , and in sight be not deeper than the skin , and the hair thereof be not turned white ; then the priest shall shut up him that hath the plague seven days : 13 : 5 And the priest shall look on him the seventh day : and , behold , if the plague in his sight be at a stay , and the plague spread not in the skin ; then the priest shall shut him up seven days more : 13 : 6 And the priest shall look on him again the seventh day : and , behold , if the plague be somewhat dark , and the plague spread not in the skin , the priest shall pronounce him clean : it is but a scab : and he shall wash his clothes , and be clean .
13 : 7 But if the scab spread much abroad in the skin , after that he hath been seen of the priest for his cleansing , he shall be seen of the priest again .
13 : 8 And if the priest see that , behold , the scab spreadeth in the skin , then the priest shall pronounce him unclean : it is a leprosy .
13 : 9 When the plague of leprosy is in a man , then he shall be brought unto the priest ; 13 : 10 And the priest shall see him : and , behold , if the rising be white in the skin , and it have turned the hair white , and there be quick raw flesh in the rising ; 13 : 11 It is an old leprosy in the skin of his flesh , and the priest shall pronounce him unclean , and shall not shut him up : for he is unclean .
13 : 12 And if a leprosy break out abroad in the skin , and the leprosy cover all the skin of him that hath the plague from his head even to his foot , wheresoever the priest looketh ; 13 : 13 Then the priest shall consider : and , behold , if the leprosy have covered all his flesh , he shall pronounce him clean that hath the plague : it is all turned white : he is clean .
13 : 14 But when raw flesh appeareth in him , he shall be unclean .
13 : 15 And the priest shall see the raw flesh , and pronounce him to be unclean : for the raw flesh is unclean : it is a leprosy .
13 : 16 Or if the raw flesh turn again , and be changed unto white , he shall come unto the priest ; 13 : 17 And the priest shall see him : and , behold , if the plague be turned into white ; then the priest shall pronounce him clean that hath the plague : he is clean .
13 : 18 The flesh also , in which , even in the skin thereof , was a boil , and is healed , 13 : 19 And in the place of the boil there be a white rising , or a bright spot , white , and somewhat reddish , and it be shewed to the priest ; 13 : 20 And if , when the priest seeth it , behold , it be in sight lower than the skin , and the hair thereof be turned white ; the priest shall pronounce him unclean : it is a plague of leprosy broken out of the boil .
13 : 21 But if the priest look on it , and , behold , there be no white hairs therein , and if it be not lower than the skin , but be somewhat dark ; then the priest shall shut him up seven days : 13 : 22 And if it spread much abroad in the skin , then the priest shall pronounce him unclean : it is a plague .
13 : 23 But if the bright spot stay in his place , and spread not , it is a burning boil ; and the priest shall pronounce him clean .
13 : 24 Or if there be any flesh , in the skin whereof there is a hot burning , and the quick flesh that burneth have a white bright spot , somewhat reddish , or white ; 13 : 25 Then the priest shall look upon it : and , behold , if the hair in the bright spot be turned white , and it be in sight deeper than the skin ; it is a leprosy broken out of the burning : wherefore the priest shall pronounce him unclean : it is the plague of leprosy .
13 : 26 But if the priest look on it , and , behold , there be no white hair in the bright spot , and it be no lower than the other skin , but be somewhat dark ; then the priest shall shut him up seven days : 13 : 27 And the priest shall look upon him the seventh day : and if it be spread much abroad in the skin , then the priest shall pronounce him unclean : it is the plague of leprosy .
13 : 28 And if the bright spot stay in his place , and spread not in the skin , but it be somewhat dark ; it is a rising of the burning , and the priest shall pronounce him clean : for it is an inflammation of the burning .
13 : 29 If a man or woman have a plague upon the head or the beard ; 13 : 30 Then the priest shall see the plague : and , behold , if it be in sight deeper than the skin ; and there be in it a yellow thin hair ; then the priest shall pronounce him unclean : it is a dry scall , even a leprosy upon the head or beard .
13 : 31 And if the priest look on the plague of the scall , and , behold , it be not in sight deeper than the skin , and that there is no black hair in it ; then the priest shall shut up him that hath the plague of the scall seven days : 13 : 32 And in the seventh day the priest shall look on the plague : and , behold , if the scall spread not , and there be in it no yellow hair , and the scall be not in sight deeper than the skin ; 13 : 33 He shall be shaven , but the scall shall he not shave ; and the priest shall shut up him that hath the scall seven days more : 13 : 34 And in the seventh day the priest shall look on the scall : and , behold , if the scall be not spread in the skin , nor be in sight deeper than the skin ; then the priest shall pronounce him clean : and he shall wash his clothes , and be clean .
13 : 35 But if the scall spread much in the skin after his cleansing ; 13 : 36 Then the priest shall look on him : and , behold , if the scall be spread in the skin , the priest shall not seek for yellow hair ; he is unclean .
13 : 37 But if the scall be in his sight at a stay , and that there is black hair grown up therein ; the scall is healed , he is clean : and the priest shall pronounce him clean .
13 : 38 If a man also or a woman have in the skin of their flesh bright spots , even white bright spots ; 13 : 39 Then the priest shall look : and , behold , if the bright spots in the skin of their flesh be darkish white ; it is a freckled spot that groweth in the skin ; he is clean .
13 : 43 Then the priest shall look upon it : and , behold , if the rising of the sore be white reddish in his bald head , or in his bald forehead , as the leprosy appeareth in the skin of the flesh ; 13 : 44 He is a leprous man , he is unclean : the priest shall pronounce him utterly unclean ; his plague is in his head .
13 : 45 And the leper in whom the plague is , his clothes shall be rent , and his head bare , and he shall put a covering upon his upper lip , and shall cry , Unclean , unclean .
13 : 46 All the days wherein the plague shall be in him he shall be defiled ; he is unclean : he shall dwell alone ; without the camp shall his habitation be .
13 : 47 The garment also that the plague of leprosy is in , whether it be a woollen garment , or a linen garment ; 13 : 48 Whether it be in the warp , or woof ; of linen , or of woollen ; whether in a skin , or in any thing made of skin ; 13 : 49 And if the plague be greenish or reddish in the garment , or in the skin , either in the warp , or in the woof , or in any thing of skin ; it is a plague of leprosy , and shall be shewed unto the priest : 13 : 50 And the priest shall look upon the plague , and shut up it that hath the plague seven days : 13 : 51 And he shall look on the plague on the seventh day : if the plague be spread in the garment , either in the warp , or in the woof , or in a skin , or in any work that is made of skin ; the plague is a fretting leprosy ; it is unclean .
13 : 52 He shall therefore burn that garment , whether warp or woof , in woollen or in linen , or any thing of skin , wherein the plague is : for it is a fretting leprosy ; it shall be burnt in the fire .
13 : 53 And if the priest shall look , and , behold , the plague be not spread in the garment , either in the warp , or in the woof , or in any thing of skin ; 13 : 54 Then the priest shall command that they wash the thing wherein the plague is , and he shall shut it up seven days more : 13 : 55 And the priest shall look on the plague , after that it is washed : and , behold , if the plague have not changed his colour , and the plague be not spread ; it is unclean ; thou shalt burn it in the fire ; it is fret inward , whether it be bare within or without .
13 : 56 And if the priest look , and , behold , the plague be somewhat dark after the washing of it ; then he shall rend it out of the garment , or out of the skin , or out of the warp , or out of the woof : 13 : 57 And if it appear still in the garment , either in the warp , or in the woof , or in any thing of skin ; it is a spreading plague : thou shalt burn that wherein the plague is with fire .
13 : 58 And the garment , either warp , or woof , or whatsoever thing of skin it be , which thou shalt wash , if the plague be departed from them , then it shall be washed the second time , and shall be clean .
14 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 14 : 2 This shall be the law of the leper in the day of his cleansing : He shall be brought unto the priest : 14 : 3 And the priest shall go forth out of the camp ; and the priest shall look , and , behold , if the plague of leprosy be healed in the leper ; 14 : 4 Then shall the priest command to take for him that is to be cleansed two birds alive and clean , and cedar wood , and scarlet , and hyssop : 14 : 5 And the priest shall command that one of the birds be killed in an earthen vessel over running water : 14 : 6 As for the living bird , he shall take it , and the cedar wood , and the scarlet , and the hyssop , and shall dip them and the living bird in the blood of the bird that was killed over the running water : 14 : 7 And he shall sprinkle upon him that is to be cleansed from the leprosy seven times , and shall pronounce him clean , and shall let the living bird loose into the open field .
14 : 8 And he that is to be cleansed shall wash his clothes , and shave off all his hair , and wash himself in water , that he may be clean : and after that he shall come into the camp , and shall tarry abroad out of his tent seven days .
14 : 9 But it shall be on the seventh day , that he shall shave all his hair off his head and his beard and his eyebrows , even all his hair he shall shave off : and he shall wash his clothes , also he shall wash his flesh in water , and he shall be clean .
14 : 10 And on the eighth day he shall take two he lambs without blemish , and one ewe lamb of the first year without blemish , and three tenth deals of fine flour for a meat offering , mingled with oil , and one log of oil .
14 : 11 And the priest that maketh him clean shall present the man that is to be made clean , and those things , before the LORD , at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation : 14 : 12 And the priest shall take one he lamb , and offer him for a trespass offering , and the log of oil , and wave them for a wave offering before the LORD : 14 : 13 And he shall slay the lamb in the place where he shall kill the sin offering and the burnt offering , in the holy place : for as the sin offering is the priest ' s , so is the trespass offering : it is most holy : 14 : 14 And the priest shall take some of the blood of the trespass offering , and the priest shall put it upon the tip of the right ear of him that is to be cleansed , and upon the thumb of his right hand , and upon the great toe of his right foot : 14 : 15 And the priest shall take some of the log of oil , and pour it into the palm of his own left hand : 14 : 16 And the priest shall dip his right finger in the oil that is in his left hand , and shall sprinkle of the oil with his finger seven times before the LORD : 14 : 17 And of the rest of the oil that is in his hand shall the priest put upon the tip of the right ear of him that is to be cleansed , and upon the thumb of his right hand , and upon the great toe of his right foot , upon the blood of the trespass offering : 14 : 18 And the remnant of the oil that is in the priest ' s hand he shall pour upon the head of him that is to be cleansed : and the priest shall make an atonement for him before the LORD .
14 : 19 And the priest shall offer the sin offering , and make an atonement for him that is to be cleansed from his uncleanness ; and afterward he shall kill the burnt offering : 14 : 20 And the priest shall offer the burnt offering and the meat offering upon the altar : and the priest shall make an atonement for him , and he shall be clean .
14 : 21 And if he be poor , and cannot get so much ; then he shall take one lamb for a trespass offering to be waved , to make an atonement for him , and one tenth deal of fine flour mingled with oil for a meat offering , and a log of oil ; 14 : 22 And two turtledoves , or two young pigeons , such as he is able to get ; and the one shall be a sin offering , and the other a burnt offering .
14 : 23 And he shall bring them on the eighth day for his cleansing unto the priest , unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation , before the LORD .
14 : 24 And the priest shall take the lamb of the trespass offering , and the log of oil , and the priest shall wave them for a wave offering before the LORD : 14 : 25 And he shall kill the lamb of the trespass offering , and the priest shall take some of the blood of the trespass offering , and put it upon the tip of the right ear of him that is to be cleansed , and upon the thumb of his right hand , and upon the great toe of his right foot : 14 : 26 And the priest shall pour of the oil into the palm of his own left hand : 14 : 27 And the priest shall sprinkle with his right finger some of the oil that is in his left hand seven times before the LORD : 14 : 28 And the priest shall put of the oil that is in his hand upon the tip of the right ear of him that is to be cleansed , and upon the thumb of his right hand , and upon the great toe of his right foot , upon the place of the blood of the trespass offering : 14 : 29 And the rest of the oil that is in the priest ' s hand he shall put upon the head of him that is to be cleansed , to make an atonement for him before the LORD .
14 : 30 And he shall offer the one of the turtledoves , or of the young pigeons , such as he can get ; 14 : 31 Even such as he is able to get , the one for a sin offering , and the other for a burnt offering , with the meat offering : and the priest shall make an atonement for him that is to be cleansed before the LORD .
14 : 33 And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron , saying , 14 : 34 When ye be come into the land of Canaan , which I give to you for a possession , and I put the plague of leprosy in a house of the land of your possession ; 14 : 35 And he that owneth the house shall come and tell the priest , saying , It seemeth to me there is as it were a plague in the house : 14 : 36 Then the priest shall command that they empty the house , before the priest go into it to see the plague , that all that is in the house be not made unclean : and afterward the priest shall go in to see the house : 14 : 37 And he shall look on the plague , and , behold , if the plague be in the walls of the house with hollow strakes , greenish or reddish , which in sight are lower than the wall ; 14 : 38 Then the priest shall go out of the house to the door of the house , and shut up the house seven days : 14 : 39 And the priest shall come again the seventh day , and shall look : and , behold , if the plague be spread in the walls of the house ; 14 : 40 Then the priest shall command that they take away the stones in which the plague is , and they shall cast them into an unclean place without the city : 14 : 41 And he shall cause the house to be scraped within round about , and they shall pour out the dust that they scrape off without the city into an unclean place : 14 : 42 And they shall take other stones , and put them in the place of those stones ; and he shall take other morter , and shall plaister the house .
14 : 43 And if the plague come again , and break out in the house , after that he hath taken away the stones , and after he hath scraped the house , and after it is plaistered ; 14 : 44 Then the priest shall come and look , and , behold , if the plague be spread in the house , it is a fretting leprosy in the house ; it is unclean .
14 : 45 And he shall break down the house , the stones of it , and the timber thereof , and all the morter of the house ; and he shall carry them forth out of the city into an unclean place .
14 : 46 Moreover he that goeth into the house all the while that it is shut up shall be unclean until the even .
14 : 47 And he that lieth in the house shall wash his clothes ; and he that eateth in the house shall wash his clothes .
14 : 48 And if the priest shall come in , and look upon it , and , behold , the plague hath not spread in the house , after the house was plaistered : then the priest shall pronounce the house clean , because the plague is healed .
14 : 49 And he shall take to cleanse the house two birds , and cedar wood , and scarlet , and hyssop : 14 : 50 And he shall kill the one of the birds in an earthen vessel over running water : 14 : 51 And he shall take the cedar wood , and the hyssop , and the scarlet , and the living bird , and dip them in the blood of the slain bird , and in the running water , and sprinkle the house seven times : 14 : 52 And he shall cleanse the house with the blood of the bird , and with the running water , and with the living bird , and with the cedar wood , and with the hyssop , and with the scarlet : 14 : 53 But he shall let go the living bird out of the city into the open fields , and make an atonement for the house : and it shall be clean .
15 : 3 And this shall be his uncleanness in his issue : whether his flesh run with his issue , or his flesh be stopped from his issue , it is his uncleanness .
15 : 4 Every bed , whereon he lieth that hath the issue , is unclean : and every thing , whereon he sitteth , shall be unclean .
15 : 5 And whosoever toucheth his bed shall wash his clothes , and bathe himself in water , and be unclean until the even .
15 : 6 And he that sitteth on any thing whereon he sat that hath the issue shall wash his clothes , and bathe himself in water , and be unclean until the even .
15 : 7 And he that toucheth the flesh of him that hath the issue shall wash his clothes , and bathe himself in water , and be unclean until the even .
15 : 8 And if he that hath the issue spit upon him that is clean ; then he shall wash his clothes , and bathe himself in water , and be unclean until the even .
15 : 9 And what saddle soever he rideth upon that hath the issue shall be unclean .
15 : 10 And whosoever toucheth any thing that was under him shall be unclean until the even : and he that beareth any of those things shall wash his clothes , and bathe himself in water , and be unclean until the even .
15 : 11 And whomsoever he toucheth that hath the issue , and hath not rinsed his hands in water , he shall wash his clothes , and bathe himself in water , and be unclean until the even .
15 : 12 And the vessel of earth , that he toucheth which hath the issue , shall be broken : and every vessel of wood shall be rinsed in water .
15 : 13 And when he that hath an issue is cleansed of his issue ; then he shall number to himself seven days for his cleansing , and wash his clothes , and bathe his flesh in running water , and shall be clean .
15 : 14 And on the eighth day he shall take to him two turtledoves , or two young pigeons , and come before the LORD unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation , and give them unto the priest : 15 : 15 And the priest shall offer them , the one for a sin offering , and the other for a burnt offering ; and the priest shall make an atonement for him before the LORD for his issue .
15 : 16 And if any man ' s seed of copulation go out from him , then he shall wash all his flesh in water , and be unclean until the even .
15 : 17 And every garment , and every skin , whereon is the seed of copulation , shall be washed with water , and be unclean until the even .
15 : 18 The woman also with whom man shall lie with seed of copulation , they shall both bathe themselves in water , and be unclean until the even .
15 : 19 And if a woman have an issue , and her issue in her flesh be blood , she shall be put apart seven days : and whosoever toucheth her shall be unclean until the even .
15 : 20 And every thing that she lieth upon in her separation shall be unclean : every thing also that she sitteth upon shall be unclean .
15 : 21 And whosoever toucheth her bed shall wash his clothes , and bathe himself in water , and be unclean until the even .
15 : 22 And whosoever toucheth any thing that she sat upon shall wash his clothes , and bathe himself in water , and be unclean until the even .
15 : 23 And if it be on her bed , or on any thing whereon she sitteth , when he toucheth it , he shall be unclean until the even .
15 : 24 And if any man lie with her at all , and her flowers be upon him , he shall be unclean seven days ; and all the bed whereon he lieth shall be unclean .
15 : 25 And if a woman have an issue of her blood many days out of the time of her separation , or if it run beyond the time of her separation ; all the days of the issue of her uncleanness shall be as the days of her separation : she shall be unclean .
15 : 26 Every bed whereon she lieth all the days of her issue shall be unto her as the bed of her separation : and whatsoever she sitteth upon shall be unclean , as the uncleanness of her separation .
15 : 27 And whosoever toucheth those things shall be unclean , and shall wash his clothes , and bathe himself in water , and be unclean until the even .
15 : 28 But if she be cleansed of her issue , then she shall number to herself seven days , and after that she shall be clean .
15 : 29 And on the eighth day she shall take unto her two turtles , or two young pigeons , and bring them unto the priest , to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation .
15 : 30 And the priest shall offer the one for a sin offering , and the other for a burnt offering ; and the priest shall make an atonement for her before the LORD for the issue of her uncleanness .
15 : 31 Thus shall ye separate the children of Israel from their uncleanness ; that they die not in their uncleanness , when they defile my tabernacle that is among them .
16 : 3 Thus shall Aaron come into the holy place : with a young bullock for a sin offering , and a ram for a burnt offering .
16 : 4 He shall put on the holy linen coat , and he shall have the linen breeches upon his flesh , and shall be girded with a linen girdle , and with the linen mitre shall he be attired : these are holy garments ; therefore shall he wash his flesh in water , and so put them on .
16 : 5 And he shall take of the congregation of the children of Israel two kids of the goats for a sin offering , and one ram for a burnt offering .
16 : 6 And Aaron shall offer his bullock of the sin offering , which is for himself , and make an atonement for himself , and for his house .
16 : 7 And he shall take the two goats , and present them before the LORD at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation .
16 : 8 And Aaron shall cast lots upon the two goats ; one lot for the LORD , and the other lot for the scapegoat .
16 : 9 And Aaron shall bring the goat upon which the LORD ' s lot fell , and offer him for a sin offering .
16 : 10 But the goat , on which the lot fell to be the scapegoat , shall be presented alive before the LORD , to make an atonement with him , and to let him go for a scapegoat into the wilderness .
16 : 11 And Aaron shall bring the bullock of the sin offering , which is for himself , and shall make an atonement for himself , and for his house , and shall kill the bullock of the sin offering which is for himself : 16 : 12 And he shall take a censer full of burning coals of fire from off the altar before the LORD , and his hands full of sweet incense beaten small , and bring it within the vail : 16 : 13 And he shall put the incense upon the fire before the LORD , that the cloud of the incense may cover the mercy seat that is upon the testimony , that he die not : 16 : 14 And he shall take of the blood of the bullock , and sprinkle it with his finger upon the mercy seat eastward ; and before the mercy seat shall he sprinkle of the blood with his finger seven times .
16 : 15 Then shall he kill the goat of the sin offering , that is for the people , and bring his blood within the vail , and do with that blood as he did with the blood of the bullock , and sprinkle it upon the mercy seat , and before the mercy seat : 16 : 16 And he shall make an atonement for the holy place , because of the uncleanness of the children of Israel , and because of their transgressions in all their sins : and so shall he do for the tabernacle of the congregation , that remaineth among them in the midst of their uncleanness .
16 : 17 And there shall be no man in the tabernacle of the congregation when he goeth in to make an atonement in the holy place , until he come out , and have made an atonement for himself , and for his household , and for all the congregation of Israel .
16 : 18 And he shall go out unto the altar that is before the LORD , and make an atonement for it ; and shall take of the blood of the bullock , and of the blood of the goat , and put it upon the horns of the altar round about .
16 : 19 And he shall sprinkle of the blood upon it with his finger seven times , and cleanse it , and hallow it from the uncleanness of the children of Israel .
16 : 20 And when he hath made an end of reconciling the holy place , and the tabernacle of the congregation , and the altar , he shall bring the live goat : 16 : 21 And Aaron shall lay both his hands upon the head of the live goat , and confess over him all the iniquities of the children of Israel , and all their transgressions in all their sins , putting them upon the head of the goat , and shall send him away by the hand of a fit man into the wilderness : 16 : 22 And the goat shall bear upon him all their iniquities unto a land not inhabited : and he shall let go the goat in the wilderness .
16 : 23 And Aaron shall come into the tabernacle of the congregation , and shall put off the linen garments , which he put on when he went into the holy place , and shall leave them there : 16 : 24 And he shall wash his flesh with water in the holy place , and put on his garments , and come forth , and offer his burnt offering , and the burnt offering of the people , and make an atonement for himself , and for the people .
16 : 25 And the fat of the sin offering shall he burn upon the altar .
16 : 26 And he that let go the goat for the scapegoat shall wash his clothes , and bathe his flesh in water , and afterward come into the camp .
16 : 27 And the bullock for the sin offering , and the goat for the sin offering , whose blood was brought in to make atonement in the holy place , shall one carry forth without the camp ; and they shall burn in the fire their skins , and their flesh , and their dung .
16 : 28 And he that burneth them shall wash his clothes , and bathe his flesh in water , and afterward he shall come into the camp .
16 : 29 And this shall be a statute for ever unto you : that in the seventh month , on the tenth day of the month , ye shall afflict your souls , and do no work at all , whether it be one of your own country , or a stranger that sojourneth among you : 16 : 30 For on that day shall the priest make an atonement for you , to cleanse you , that ye may be clean from all your sins before the LORD .
16 : 31 It shall be a sabbath of rest unto you , and ye shall afflict your souls , by a statute for ever .
16 : 32 And the priest , whom he shall anoint , and whom he shall consecrate to minister in the priest ' s office in his father ' s stead , shall make the atonement , and shall put on the linen clothes , even the holy garments : 16 : 33 And he shall make an atonement for the holy sanctuary , and he shall make an atonement for the tabernacle of the congregation , and for the altar , and he shall make an atonement for the priests , and for all the people of the congregation .
16 : 34 And this shall be an everlasting statute unto you , to make an atonement for the children of Israel for all their sins once a year .
17 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 17 : 2 Speak unto Aaron , and unto his sons , and unto all the children of Israel , and say unto them ; This is the thing which the LORD hath commanded , saying , 17 : 3 What man soever there be of the house of Israel , that killeth an ox , or lamb , or goat , in the camp , or that killeth it out of the camp , 17 : 4 And bringeth it not unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation , to offer an offering unto the LORD before the tabernacle of the LORD ; blood shall be imputed unto that man ; he hath shed blood ; and that man shall be cut off from among his people : 17 : 5 To the end that the children of Israel may bring their sacrifices , which they offer in the open field , even that they may bring them unto the LORD , unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation , unto the priest , and offer them for peace offerings unto the LORD .
17 : 6 And the priest shall sprinkle the blood upon the altar of the LORD at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation , and burn the fat for a sweet savour unto the LORD .
17 : 7 And they shall no more offer their sacrifices unto devils , after whom they have gone a whoring .
This shall be a statute for ever unto them throughout their generations .
17 : 8 And thou shalt say unto them , Whatsoever man there be of the house of Israel , or of the strangers which sojourn among you , that offereth a burnt offering or sacrifice , 17 : 9 And bringeth it not unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation , to offer it unto the LORD ; even that man shall be cut off from among his people .
17 : 12 Therefore I said unto the children of Israel , No soul of you shall eat blood , neither shall any stranger that sojourneth among you eat blood .
17 : 13 And whatsoever man there be of the children of Israel , or of the strangers that sojourn among you , which hunteth and catcheth any beast or fowl that may be eaten ; he shall even pour out the blood thereof , and cover it with dust .
17 : 14 For it is the life of all flesh ; the blood of it is for the life thereof : therefore I said unto the children of Israel , Ye shall eat the blood of no manner of flesh : for the life of all flesh is the blood thereof : whosoever eateth it shall be cut off .
17 : 15 And every soul that eateth that which died of itself , or that which was torn with beasts , whether it be one of your own country , or a stranger , he shall both wash his clothes , and bathe himself in water , and be unclean until the even : then shall he be clean .
17 : 16 But if he wash them not , nor bathe his flesh ; then he shall bear his iniquity .
18 : 3 After the doings of the land of Egypt , wherein ye dwelt , shall ye not do : and after the doings of the land of Canaan , whither I bring you , shall ye not do : neither shall ye walk in their ordinances .
18 : 4 Ye shall do my judgments , and keep mine ordinances , to walk therein : I am the LORD your God .
18 : 5 Ye shall therefore keep my statutes , and my judgments : which if a man do , he shall live in them : I am the LORD .
18 : 6 None of you shall approach to any that is near of kin to him , to uncover their nakedness : I am the LORD .
18 : 23 Neither shalt thou lie with any beast to defile thyself therewith : neither shall any woman stand before a beast to lie down thereto : it is confusion .
18 : 26 Ye shall therefore keep my statutes and my judgments , and shall not commit any of these abominations ; neither any of your own nation , nor any stranger that sojourneth among you : 18 : 27 ( For all these abominations have the men of the land done , which were before you , and the land is defiled ;) 18 : 28 That the land spue not you out also , when ye defile it , as it spued out the nations that were before you .
18 : 29 For whosoever shall commit any of these abominations , even the souls that commit them shall be cut off from among their people .
18 : 30 Therefore shall ye keep mine ordinance , that ye commit not any one of these abominable customs , which were committed before you , and that ye defile not yourselves therein : I am the LORD your God .
19 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 19 : 2 Speak unto all the congregation of the children of Israel , and say unto them , Ye shall be holy : for I the LORD your God am holy .
19 : 3 Ye shall fear every man his mother , and his father , and keep my sabbaths : I am the LORD your God .
19 : 5 And if ye offer a sacrifice of peace offerings unto the LORD , ye shall offer it at your own will .
19 : 6 It shall be eaten the same day ye offer it , and on the morrow : and if ought remain until the third day , it shall be burnt in the fire .
19 : 7 And if it be eaten at all on the third day , it is abominable ; it shall not be accepted .
19 : 8 Therefore every one that eateth it shall bear his iniquity , because he hath profaned the hallowed thing of the LORD : and that soul shall be cut off from among his people .
19 : 11 Ye shall not steal , neither deal falsely , neither lie one to another .
19 : 12 And ye shall not swear by my name falsely , neither shalt thou profane the name of thy God : I am the LORD .
19 : 13 Thou shalt not defraud thy neighbour , neither rob him : the wages of him that is hired shall not abide with thee all night until the morning .
19 : 15 Ye shall do no unrighteousness in judgment : thou shalt not respect the person of the poor , nor honor the person of the mighty : but in righteousness shalt thou judge thy neighbour .
19 : 19 Ye shall keep my statutes .
Thou shalt not let thy cattle gender with a diverse kind : thou shalt not sow thy field with mingled seed : neither shall a garment mingled of linen and woollen come upon thee .
19 : 20 And whosoever lieth carnally with a woman , that is a bondmaid , betrothed to an husband , and not at all redeemed , nor freedom given her ; she shall be scourged ; they shall not be put to death , because she was not free .
19 : 21 And he shall bring his trespass offering unto the LORD , unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation , even a ram for a trespass offering .
19 : 22 And the priest shall make an atonement for him with the ram of the trespass offering before the LORD for his sin which he hath done : and the sin which he hath done shall be forgiven him .
19 : 23 And when ye shall come into the land , and shall have planted all manner of trees for food , then ye shall count the fruit thereof as uncircumcised : three years shall it be as uncircumcised unto you : it shall not be eaten of .
19 : 24 But in the fourth year all the fruit thereof shall be holy to praise the LORD withal .
19 : 25 And in the fifth year shall ye eat of the fruit thereof , that it may yield unto you the increase thereof : I am the LORD your God .
19 : 26 Ye shall not eat any thing with the blood : neither shall ye use enchantment , nor observe times .
19 : 27 Ye shall not round the corners of your heads , neither shalt thou mar the corners of thy beard .
19 : 28 Ye shall not make any cuttings in your flesh for the dead , nor print any marks upon you : I am the LORD .
19 : 30 Ye shall keep my sabbaths , and reverence my sanctuary : I am the LORD .
19 : 33 And if a stranger sojourn with thee in your land , ye shall not vex him .
19 : 34 But the stranger that dwelleth with you shall be unto you as one born among you , and thou shalt love him as thyself ; for ye were strangers in the land of Egypt : I am the LORD your God .
19 : 35 Ye shall do no unrighteousness in judgment , in meteyard , in weight , or in measure .
19 : 36 Just balances , just weights , a just ephah , and a just hin , shall ye have : I am the LORD your God , which brought you out of the land of Egypt .
19 : 37 Therefore shall ye observe all my statutes , and all my judgments , and do them : I am the LORD .
20 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 20 : 2 Again , thou shalt say to the children of Israel , Whosoever he be of the children of Israel , or of the strangers that sojourn in Israel , that giveth any of his seed unto Molech ; he shall surely be put to death : the people of the land shall stone him with stones .
20 : 8 And ye shall keep my statutes , and do them : I am the LORD which sanctify you .
20 : 9 For every one that curseth his father or his mother shall be surely put to death : he hath cursed his father or his mother ; his blood shall be upon him .
20 : 10 And the man that committeth adultery with another man ' s wife , even he that committeth adultery with his neighbour ' s wife , the adulterer and the adulteress shall surely be put to death .
20 : 11 And the man that lieth with his father ' s wife hath uncovered his father ' s nakedness : both of them shall surely be put to death ; their blood shall be upon them .
20 : 12 And if a man lie with his daughter in law , both of them shall surely be put to death : they have wrought confusion ; their blood shall be upon them .
20 : 13 If a man also lie with mankind , as he lieth with a woman , both of them have committed an abomination : they shall surely be put to death ; their blood shall be upon them .
20 : 14 And if a man take a wife and her mother , it is wickedness : they shall be burnt with fire , both he and they ; that there be no wickedness among you .
20 : 15 And if a man lie with a beast , he shall surely be put to death : and ye shall slay the beast .
20 : 16 And if a woman approach unto any beast , and lie down thereto , thou shalt kill the woman , and the beast : they shall surely be put to death ; their blood shall be upon them .
20 : 17 And if a man shall take his sister , his father ' s daughter , or his mother ' s daughter , and see her nakedness , and she see his nakedness ; it is a wicked thing ; and they shall be cut off in the sight of their people : he hath uncovered his sister ' s nakedness ; he shall bear his iniquity .
20 : 18 And if a man shall lie with a woman having her sickness , and shall uncover her nakedness ; he hath discovered her fountain , and she hath uncovered the fountain of her blood : and both of them shall be cut off from among their people .
20 : 19 And thou shalt not uncover the nakedness of thy mother ' s sister , nor of thy father ' s sister : for he uncovereth his near kin : they shall bear their iniquity .
20 : 20 And if a man shall lie with his uncle ' s wife , he hath uncovered his uncle ' s nakedness : they shall bear their sin ; they shall die childless .
20 : 21 And if a man shall take his brother ' s wife , it is an unclean thing : he hath uncovered his brother ' s nakedness ; they shall be childless .
20 : 22 Ye shall therefore keep all my statutes , and all my judgments , and do them : that the land , whither I bring you to dwell therein , spue you not out .
20 : 23 And ye shall not walk in the manners of the nation , which I cast out before you : for they committed all these things , and therefore I abhorred them .
20 : 24 But I have said unto you , Ye shall inherit their land , and I will give it unto you to possess it , a land that floweth with milk and honey : I am the LORD your God , which have separated you from other people .
20 : 25 Ye shall therefore put difference between clean beasts and unclean , and between unclean fowls and clean : and ye shall not make your souls abominable by beast , or by fowl , or by any manner of living thing that creepeth on the ground , which I have separated from you as unclean .
20 : 26 And ye shall be holy unto me : for I the LORD am holy , and have severed you from other people , that ye should be mine .
20 : 27 A man also or woman that hath a familiar spirit , or that is a wizard , shall surely be put to death : they shall stone them with stones : their blood shall be upon them .
21 : 1 And the LORD said unto Moses , Speak unto the priests the sons of Aaron , and say unto them , There shall none be defiled for the dead among his people : 21 : 2 But for his kin , that is near unto him , that is , for his mother , and for his father , and for his son , and for his daughter , and for his brother .
21 : 4 But he shall not defile himself , being a chief man among his people , to profane himself .
21 : 5 They shall not make baldness upon their head , neither shall they shave off the corner of their beard , nor make any cuttings in their flesh .
21 : 6 They shall be holy unto their God , and not profane the name of their God : for the offerings of the LORD made by fire , and the bread of their God , they do offer : therefore they shall be holy .
21 : 7 They shall not take a wife that is a whore , or profane ; neither shall they take a woman put away from her husband : for he is holy unto his God .
21 : 8 Thou shalt sanctify him therefore ; for he offereth the bread of thy God : he shall be holy unto thee : for I the LORD , which sanctify you , am holy .
21 : 9 And the daughter of any priest , if she profane herself by playing the whore , she profaneth her father : she shall be burnt with fire .
21 : 10 And he that is the high priest among his brethren , upon whose head the anointing oil was poured , and that is consecrated to put on the garments , shall not uncover his head , nor rend his clothes ; 21 : 11 Neither shall he go in to any dead body , nor defile himself for his father , or for his mother ; 21 : 12 Neither shall he go out of the sanctuary , nor profane the sanctuary of his God ; for the crown of the anointing oil of his God is upon him : I am the LORD .
21 : 13 And he shall take a wife in her virginity .
21 : 14 A widow , or a divorced woman , or profane , or an harlot , these shall he not take : but he shall take a virgin of his own people to wife .
21 : 15 Neither shall he profane his seed among his people : for I the LORD do sanctify him .
21 : 18 For whatsoever man he be that hath a blemish , he shall not approach : a blind man , or a lame , or he that hath a flat nose , or any thing superfluous , 21 : 19 Or a man that is brokenfooted , or brokenhanded , 21 : 20 Or crookbackt , or a dwarf , or that hath a blemish in his eye , or be scurvy , or scabbed , or hath his stones broken ; 21 : 21 No man that hath a blemish of the seed of Aaron the priest shall come nigh to offer the offerings of the LORD made by fire : he hath a blemish ; he shall not come nigh to offer the bread of his God .
21 : 22 He shall eat the bread of his God , both of the most holy , and of the holy .
21 : 23 Only he shall not go in unto the vail , nor come nigh unto the altar , because he hath a blemish ; that he profane not my sanctuaries : for I the LORD do sanctify them .
22 : 3 Say unto them , Whosoever he be of all your seed among your generations , that goeth unto the holy things , which the children of Israel hallow unto the LORD , having his uncleanness upon him , that soul shall be cut off from my presence : I am the LORD .
22 : 4 What man soever of the seed of Aaron is a leper , or hath a running issue ; he shall not eat of the holy things , until he be clean .
And whoso toucheth any thing that is unclean by the dead , or a man whose seed goeth from him ; 22 : 5 Or whosoever toucheth any creeping thing , whereby he may be made unclean , or a man of whom he may take uncleanness , whatsoever uncleanness he hath ; 22 : 6 The soul which hath touched any such shall be unclean until even , and shall not eat of the holy things , unless he wash his flesh with water .
22 : 7 And when the sun is down , he shall be clean , and shall afterward eat of the holy things ; because it is his food .
22 : 8 That which dieth of itself , or is torn with beasts , he shall not eat to defile himself therewith ; I am the LORD .
22 : 9 They shall therefore keep mine ordinance , lest they bear sin for it , and die therefore , if they profane it : I the LORD do sanctify them .
22 : 10 There shall no stranger eat of the holy thing : a sojourner of the priest , or an hired servant , shall not eat of the holy thing .
22 : 11 But if the priest buy any soul with his money , he shall eat of it , and he that is born in his house : they shall eat of his meat .
22 : 13 But if the priest ' s daughter be a widow , or divorced , and have no child , and is returned unto her father ' s house , as in her youth , she shall eat of her father ' s meat : but there shall be no stranger eat thereof .
22 : 14 And if a man eat of the holy thing unwittingly , then he shall put the fifth part thereof unto it , and shall give it unto the priest with the holy thing .
22 : 15 And they shall not profane the holy things of the children of Israel , which they offer unto the LORD ; 22 : 16 Or suffer them to bear the iniquity of trespass , when they eat their holy things : for I the LORD do sanctify them .
22 : 17 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 22 : 18 Speak unto Aaron , and to his sons , and unto all the children of Israel , and say unto them , Whatsoever he be of the house of Israel , or of the strangers in Israel , that will offer his oblation for all his vows , and for all his freewill offerings , which they will offer unto the LORD for a burnt offering ; 22 : 19 Ye shall offer at your own will a male without blemish , of the beeves , of the sheep , or of the goats .
22 : 20 But whatsoever hath a blemish , that shall ye not offer : for it shall not be acceptable for you .
22 : 21 And whosoever offereth a sacrifice of peace offerings unto the LORD to accomplish his vow , or a freewill offering in beeves or sheep , it shall be perfect to be accepted ; there shall be no blemish therein .
22 : 22 Blind , or broken , or maimed , or having a wen , or scurvy , or scabbed , ye shall not offer these unto the LORD , nor make an offering by fire of them upon the altar unto the LORD .
22 : 23 Either a bullock or a lamb that hath any thing superfluous or lacking in his parts , that mayest thou offer for a freewill offering ; but for a vow it shall not be accepted .
22 : 24 Ye shall not offer unto the LORD that which is bruised , or crushed , or broken , or cut ; neither shall ye make any offering thereof in your land .
22 : 25 Neither from a stranger ' s hand shall ye offer the bread of your God of any of these ; because their corruption is in them , and blemishes be in them : they shall not be accepted for you .
22 : 26 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 22 : 27 When a bullock , or a sheep , or a goat , is brought forth , then it shall be seven days under the dam ; and from the eighth day and thenceforth it shall be accepted for an offering made by fire unto the LORD .
22 : 28 And whether it be cow , or ewe , ye shall not kill it and her young both in one day .
22 : 30 On the same day it shall be eaten up ; ye shall leave none of it until the morrow : I am the LORD .
22 : 31 Therefore shall ye keep my commandments , and do them : I am the LORD .
22 : 32 Neither shall ye profane my holy name ; but I will be hallowed among the children of Israel : I am the LORD which hallow you , 22 : 33 That brought you out of the land of Egypt , to be your God : I am the LORD .
23 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 23 : 2 Speak unto the children of Israel , and say unto them , Concerning the feasts of the LORD , which ye shall proclaim to be holy convocations , even these are my feasts .
23 : 3 Six days shall work be done : but the seventh day is the sabbath of rest , an holy convocation ; ye shall do no work therein : it is the sabbath of the LORD in all your dwellings .
23 : 4 These are the feasts of the LORD , even holy convocations , which ye shall proclaim in their seasons .
23 : 7 In the first day ye shall have an holy convocation : ye shall do no servile work therein .
23 : 8 But ye shall offer an offering made by fire unto the LORD seven days : in the seventh day is an holy convocation : ye shall do no servile work therein .
23 : 9 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 23 : 10 Speak unto the children of Israel , and say unto them , When ye be come into the land which I give unto you , and shall reap the harvest thereof , then ye shall bring a sheaf of the firstfruits of your harvest unto the priest : 23 : 11 And he shall wave the sheaf before the LORD , to be accepted for you : on the morrow after the sabbath the priest shall wave it .
23 : 12 And ye shall offer that day when ye wave the sheaf an he lamb without blemish of the first year for a burnt offering unto the LORD .
23 : 13 And the meat offering thereof shall be two tenth deals of fine flour mingled with oil , an offering made by fire unto the LORD for a sweet savour : and the drink offering thereof shall be of wine , the fourth part of an hin .
23 : 14 And ye shall eat neither bread , nor parched corn , nor green ears , until the selfsame day that ye have brought an offering unto your God : it shall be a statute for ever throughout your generations in all your dwellings .
23 : 15 And ye shall count unto you from the morrow after the sabbath , from the day that ye brought the sheaf of the wave offering ; seven sabbaths shall be complete : 23 : 16 Even unto the morrow after the seventh sabbath shall ye number fifty days ; and ye shall offer a new meat offering unto the LORD .
23 : 17 Ye shall bring out of your habitations two wave loaves of two tenth deals ; they shall be of fine flour ; they shall be baken with leaven ; they are the firstfruits unto the LORD .
23 : 18 And ye shall offer with the bread seven lambs without blemish of the first year , and one young bullock , and two rams : they shall be for a burnt offering unto the LORD , with their meat offering , and their drink offerings , even an offering made by fire , of sweet savour unto the LORD .
23 : 19 Then ye shall sacrifice one kid of the goats for a sin offering , and two lambs of the first year for a sacrifice of peace offerings .
23 : 20 And the priest shall wave them with the bread of the firstfruits for a wave offering before the LORD , with the two lambs : they shall be holy to the LORD for the priest .
23 : 21 And ye shall proclaim on the selfsame day , that it may be an holy convocation unto you : ye shall do no servile work therein : it shall be a statute for ever in all your dwellings throughout your generations .
23 : 23 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 23 : 24 Speak unto the children of Israel , saying , In the seventh month , in the first day of the month , shall ye have a sabbath , a memorial of blowing of trumpets , an holy convocation .
23 : 25 Ye shall do no servile work therein : but ye shall offer an offering made by fire unto the LORD .
23 : 26 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 23 : 27 Also on the tenth day of this seventh month there shall be a day of atonement : it shall be an holy convocation unto you ; and ye shall afflict your souls , and offer an offering made by fire unto the LORD .
23 : 28 And ye shall do no work in that same day : for it is a day of atonement , to make an atonement for you before the LORD your God .
23 : 29 For whatsoever soul it be that shall not be afflicted in that same day , he shall be cut off from among his people .
23 : 31 Ye shall do no manner of work : it shall be a statute for ever throughout your generations in all your dwellings .
23 : 32 It shall be unto you a sabbath of rest , and ye shall afflict your souls : in the ninth day of the month at even , from even unto even , shall ye celebrate your sabbath .
23 : 33 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 23 : 34 Speak unto the children of Israel , saying , The fifteenth day of this seventh month shall be the feast of tabernacles for seven days unto the LORD .
23 : 35 On the first day shall be an holy convocation : ye shall do no servile work therein .
23 : 36 Seven days ye shall offer an offering made by fire unto the LORD : on the eighth day shall be an holy convocation unto you ; and ye shall offer an offering made by fire unto the LORD : it is a solemn assembly ; and ye shall do no servile work therein .
23 : 37 These are the feasts of the LORD , which ye shall proclaim to be holy convocations , to offer an offering made by fire unto the LORD , a burnt offering , and a meat offering , a sacrifice , and drink offerings , every thing upon his day : 23 : 38 Beside the sabbaths of the LORD , and beside your gifts , and beside all your vows , and beside all your freewill offerings , which ye give unto the LORD .
23 : 39 Also in the fifteenth day of the seventh month , when ye have gathered in the fruit of the land , ye shall keep a feast unto the LORD seven days : on the first day shall be a sabbath , and on the eighth day shall be a sabbath .
23 : 40 And ye shall take you on the first day the boughs of goodly trees , branches of palm trees , and the boughs of thick trees , and willows of the brook ; and ye shall rejoice before the LORD your God seven days .
23 : 41 And ye shall keep it a feast unto the LORD seven days in the year .
It shall be a statute for ever in your generations : ye shall celebrate it in the seventh month .
23 : 42 Ye shall dwell in booths seven days ; all that are Israelites born shall dwell in booths : 23 : 43 That your generations may know that I made the children of Israel to dwell in booths , when I brought them out of the land of Egypt : I am the LORD your God .
24 : 3 Without the vail of the testimony , in the tabernacle of the congregation , shall Aaron order it from the evening unto the morning before the LORD continually : it shall be a statute for ever in your generations .
24 : 4 He shall order the lamps upon the pure candlestick before the LORD continually .
24 : 5 And thou shalt take fine flour , and bake twelve cakes thereof : two tenth deals shall be in one cake .
24 : 8 Every sabbath he shall set it in order before the LORD continually , being taken from the children of Israel by an everlasting covenant .
24 : 9 And it shall be Aaron ' s and his sons '; and they shall eat it in the holy place : for it is most holy unto him of the offerings of the LORD made by fire by a perpetual statute .
24 : 15 And thou shalt speak unto the children of Israel , saying , Whosoever curseth his God shall bear his sin .
24 : 16 And he that blasphemeth the name of the LORD , he shall surely be put to death , and all the congregation shall certainly stone him : as well the stranger , as he that is born in the land , when he blasphemeth the name of the Lord , shall be put to death .
24 : 17 And he that killeth any man shall surely be put to death .
24 : 18 And he that killeth a beast shall make it good ; beast for beast .
24 : 19 And if a man cause a blemish in his neighbour ; as he hath done , so shall it be done to him ; 24 : 20 Breach for breach , eye for eye , tooth for tooth : as he hath caused a blemish in a man , so shall it be done to him again .
24 : 21 And he that killeth a beast , he shall restore it : and he that killeth a man , he shall be put to death .
24 : 22 Ye shall have one manner of law , as well for the stranger , as for one of your own country : for I am the LORD your God .
25 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses in mount Sinai , saying , 25 : 2 Speak unto the children of Israel , and say unto them , When ye come into the land which I give you , then shall the land keep a sabbath unto the LORD .
25 : 3 Six years thou shalt sow thy field , and six years thou shalt prune thy vineyard , and gather in the fruit thereof ; 25 : 4 But in the seventh year shall be a sabbath of rest unto the land , a sabbath for the LORD : thou shalt neither sow thy field , nor prune thy vineyard .
25 : 6 And the sabbath of the land shall be meat for you ; for thee , and for thy servant , and for thy maid , and for thy hired servant , and for thy stranger that sojourneth with thee .
25 : 7 And for thy cattle , and for the beast that are in thy land , shall all the increase thereof be meat .
25 : 8 And thou shalt number seven sabbaths of years unto thee , seven times seven years ; and the space of the seven sabbaths of years shall be unto thee forty and nine years .
25 : 9 Then shalt thou cause the trumpet of the jubile to sound on the tenth day of the seventh month , in the day of atonement shall ye make the trumpet sound throughout all your land .
25 : 10 And ye shall hallow the fiftieth year , and proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof : it shall be a jubile unto you ; and ye shall return every man unto his possession , and ye shall return every man unto his family .
25 : 11 A jubile shall that fiftieth year be unto you : ye shall not sow , neither reap that which groweth of itself in it , nor gather the grapes in it of thy vine undressed .
25 : 12 For it is the jubile ; it shall be holy unto you : ye shall eat the increase thereof out of the field .
25 : 13 In the year of this jubile ye shall return every man unto his possession .
25 : 14 And if thou sell ought unto thy neighbour , or buyest ought of thy neighbour ' s hand , ye shall not oppress one another : 25 : 15 According to the number of years after the jubile thou shalt buy of thy neighbour , and according unto the number of years of the fruits he shall sell unto thee : 25 : 16 According to the multitude of years thou shalt increase the price thereof , and according to the fewness of years thou shalt diminish the price of it : for according to the number of the years of the fruits doth he sell unto thee .
25 : 17 Ye shall not therefore oppress one another ; but thou shalt fear thy God : for I am the LORD your God .
25 : 18 Wherefore ye shall do my statutes , and keep my judgments , and do them ; and ye shall dwell in the land in safety .
25 : 19 And the land shall yield her fruit , and ye shall eat your fill , and dwell therein in safety .
25 : 20 And if ye shall say , What shall we eat the seventh year ?
behold , we shall not sow , nor gather in our increase : 25 : 21 Then I will command my blessing upon you in the sixth year , and it shall bring forth fruit for three years .
25 : 22 And ye shall sow the eighth year , and eat yet of old fruit until the ninth year ; until her fruits come in ye shall eat of the old store .
25 : 23 The land shall not be sold for ever : for the land is mine , for ye are strangers and sojourners with me .
25 : 24 And in all the land of your possession ye shall grant a redemption for the land .
25 : 25 If thy brother be waxen poor , and hath sold away some of his possession , and if any of his kin come to redeem it , then shall he redeem that which his brother sold .
25 : 28 But if he be not able to restore it to him , then that which is sold shall remain in the hand of him that hath bought it until the year of jubile : and in the jubile it shall go out , and he shall return unto his possession .
25 : 30 And if it be not redeemed within the space of a full year , then the house that is in the walled city shall be established for ever to him that bought it throughout his generations : it shall not go out in the jubile .
25 : 31 But the houses of the villages which have no wall round about them shall be counted as the fields of the country : they may be redeemed , and they shall go out in the jubile .
25 : 33 And if a man purchase of the Levites , then the house that was sold , and the city of his possession , shall go out in the year of jubile : for the houses of the cities of the Levites are their possession among the children of Israel .
25 : 39 And if thy brother that dwelleth by thee be waxen poor , and be sold unto thee ; thou shalt not compel him to serve as a bondservant : 25 : 40 But as an hired servant , and as a sojourner , he shall be with thee , and shall serve thee unto the year of jubile .
25 : 41 And then shall he depart from thee , both he and his children with him , and shall return unto his own family , and unto the possession of his fathers shall he return .
25 : 42 For they are my servants , which I brought forth out of the land of Egypt : they shall not be sold as bondmen .
25 : 44 Both thy bondmen , and thy bondmaids , which thou shalt have , shall be of the heathen that are round about you ; of them shall ye buy bondmen and bondmaids .
25 : 45 Moreover of the children of the strangers that do sojourn among you , of them shall ye buy , and of their families that are with you , which they begat in your land : and they shall be your possession .
25 : 46 And ye shall take them as an inheritance for your children after you , to inherit them for a possession ; they shall be your bondmen for ever : but over your brethren the children of Israel , ye shall not rule one over another with rigour .
25 : 50 And he shall reckon with him that bought him from the year that he was sold to him unto the year of jubile : and the price of his sale shall be according unto the number of years , according to the time of an hired servant shall it be with him .
25 : 51 If there be yet many years behind , according unto them he shall give again the price of his redemption out of the money that he was bought for .
25 : 52 And if there remain but few years unto the year of jubile , then he shall count with him , and according unto his years shall he give him again the price of his redemption .
25 : 53 And as a yearly hired servant shall he be with him : and the other shall not rule with rigour over him in thy sight .
25 : 54 And if he be not redeemed in these years , then he shall go out in the year of jubile , both he , and his children with him .
26 : 1 Ye shall make you no idols nor graven image , neither rear you up a standing image , neither shall ye set up any image of stone in your land , to bow down unto it : for I am the LORD your God .
26 : 2 Ye shall keep my sabbaths , and reverence my sanctuary : I am the LORD .
26 : 3 If ye walk in my statutes , and keep my commandments , and do them ; 26 : 4 Then I will give you rain in due season , and the land shall yield her increase , and the trees of the field shall yield their fruit .
26 : 5 And your threshing shall reach unto the vintage , and the vintage shall reach unto the sowing time : and ye shall eat your bread to the full , and dwell in your land safely .
26 : 6 And I will give peace in the land , and ye shall lie down , and none shall make you afraid : and I will rid evil beasts out of the land , neither shall the sword go through your land .
26 : 7 And ye shall chase your enemies , and they shall fall before you by the sword .
26 : 8 And five of you shall chase an hundred , and an hundred of you shall put ten thousand to flight : and your enemies shall fall before you by the sword .
26 : 10 And ye shall eat old store , and bring forth the old because of the new .
26 : 11 And I set my tabernacle among you : and my soul shall not abhor you .
26 : 12 And I will walk among you , and will be your God , and ye shall be my people .
26 : 14 But if ye will not hearken unto me , and will not do all these commandments ; 26 : 15 And if ye shall despise my statutes , or if your soul abhor my judgments , so that ye will not do all my commandments , but that ye break my covenant : 26 : 16 I also will do this unto you ; I will even appoint over you terror , consumption , and the burning ague , that shall consume the eyes , and cause sorrow of heart : and ye shall sow your seed in vain , for your enemies shall eat it .
26 : 17 And I will set my face against you , and ye shall be slain before your enemies : they that hate you shall reign over you ; and ye shall flee when none pursueth you .
26 : 19 And I will break the pride of your power ; and I will make your heaven as iron , and your earth as brass : 26 : 20 And your strength shall be spent in vain : for your land shall not yield her increase , neither shall the trees of the land yield their fruits .
26 : 22 I will also send wild beasts among you , which shall rob you of your children , and destroy your cattle , and make you few in number ; and your high ways shall be desolate .
26 : 25 And I will bring a sword upon you , that shall avenge the quarrel of my covenant : and when ye are gathered together within your cities , I will send the pestilence among you ; and ye shall be delivered into the hand of the enemy .
26 : 26 And when I have broken the staff of your bread , ten women shall bake your bread in one oven , and they shall deliver you your bread again by weight : and ye shall eat , and not be satisfied .
26 : 29 And ye shall eat the flesh of your sons , and the flesh of your daughters shall ye eat .
26 : 30 And I will destroy your high places , and cut down your images , and cast your carcases upon the carcases of your idols , and my soul shall abhor you .
26 : 32 And I will bring the land into desolation : and your enemies which dwell therein shall be astonished at it .
26 : 33 And I will scatter you among the heathen , and will draw out a sword after you : and your land shall be desolate , and your cities waste .
26 : 34 Then shall the land enjoy her sabbaths , as long as it lieth desolate , and ye be in your enemies ' land ; even then shall the land rest , and enjoy her sabbaths .
26 : 35 As long as it lieth desolate it shall rest ; because it did not rest in your sabbaths , when ye dwelt upon it .
26 : 36 And upon them that are left alive of you I will send a faintness into their hearts in the lands of their enemies ; and the sound of a shaken leaf shall chase them ; and they shall flee , as fleeing from a sword ; and they shall fall when none pursueth .
26 : 37 And they shall fall one upon another , as it were before a sword , when none pursueth : and ye shall have no power to stand before your enemies .
26 : 38 And ye shall perish among the heathen , and the land of your enemies shall eat you up .
26 : 39 And they that are left of you shall pine away in their iniquity in your enemies ' lands ; and also in the iniquities of their fathers shall they pine away with them .
26 : 40 If they shall confess their iniquity , and the iniquity of their fathers , with their trespass which they trespassed against me , and that also they have walked contrary unto me ; 26 : 41 And that I also have walked contrary unto them , and have brought them into the land of their enemies ; if then their uncircumcised hearts be humbled , and they then accept of the punishment of their iniquity : 26 : 42 Then will I remember my covenant with Jacob , and also my covenant with Isaac , and also my covenant with Abraham will I remember ; and I will remember the land .
26 : 43 The land also shall be left of them , and shall enjoy her sabbaths , while she lieth desolate without them : and they shall accept of the punishment of their iniquity : because , even because they despised my judgments , and because their soul abhorred my statutes .
27 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 27 : 2 Speak unto the children of Israel , and say unto them , When a man shall make a singular vow , the persons shall be for the LORD by thy estimation .
27 : 3 And thy estimation shall be of the male from twenty years old even unto sixty years old , even thy estimation shall be fifty shekels of silver , after the shekel of the sanctuary .
27 : 4 And if it be a female , then thy estimation shall be thirty shekels .
27 : 5 And if it be from five years old even unto twenty years old , then thy estimation shall be of the male twenty shekels , and for the female ten shekels .
27 : 6 And if it be from a month old even unto five years old , then thy estimation shall be of the male five shekels of silver , and for the female thy estimation shall be three shekels of silver .
27 : 7 And if it be from sixty years old and above ; if it be a male , then thy estimation shall be fifteen shekels , and for the female ten shekels .
27 : 8 But if he be poorer than thy estimation , then he shall present himself before the priest , and the priest shall value him ; according to his ability that vowed shall the priest value him .
27 : 9 And if it be a beast , whereof men bring an offering unto the LORD , all that any man giveth of such unto the LORD shall be holy .
27 : 10 He shall not alter it , nor change it , a good for a bad , or a bad for a good : and if he shall at all change beast for beast , then it and the exchange thereof shall be holy .
27 : 11 And if it be any unclean beast , of which they do not offer a sacrifice unto the LORD , then he shall present the beast before the priest : 27 : 12 And the priest shall value it , whether it be good or bad : as thou valuest it , who art the priest , so shall it be .
27 : 13 But if he will at all redeem it , then he shall add a fifth part thereof unto thy estimation .
27 : 14 And when a man shall sanctify his house to be holy unto the LORD , then the priest shall estimate it , whether it be good or bad : as the priest shall estimate it , so shall it stand .
27 : 15 And if he that sanctified it will redeem his house , then he shall add the fifth part of the money of thy estimation unto it , and it shall be his .
27 : 16 And if a man shall sanctify unto the LORD some part of a field of his possession , then thy estimation shall be according to the seed thereof : an homer of barley seed shall be valued at fifty shekels of silver .
27 : 17 If he sanctify his field from the year of jubile , according to thy estimation it shall stand .
27 : 18 But if he sanctify his field after the jubile , then the priest shall reckon unto him the money according to the years that remain , even unto the year of the jubile , and it shall be abated from thy estimation .
27 : 19 And if he that sanctified the field will in any wise redeem it , then he shall add the fifth part of the money of thy estimation unto it , and it shall be assured to him .
27 : 20 And if he will not redeem the field , or if he have sold the field to another man , it shall not be redeemed any more .
27 : 21 But the field , when it goeth out in the jubile , shall be holy unto the LORD , as a field devoted ; the possession thereof shall be the priest ' s .
27 : 22 And if a man sanctify unto the LORD a field which he hath bought , which is not of the fields of his possession ; 27 : 23 Then the priest shall reckon unto him the worth of thy estimation , even unto the year of the jubile : and he shall give thine estimation in that day , as a holy thing unto the LORD .
27 : 24 In the year of the jubile the field shall return unto him of whom it was bought , even to him to whom the possession of the land did belong .
27 : 25 And all thy estimations shall be according to the shekel of the sanctuary : twenty gerahs shall be the shekel .
27 : 26 Only the firstling of the beasts , which should be the LORD ' s firstling , no man shall sanctify it ; whether it be ox , or sheep : it is the LORD ' s .
27 : 27 And if it be of an unclean beast , then he shall redeem it according to thine estimation , and shall add a fifth part of it thereto : or if it be not redeemed , then it shall be sold according to thy estimation .
27 : 28 Notwithstanding no devoted thing , that a man shall devote unto the LORD of all that he hath , both of man and beast , and of the field of his possession , shall be sold or redeemed : every devoted thing is most holy unto the LORD .
27 : 29 None devoted , which shall be devoted of men , shall be redeemed ; but shall surely be put to death .
27 : 31 And if a man will at all redeem ought of his tithes , he shall add thereto the fifth part thereof .
27 : 32 And concerning the tithe of the herd , or of the flock , even of whatsoever passeth under the rod , the tenth shall be holy unto the LORD .
27 : 33 He shall not search whether it be good or bad , neither shall he change it : and if he change it at all , then both it and the change thereof shall be holy ; it shall not be redeemed .
1 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses in the wilderness of Sinai , in the tabernacle of the congregation , on the first day of the second month , in the second year after they were come out of the land of Egypt , saying , 1 : 2 Take ye the sum of all the congregation of the children of Israel , after their families , by the house of their fathers , with the number of their names , every male by their polls ; 1 : 3 From twenty years old and upward , all that are able to go forth to war in Israel : thou and Aaron shall number them by their armies .
1 : 4 And with you there shall be a man of every tribe ; every one head of the house of his fathers .
1 : 5 And these are the names of the men that shall stand with you : of the tribe of Reuben ; Elizur the son of Shedeur .
1 : 48 For the LORD had spoken unto Moses , saying , 1 : 49 Only thou shalt not number the tribe of Levi , neither take the sum of them among the children of Israel : 1 : 50 But thou shalt appoint the Levites over the tabernacle of testimony , and over all the vessels thereof , and over all things that belong to it : they shall bear the tabernacle , and all the vessels thereof ; and they shall minister unto it , and shall encamp round about the tabernacle .
1 : 51 And when the tabernacle setteth forward , the Levites shall take it down : and when the tabernacle is to be pitched , the Levites shall set it up : and the stranger that cometh nigh shall be put to death .
1 : 52 And the children of Israel shall pitch their tents , every man by his own camp , and every man by his own standard , throughout their hosts .
1 : 53 But the Levites shall pitch round about the tabernacle of testimony , that there be no wrath upon the congregation of the children of Israel : and the Levites shall keep the charge of the tabernacle of testimony .
2 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron , saying , 2 : 2 Every man of the children of Israel shall pitch by his own standard , with the ensign of their father ' s house : far off about the tabernacle of the congregation shall they pitch .
2 : 3 And on the east side toward the rising of the sun shall they of the standard of the camp of Judah pitch throughout their armies : and Nahshon the son of Amminadab shall be captain of the children of Judah .
2 : 5 And those that do pitch next unto him shall be the tribe of Issachar : and Nethaneel the son of Zuar shall be captain of the children of Issachar .
2 : 7 Then the tribe of Zebulun : and Eliab the son of Helon shall be captain of the children of Zebulun .
These shall first set forth .
2 : 10 On the south side shall be the standard of the camp of Reuben according to their armies : and the captain of the children of Reuben shall be Elizur the son of Shedeur .
2 : 12 And those which pitch by him shall be the tribe of Simeon : and the captain of the children of Simeon shall be Shelumiel the son of Zurishaddai .
2 : 14 Then the tribe of Gad : and the captain of the sons of Gad shall be Eliasaph the son of Reuel .
And they shall set forth in the second rank .
2 : 17 Then the tabernacle of the congregation shall set forward with the camp of the Levites in the midst of the camp : as they encamp , so shall they set forward , every man in his place by their standards .
2 : 18 On the west side shall be the standard of the camp of Ephraim according to their armies : and the captain of the sons of Ephraim shall be Elishama the son of Ammihud .
2 : 20 And by him shall be the tribe of Manasseh : and the captain of the children of Manasseh shall be Gamaliel the son of Pedahzur .
2 : 22 Then the tribe of Benjamin : and the captain of the sons of Benjamin shall be Abidan the son of Gideoni .
And they shall go forward in the third rank .
2 : 25 The standard of the camp of Dan shall be on the north side by their armies : and the captain of the children of Dan shall be Ahiezer the son of Ammishaddai .
2 : 27 And those that encamp by him shall be the tribe of Asher : and the captain of the children of Asher shall be Pagiel the son of Ocran .
2 : 29 Then the tribe of Naphtali : and the captain of the children of Naphtali shall be Ahira the son of Enan .
They shall go hindmost with their standards .
3 : 7 And they shall keep his charge , and the charge of the whole congregation before the tabernacle of the congregation , to do the service of the tabernacle .
3 : 8 And they shall keep all the instruments of the tabernacle of the congregation , and the charge of the children of Israel , to do the service of the tabernacle .
3 : 10 And thou shalt appoint Aaron and his sons , and they shall wait on their priest ' s office : and the stranger that cometh nigh shall be put to death .
3 : 11 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 3 : 12 And I , behold , I have taken the Levites from among the children of Israel instead of all the firstborn that openeth the matrix among the children of Israel : therefore the Levites shall be mine ; 3 : 13 Because all the firstborn are mine ; for on the day that I smote all the firstborn in the land of Egypt I hallowed unto me all the firstborn in Israel , both man and beast : mine shall they be : I am the LORD .
3 : 23 The families of the Gershonites shall pitch behind the tabernacle westward .
3 : 24 And the chief of the house of the father of the Gershonites shall be Eliasaph the son of Lael .
3 : 25 And the charge of the sons of Gershon in the tabernacle of the congregation shall be the tabernacle , and the tent , the covering thereof , and the hanging for the door of the tabernacle of the congregation , 3 : 26 And the hangings of the court , and the curtain for the door of the court , which is by the tabernacle , and by the altar round about , and the cords of it for all the service thereof .
3 : 29 The families of the sons of Kohath shall pitch on the side of the tabernacle southward .
3 : 30 And the chief of the house of the father of the families of the Kohathites shall be Elizaphan the son of Uzziel .
3 : 31 And their charge shall be the ark , and the table , and the candlestick , and the altars , and the vessels of the sanctuary wherewith they minister , and the hanging , and all the service thereof .
3 : 32 And Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest shall be chief over the chief of the Levites , and have the oversight of them that keep the charge of the sanctuary .
3 : 35 And the chief of the house of the father of the families of Merari was Zuriel the son of Abihail : these shall pitch on the side of the tabernacle northward .
3 : 36 And under the custody and charge of the sons of Merari shall be the boards of the tabernacle , and the bars thereof , and the pillars thereof , and the sockets thereof , and all the vessels thereof , and all that serveth thereto , 3 : 37 And the pillars of the court round about , and their sockets , and their pins , and their cords .
3 : 38 But those that encamp before the tabernacle toward the east , even before the tabernacle of the congregation eastward , shall be Moses , and Aaron and his sons , keeping the charge of the sanctuary for the charge of the children of Israel ; and the stranger that cometh nigh shall be put to death .
3 : 44 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 3 : 45 Take the Levites instead of all the firstborn among the children of Israel , and the cattle of the Levites instead of their cattle ; and the Levites shall be mine : I am the LORD .
4 : 4 This shall be the service of the sons of Kohath in the tabernacle of the congregation , about the most holy things : 4 : 5 And when the camp setteth forward , Aaron shall come , and his sons , and they shall take down the covering vail , and cover the ark of testimony with it : 4 : 6 And shall put thereon the covering of badgers ' skins , and shall spread over it a cloth wholly of blue , and shall put in the staves thereof .
4 : 7 And upon the table of shewbread they shall spread a cloth of blue , and put thereon the dishes , and the spoons , and the bowls , and covers to cover withal : and the continual bread shall be thereon : 4 : 8 And they shall spread upon them a cloth of scarlet , and cover the same with a covering of badgers ' skins , and shall put in the staves thereof .
4 : 9 And they shall take a cloth of blue , and cover the candlestick of the light , and his lamps , and his tongs , and his snuffdishes , and all the oil vessels thereof , wherewith they minister unto it : 4 : 10 And they shall put it and all the vessels thereof within a covering of badgers ' skins , and shall put it upon a bar .
4 : 11 And upon the golden altar they shall spread a cloth of blue , and cover it with a covering of badgers ' skins , and shall put to the staves thereof : 4 : 12 And they shall take all the instruments of ministry , wherewith they minister in the sanctuary , and put them in a cloth of blue , and cover them with a covering of badgers ' skins , and shall put them on a bar : 4 : 13 And they shall take away the ashes from the altar , and spread a purple cloth thereon : 4 : 14 And they shall put upon it all the vessels thereof , wherewith they minister about it , even the censers , the fleshhooks , and the shovels , and the basons , all the vessels of the altar ; and they shall spread upon it a covering of badgers ' skins , and put to the staves of it .
4 : 15 And when Aaron and his sons have made an end of covering the sanctuary , and all the vessels of the sanctuary , as the camp is to set forward ; after that , the sons of Kohath shall come to bear it : but they shall not touch any holy thing , lest they die .
4 : 17 And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron saying , 4 : 18 Cut ye not off the tribe of the families of the Kohathites from among the Levites : 4 : 19 But thus do unto them , that they may live , and not die , when they approach unto the most holy things : Aaron and his sons shall go in , and appoint them every one to his service and to his burden : 4 : 20 But they shall not go in to see when the holy things are covered , lest they die .
4 : 24 This is the service of the families of the Gershonites , to serve , and for burdens : 4 : 25 And they shall bear the curtains of the tabernacle , and the tabernacle of the congregation , his covering , and the covering of the badgers ' skins that is above upon it , and the hanging for the door of the tabernacle of the congregation , 4 : 26 And the hangings of the court , and the hanging for the door of the gate of the court , which is by the tabernacle and by the altar round about , and their cords , and all the instruments of their service , and all that is made for them : so shall they serve .
4 : 27 At the appointment of Aaron and his sons shall be all the service of the sons of the Gershonites , in all their burdens , and in all their service : and ye shall appoint unto them in charge all their burdens .
4 : 28 This is the service of the families of the sons of Gershon in the tabernacle of the congregation : and their charge shall be under the hand of Ithamar the son of Aaron the priest .
4 : 31 And this is the charge of their burden , according to all their service in the tabernacle of the congregation ; the boards of the tabernacle , and the bars thereof , and the pillars thereof , and sockets thereof , 4 : 32 And the pillars of the court round about , and their sockets , and their pins , and their cords , with all their instruments , and with all their service : and by name ye shall reckon the instruments of the charge of their burden .
5 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 5 : 2 Command the children of Israel , that they put out of the camp every leper , and every one that hath an issue , and whosoever is defiled by the dead : 5 : 3 Both male and female shall ye put out , without the camp shall ye put them ; that they defile not their camps , in the midst whereof I dwell .
5 : 5 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 5 : 6 Speak unto the children of Israel , When a man or woman shall commit any sin that men commit , to do a trespass against the LORD , and that person be guilty ; 5 : 7 Then they shall confess their sin which they have done : and he shall recompense his trespass with the principal thereof , and add unto it the fifth part thereof , and give it unto him against whom he hath trespassed .
5 : 8 But if the man have no kinsman to recompense the trespass unto , let the trespass be recompensed unto the LORD , even to the priest ; beside the ram of the atonement , whereby an atonement shall be made for him .
5 : 9 And every offering of all the holy things of the children of Israel , which they bring unto the priest , shall be his .
5 : 10 And every man ' s hallowed things shall be his : whatsoever any man giveth the priest , it shall be his .
5 : 11 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 5 : 12 Speak unto the children of Israel , and say unto them , If any man ' s wife go aside , and commit a trespass against him , 5 : 13 And a man lie with her carnally , and it be hid from the eyes of her husband , and be kept close , and she be defiled , and there be no witness against her , neither she be taken with the manner ; 5 : 14 And the spirit of jealousy come upon him , and he be jealous of his wife , and she be defiled : or if the spirit of jealousy come upon him , and he be jealous of his wife , and she be not defiled : 5 : 15 Then shall the man bring his wife unto the priest , and he shall bring her offering for her , the tenth part of an ephah of barley meal ; he shall pour no oil upon it , nor put frankincense thereon ; for it is an offering of jealousy , an offering of memorial , bringing iniquity to remembrance .
5 : 16 And the priest shall bring her near , and set her before the LORD : 5 : 17 And the priest shall take holy water in an earthen vessel ; and of the dust that is in the floor of the tabernacle the priest shall take , and put it into the water : 5 : 18 And the priest shall set the woman before the LORD , and uncover the woman ' s head , and put the offering of memorial in her hands , which is the jealousy offering : and the priest shall have in his hand the bitter water that causeth the curse : 5 : 19 And the priest shall charge her by an oath , and say unto the woman , If no man have lain with thee , and if thou hast not gone aside to uncleanness with another instead of thy husband , be thou free from this bitter water that causeth the curse : 5 : 20 But if thou hast gone aside to another instead of thy husband , and if thou be defiled , and some man have lain with thee beside thine husband : 5 : 21 Then the priest shall charge the woman with an oath of cursing , and the priest shall say unto the woman , The LORD make thee a curse and an oath among thy people , when the LORD doth make thy thigh to rot , and thy belly to swell ; 5 : 22 And this water that causeth the curse shall go into thy bowels , to make thy belly to swell , and thy thigh to rot : And the woman shall say , Amen , amen .
5 : 23 And the priest shall write these curses in a book , and he shall blot them out with the bitter water : 5 : 24 And he shall cause the woman to drink the bitter water that causeth the curse : and the water that causeth the curse shall enter into her , and become bitter .
5 : 25 Then the priest shall take the jealousy offering out of the woman ' s hand , and shall wave the offering before the LORD , and offer it upon the altar : 5 : 26 And the priest shall take an handful of the offering , even the memorial thereof , and burn it upon the altar , and afterward shall cause the woman to drink the water .
5 : 27 And when he hath made her to drink the water , then it shall come to pass , that , if she be defiled , and have done trespass against her husband , that the water that causeth the curse shall enter into her , and become bitter , and her belly shall swell , and her thigh shall rot : and the woman shall be a curse among her people .
5 : 28 And if the woman be not defiled , but be clean ; then she shall be free , and shall conceive seed .
5 : 29 This is the law of jealousies , when a wife goeth aside to another instead of her husband , and is defiled ; 5 : 30 Or when the spirit of jealousy cometh upon him , and he be jealous over his wife , and shall set the woman before the LORD , and the priest shall execute upon her all this law .
5 : 31 Then shall the man be guiltless from iniquity , and this woman shall bear her iniquity .
6 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 6 : 2 Speak unto the children of Israel , and say unto them , When either man or woman shall separate themselves to vow a vow of a Nazarite , to separate themselves unto the LORD : 6 : 3 He shall separate himself from wine and strong drink , and shall drink no vinegar of wine , or vinegar of strong drink , neither shall he drink any liquor of grapes , nor eat moist grapes , or dried .
6 : 4 All the days of his separation shall he eat nothing that is made of the vine tree , from the kernels even to the husk .
6 : 5 All the days of the vow of his separation there shall no razor come upon his head : until the days be fulfilled , in the which he separateth himself unto the LORD , he shall be holy , and shall let the locks of the hair of his head grow .
6 : 6 All the days that he separateth himself unto the LORD he shall come at no dead body .
6 : 7 He shall not make himself unclean for his father , or for his mother , for his brother , or for his sister , when they die : because the consecration of his God is upon his head .
6 : 9 And if any man die very suddenly by him , and he hath defiled the head of his consecration ; then he shall shave his head in the day of his cleansing , on the seventh day shall he shave it .
6 : 10 And on the eighth day he shall bring two turtles , or two young pigeons , to the priest , to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation : 6 : 11 And the priest shall offer the one for a sin offering , and the other for a burnt offering , and make an atonement for him , for that he sinned by the dead , and shall hallow his head that same day .
6 : 12 And he shall consecrate unto the LORD the days of his separation , and shall bring a lamb of the first year for a trespass offering : but the days that were before shall be lost , because his separation was defiled .
6 : 13 And this is the law of the Nazarite , when the days of his separation are fulfilled : he shall be brought unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation : 6 : 14 And he shall offer his offering unto the LORD , one he lamb of the first year without blemish for a burnt offering , and one ewe lamb of the first year without blemish for a sin offering , and one ram without blemish for peace offerings , 6 : 15 And a basket of unleavened bread , cakes of fine flour mingled with oil , and wafers of unleavened bread anointed with oil , and their meat offering , and their drink offerings .
6 : 16 And the priest shall bring them before the LORD , and shall offer his sin offering , and his burnt offering : 6 : 17 And he shall offer the ram for a sacrifice of peace offerings unto the LORD , with the basket of unleavened bread : the priest shall offer also his meat offering , and his drink offering .
6 : 18 And the Nazarite shall shave the head of his separation at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation , and shall take the hair of the head of his separation , and put it in the fire which is under the sacrifice of the peace offerings .
6 : 19 And the priest shall take the sodden shoulder of the ram , and one unleavened cake out of the basket , and one unleavened wafer , and shall put them upon the hands of the Nazarite , after the hair of his separation is shaven : 6 : 20 And the priest shall wave them for a wave offering before the LORD : this is holy for the priest , with the wave breast and heave shoulder : and after that the Nazarite may drink wine .
6 : 21 This is the law of the Nazarite who hath vowed , and of his offering unto the LORD for his separation , beside that that his hand shall get : according to the vow which he vowed , so he must do after the law of his separation .
6 : 22 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 6 : 23 Speak unto Aaron and unto his sons , saying , On this wise ye shall bless the children of Israel , saying unto them , 6 : 24 The LORD bless thee , and keep thee : 6 : 25 The LORD make his face shine upon thee , and be gracious unto thee : 6 : 26 The LORD lift up his countenance upon thee , and give thee peace .
6 : 27 And they shall put my name upon the children of Israel , and I will bless them .
7 : 11 And the LORD said unto Moses , They shall offer their offering , each prince on his day , for the dedicating of the altar .
8 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 8 : 2 Speak unto Aaron and say unto him , When thou lightest the lamps , the seven lamps shall give light over against the candlestick .
8 : 9 And thou shalt bring the Levites before the tabernacle of the congregation : and thou shalt gather the whole assembly of the children of Israel together : 8 : 10 And thou shalt bring the Levites before the LORD : and the children of Israel shall put their hands upon the Levites : 8 : 11 And Aaron shall offer the Levites before the LORD for an offering of the children of Israel , that they may execute the service of the LORD .
8 : 12 And the Levites shall lay their hands upon the heads of the bullocks : and thou shalt offer the one for a sin offering , and the other for a burnt offering , unto the LORD , to make an atonement for the Levites .
8 : 14 Thus shalt thou separate the Levites from among the children of Israel : and the Levites shall be mine .
8 : 15 And after that shall the Levites go in to do the service of the tabernacle of the congregation : and thou shalt cleanse them , and offer them for an offering .
8 : 23 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 8 : 24 This is it that belongeth unto the Levites : from twenty and five years old and upward they shall go in to wait upon the service of the tabernacle of the congregation : 8 : 25 And from the age of fifty years they shall cease waiting upon the service thereof , and shall serve no more : 8 : 26 But shall minister with their brethren in the tabernacle of the congregation , to keep the charge , and shall do no service .
9 : 3 In the fourteenth day of this month , at even , ye shall keep it in his appointed season : according to all the rites of it , and according to all the ceremonies thereof , shall ye keep it .
9 : 9 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 9 : 10 Speak unto the children of Israel , saying , If any man of you or of your posterity shall be unclean by reason of a dead body , or be in a journey afar off , yet he shall keep the passover unto the LORD .
9 : 11 The fourteenth day of the second month at even they shall keep it , and eat it with unleavened bread and bitter herbs .
9 : 12 They shall leave none of it unto the morning , nor break any bone of it : according to all the ordinances of the passover they shall keep it .
9 : 13 But the man that is clean , and is not in a journey , and forbeareth to keep the passover , even the same soul shall be cut off from among his people : because he brought not the offering of the LORD in his appointed season , that man shall bear his sin .
9 : 14 And if a stranger shall sojourn among you , and will keep the passover unto the LORD ; according to the ordinance of the passover , and according to the manner thereof , so shall he do : ye shall have one ordinance , both for the stranger , and for him that was born in the land .
10 : 3 And when they shall blow with them , all the assembly shall assemble themselves to thee at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation .
10 : 4 And if they blow but with one trumpet , then the princes , which are heads of the thousands of Israel , shall gather themselves unto thee .
10 : 5 When ye blow an alarm , then the camps that lie on the east parts shall go forward .
10 : 6 When ye blow an alarm the second time , then the camps that lie on the south side shall take their journey : they shall blow an alarm for their journeys .
10 : 7 But when the congregation is to be gathered together , ye shall blow , but ye shall not sound an alarm .
10 : 8 And the sons of Aaron , the priests , shall blow with the trumpets ; and they shall be to you for an ordinance for ever throughout your generations .
10 : 9 And if ye go to war in your land against the enemy that oppresseth you , then ye shall blow an alarm with the trumpets ; and ye shall be remembered before the LORD your God , and ye shall be saved from your enemies .
10 : 10 Also in the day of your gladness , and in your solemn days , and in the beginnings of your months , ye shall blow with the trumpets over your burnt offerings , and over the sacrifices of your peace offerings ; that they may be to you for a memorial before your God : I am the LORD your God .
10 : 32 And it shall be , if thou go with us , yea , it shall be , that what goodness the LORD shall do unto us , the same will we do unto thee .
11 : 4 And the mixt multitude that was among them fell a lusting : and the children of Israel also wept again , and said , Who shall give us flesh to eat ?
11 : 17 And I will come down and talk with thee there : and I will take of the spirit which is upon thee , and will put it upon them ; and they shall bear the burden of the people with thee , that thou bear it not thyself alone .
11 : 18 And say thou unto the people , Sanctify yourselves against to morrow , and ye shall eat flesh : for ye have wept in the ears of the LORD , saying , Who shall give us flesh to eat ?
for it was well with us in Egypt : therefore the LORD will give you flesh , and ye shall eat .
11 : 19 Ye shall not eat one day , nor two days , nor five days , neither ten days , nor twenty days ; 11 : 20 But even a whole month , until it come out at your nostrils , and it be loathsome unto you : because that ye have despised the LORD which is among you , and have wept before him , saying , Why came we forth out of Egypt ?
11 : 22 Shall the flocks and the herds be slain for them , to suffice them ?
or shall all the fish of the sea be gathered together for them , to suffice them ?
thou shalt see now whether my word shall come to pass unto thee or not .
12 : 8 With him will I speak mouth to mouth , even apparently , and not in dark speeches ; and the similitude of the LORD shall he behold : wherefore then were ye not afraid to speak against my servant Moses ?
13 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 13 : 2 Send thou men , that they may search the land of Canaan , which I give unto the children of Israel : of every tribe of their fathers shall ye send a man , every one a ruler among them .
14 : 13 And Moses said unto the LORD , Then the Egyptians shall hear it , ( for thou broughtest up this people in thy might from among them ;) 14 : 14 And they will tell it to the inhabitants of this land : for they have heard that thou LORD art among this people , that thou LORD art seen face to face , and that thy cloud standeth over them , and that thou goest before them , by day time in a pillar of a cloud , and in a pillar of fire by night .
14 : 20 And the LORD said , I have pardoned according to thy word : 14 : 21 But as truly as I live , all the earth shall be filled with the glory of the LORD .
14 : 22 Because all those men which have seen my glory , and my miracles , which I did in Egypt and in the wilderness , and have tempted me now these ten times , and have not hearkened to my voice ; 14 : 23 Surely they shall not see the land which I sware unto their fathers , neither shall any of them that provoked me see it : 14 : 24 But my servant Caleb , because he had another spirit with him , and hath followed me fully , him will I bring into the land whereinto he went ; and his seed shall possess it .
14 : 26 And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron , saying , 14 : 27 How long shall I bear with this evil congregation , which murmur against me ?
14 : 28 Say unto them , As truly as I live , saith the LORD , as ye have spoken in mine ears , so will I do to you : 14 : 29 Your carcases shall fall in this wilderness ; and all that were numbered of you , according to your whole number , from twenty years old and upward which have murmured against me .
14 : 30 Doubtless ye shall not come into the land , concerning which I sware to make you dwell therein , save Caleb the son of Jephunneh , and Joshua the son of Nun .
14 : 31 But your little ones , which ye said should be a prey , them will I bring in , and they shall know the land which ye have despised .
14 : 32 But as for you , your carcases , they shall fall in this wilderness .
14 : 33 And your children shall wander in the wilderness forty years , and bear your whoredoms , until your carcases be wasted in the wilderness .
14 : 34 After the number of the days in which ye searched the land , even forty days , each day for a year , shall ye bear your iniquities , even forty years , and ye shall know my breach of promise .
14 : 35 I the LORD have said , I will surely do it unto all this evil congregation , that are gathered together against me : in this wilderness they shall be consumed , and there they shall die .
but it shall not prosper .
14 : 43 For the Amalekites and the Canaanites are there before you , and ye shall fall by the sword : because ye are turned away from the LORD , therefore the LORD will not be with you .
15 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 15 : 2 Speak unto the children of Israel , and say unto them , When ye be come into the land of your habitations , which I give unto you , 15 : 3 And will make an offering by fire unto the LORD , a burnt offering , or a sacrifice in performing a vow , or in a freewill offering , or in your solemn feasts , to make a sweet savour unto the LORD , of the herd or of the flock : 15 : 4 Then shall he that offereth his offering unto the LORD bring a meat offering of a tenth deal of flour mingled with the fourth part of an hin of oil .
15 : 8 And when thou preparest a bullock for a burnt offering , or for a sacrifice in performing a vow , or peace offerings unto the LORD : 15 : 9 Then shall he bring with a bullock a meat offering of three tenth deals of flour mingled with half an hin of oil .
15 : 11 Thus shall it be done for one bullock , or for one ram , or for a lamb , or a kid .
15 : 12 According to the number that ye shall prepare , so shall ye do to every one according to their number .
15 : 13 All that are born of the country shall do these things after this manner , in offering an offering made by fire , of a sweet savour unto the LORD .
15 : 14 And if a stranger sojourn with you , or whosoever be among you in your generations , and will offer an offering made by fire , of a sweet savour unto the LORD ; as ye do , so he shall do .
15 : 15 One ordinance shall be both for you of the congregation , and also for the stranger that sojourneth with you , an ordinance for ever in your generations : as ye are , so shall the stranger be before the LORD .
15 : 16 One law and one manner shall be for you , and for the stranger that sojourneth with you .
15 : 17 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 15 : 18 Speak unto the children of Israel , and say unto them , When ye come into the land whither I bring you , 15 : 19 Then it shall be , that , when ye eat of the bread of the land , ye shall offer up an heave offering unto the LORD .
15 : 20 Ye shall offer up a cake of the first of your dough for an heave offering : as ye do the heave offering of the threshingfloor , so shall ye heave it .
15 : 21 Of the first of your dough ye shall give unto the LORD an heave offering in your generations .
15 : 22 And if ye have erred , and not observed all these commandments , which the LORD hath spoken unto Moses , 15 : 23 Even all that the LORD hath commanded you by the hand of Moses , from the day that the LORD commanded Moses , and henceforward among your generations ; 15 : 24 Then it shall be , if ought be committed by ignorance without the knowledge of the congregation , that all the congregation shall offer one young bullock for a burnt offering , for a sweet savour unto the LORD , with his meat offering , and his drink offering , according to the manner , and one kid of the goats for a sin offering .
15 : 25 And the priest shall make an atonement for all the congregation of the children of Israel , and it shall be forgiven them ; for it is ignorance : and they shall bring their offering , a sacrifice made by fire unto the LORD , and their sin offering before the LORD , for their ignorance : 15 : 26 And it shall be forgiven all the congregation of the children of Israel , and the stranger that sojourneth among them ; seeing all the people were in ignorance .
15 : 27 And if any soul sin through ignorance , then he shall bring a she goat of the first year for a sin offering .
15 : 28 And the priest shall make an atonement for the soul that sinneth ignorantly , when he sinneth by ignorance before the LORD , to make an atonement for him ; and it shall be forgiven him .
15 : 29 Ye shall have one law for him that sinneth through ignorance , both for him that is born among the children of Israel , and for the stranger that sojourneth among them .
15 : 30 But the soul that doeth ought presumptuously , whether he be born in the land , or a stranger , the same reproacheth the LORD ; and that soul shall be cut off from among his people .
15 : 31 Because he hath despised the word of the LORD , and hath broken his commandment , that soul shall utterly be cut off ; his iniquity shall be upon him .
15 : 35 And the LORD said unto Moses , The man shall be surely put to death : all the congregation shall stone him with stones without the camp .
15 : 37 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 15 : 38 Speak unto the children of Israel , and bid them that they make them fringes in the borders of their garments throughout their generations , and that they put upon the fringe of the borders a ribband of blue : 15 : 39 And it shall be unto you for a fringe , that ye may look upon it , and remember all the commandments of the LORD , and do them ; and that ye seek not after your own heart and your own eyes , after which ye use to go a whoring : 15 : 40 That ye may remember , and do all my commandments , and be holy unto your God .
16 : 6 This do ; Take you censers , Korah , and all his company ; 16 : 7 And put fire therein , and put incense in them before the LORD to morrow : and it shall be that the man whom the LORD doth choose , he shall be holy : ye take too much upon you , ye sons of Levi .
16 : 22 And they fell upon their faces , and said , O God , the God of the spirits of all flesh , shall one man sin , and wilt thou be wroth with all the congregation ?
16 : 28 And Moses said , Hereby ye shall know that the LORD hath sent me to do all these works ; for I have not done them of mine own mind .
16 : 30 But if the LORD make a new thing , and the earth open her mouth , and swallow them up , with all that appertain unto them , and they go down quick into the pit ; then ye shall understand that these men have provoked the LORD .
16 : 38 The censers of these sinners against their own souls , let them make them broad plates for a covering of the altar : for they offered them before the LORD , therefore they are hallowed : and they shall be a sign unto the children of Israel .
17 : 3 And thou shalt write Aaron ' s name upon the rod of Levi : for one rod shall be for the head of the house of their fathers .
17 : 5 And it shall come to pass , that the man ' s rod , whom I shall choose , shall blossom : and I will make to cease from me the murmurings of the children of Israel , whereby they murmur against you .
17 : 13 Whosoever cometh any thing near unto the tabernacle of the LORD shall die : shall we be consumed with dying ?
18 : 1 And the LORD said unto Aaron , Thou and thy sons and thy father ' s house with thee shall bear the iniquity of the sanctuary : and thou and thy sons with thee shall bear the iniquity of your priesthood .
18 : 2 And thy brethren also of the tribe of Levi , the tribe of thy father , bring thou with thee , that they may be joined unto thee , and minister unto thee : but thou and thy sons with thee shall minister before the tabernacle of witness .
18 : 3 And they shall keep thy charge , and the charge of all the tabernacle : only they shall not come nigh the vessels of the sanctuary and the altar , that neither they , nor ye also , die .
18 : 4 And they shall be joined unto thee , and keep the charge of the tabernacle of the congregation , for all the service of the tabernacle : and a stranger shall not come nigh unto you .
18 : 5 And ye shall keep the charge of the sanctuary , and the charge of the altar : that there be no wrath any more upon the children of Israel .
18 : 7 Therefore thou and thy sons with thee shall keep your priest ' s office for everything of the altar , and within the vail ; and ye shall serve : I have given your priest ' s office unto you as a service of gift : and the stranger that cometh nigh shall be put to death .
18 : 9 This shall be thine of the most holy things , reserved from the fire : every oblation of theirs , every meat offering of theirs , and every sin offering of theirs , and every trespass offering of theirs which they shall render unto me , shall be most holy for thee and for thy sons .
18 : 10 In the most holy place shalt thou eat it ; every male shall eat it : it shall be holy unto thee .
18 : 11 And this is thine ; the heave offering of their gift , with all the wave offerings of the children of Israel : I have given them unto thee , and to thy sons and to thy daughters with thee , by a statute for ever : every one that is clean in thy house shall eat of it .
18 : 12 All the best of the oil , and all the best of the wine , and of the wheat , the firstfruits of them which they shall offer unto the LORD , them have I given thee .
18 : 13 And whatsoever is first ripe in the land , which they shall bring unto the LORD , shall be thine ; every one that is clean in thine house shall eat of it .
18 : 14 Every thing devoted in Israel shall be thine .
18 : 15 Every thing that openeth the matrix in all flesh , which they bring unto the LORD , whether it be of men or beasts , shall be thine : nevertheless the firstborn of man shalt thou surely redeem , and the firstling of unclean beasts shalt thou redeem .
18 : 18 And the flesh of them shall be thine , as the wave breast and as the right shoulder are thine .
18 : 23 But the Levites shall do the service of the tabernacle of the congregation , and they shall bear their iniquity : it shall be a statute for ever throughout your generations , that among the children of Israel they have no inheritance .
18 : 24 But the tithes of the children of Israel , which they offer as an heave offering unto the LORD , I have given to the Levites to inherit : therefore I have said unto them , Among the children of Israel they shall have no inheritance .
18 : 25 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 18 : 26 Thus speak unto the Levites , and say unto them , When ye take of the children of Israel the tithes which I have given you from them for your inheritance , then ye shall offer up an heave offering of it for the LORD , even a tenth part of the tithe .
18 : 27 And this your heave offering shall be reckoned unto you , as though it were the corn of the threshingfloor , and as the fulness of the winepress .
18 : 28 Thus ye also shall offer an heave offering unto the LORD of all your tithes , which ye receive of the children of Israel ; and ye shall give thereof the LORD ' s heave offering to Aaron the priest .
18 : 29 Out of all your gifts ye shall offer every heave offering of the LORD , of all the best thereof , even the hallowed part thereof out of it .
18 : 30 Therefore thou shalt say unto them , When ye have heaved the best thereof from it , then it shall be counted unto the Levites as the increase of the threshingfloor , and as the increase of the winepress .
18 : 31 And ye shall eat it in every place , ye and your households : for it is your reward for your service in the tabernacle of the congregation .
18 : 32 And ye shall bear no sin by reason of it , when ye have heaved from it the best of it : neither shall ye pollute the holy things of the children of Israel , lest ye die .
19 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Aaron , saying , 19 : 2 This is the ordinance of the law which the LORD hath commanded , saying , Speak unto the children of Israel , that they bring thee a red heifer without spot , wherein is no blemish , and upon which never came yoke : 19 : 3 And ye shall give her unto Eleazar the priest , that he may bring her forth without the camp , and one shall slay her before his face : 19 : 4 And Eleazar the priest shall take of her blood with his finger , and sprinkle of her blood directly before the tabernacle of the congregation seven times : 19 : 5 And one shall burn the heifer in his sight ; her skin , and her flesh , and her blood , with her dung , shall he burn : 19 : 6 And the priest shall take cedar wood , and hyssop , and scarlet , and cast it into the midst of the burning of the heifer .
19 : 7 Then the priest shall wash his clothes , and he shall bathe his flesh in water , and afterward he shall come into the camp , and the priest shall be unclean until the even .
19 : 8 And he that burneth her shall wash his clothes in water , and bathe his flesh in water , and shall be unclean until the even .
19 : 9 And a man that is clean shall gather up the ashes of the heifer , and lay them up without the camp in a clean place , and it shall be kept for the congregation of the children of Israel for a water of separation : it is a purification for sin .
19 : 10 And he that gathereth the ashes of the heifer shall wash his clothes , and be unclean until the even : and it shall be unto the children of Israel , and unto the stranger that sojourneth among them , for a statute for ever .
19 : 11 He that toucheth the dead body of any man shall be unclean seven days .
19 : 12 He shall purify himself with it on the third day , and on the seventh day he shall be clean : but if he purify not himself the third day , then the seventh day he shall not be clean .
19 : 13 Whosoever toucheth the dead body of any man that is dead , and purifieth not himself , defileth the tabernacle of the LORD ; and that soul shall be cut off from Israel : because the water of separation was not sprinkled upon him , he shall be unclean ; his uncleanness is yet upon him .
19 : 14 This is the law , when a man dieth in a tent : all that come into the tent , and all that is in the tent , shall be unclean seven days .
19 : 16 And whosoever toucheth one that is slain with a sword in the open fields , or a dead body , or a bone of a man , or a grave , shall be unclean seven days .
19 : 17 And for an unclean person they shall take of the ashes of the burnt heifer of purification for sin , and running water shall be put thereto in a vessel : 19 : 18 And a clean person shall take hyssop , and dip it in the water , and sprinkle it upon the tent , and upon all the vessels , and upon the persons that were there , and upon him that touched a bone , or one slain , or one dead , or a grave : 19 : 19 And the clean person shall sprinkle upon the unclean on the third day , and on the seventh day : and on the seventh day he shall purify himself , and wash his clothes , and bathe himself in water , and shall be clean at even .
19 : 20 But the man that shall be unclean , and shall not purify himself , that soul shall be cut off from among the congregation , because he hath defiled the sanctuary of the LORD : the water of separation hath not been sprinkled upon him ; he is unclean .
19 : 21 And it shall be a perpetual statute unto them , that he that sprinkleth the water of separation shall wash his clothes ; and he that toucheth the water of separation shall be unclean until even .
19 : 22 And whatsoever the unclean person toucheth shall be unclean ; and the soul that toucheth it shall be unclean until even .
20 : 7 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 20 : 8 Take the rod , and gather thou the assembly together , thou , and Aaron thy brother , and speak ye unto the rock before their eyes ; and it shall give forth his water , and thou shalt bring forth to them water out of the rock : so thou shalt give the congregation and their beasts drink .
20 : 12 And the LORD spake unto Moses and Aaron , Because ye believed me not , to sanctify me in the eyes of the children of Israel , therefore ye shall not bring this congregation into the land which I have given them .
20 : 23 And the LORD spake unto Moses and Aaron in mount Hor , by the coast of the land of Edom , saying , 20 : 24 Aaron shall be gathered unto his people : for he shall not enter into the land which I have given unto the children of Israel , because ye rebelled against my word at the water of Meribah .
20 : 25 Take Aaron and Eleazar his son , and bring them up unto mount Hor : 20 : 26 And strip Aaron of his garments , and put them upon Eleazar his son : and Aaron shall be gathered unto his people , and shall die there .
21 : 8 And the LORD said unto Moses , Make thee a fiery serpent , and set it upon a pole : and it shall come to pass , that every one that is bitten , when he looketh upon it , shall live .
22 : 4 And Moab said unto the elders of Midian , Now shall this company lick up all that are round about us , as the ox licketh up the grass of the field .
22 : 5 He sent messengers therefore unto Balaam the son of Beor to Pethor , which is by the river of the land of the children of his people , to call him , saying , Behold , there is a people come out from Egypt : behold , they cover the face of the earth , and they abide over against me : 22 : 6 Come now therefore , I pray thee , curse me this people ; for they are too mighty for me : peradventure I shall prevail , that we may smite them , and that I may drive them out of the land : for I wot that he whom thou blessest is blessed , and he whom thou cursest is cursed .
22 : 8 And he said unto them , Lodge here this night , and I will bring you word again , as the LORD shall speak unto me : and the princes of Moab abode with Balaam .
22 : 10 And Balaam said unto God , Balak the son of Zippor , king of Moab , hath sent unto me , saying , 22 : 11 Behold , there is a people come out of Egypt , which covereth the face of the earth : come now , curse me them ; peradventure I shall be able to overcome them , and drive them out .
22 : 20 And God came unto Balaam at night , and said unto him , If the men come to call thee , rise up , and go with them ; but yet the word which I shall say unto thee , that shalt thou do .
22 : 35 And the angel of the LORD said unto Balaam , Go with the men : but only the word that I shall speak unto thee , that thou shalt speak .
the word that God putteth in my mouth , that shall I speak .
23 : 8 How shall I curse , whom God hath not cursed ?
or how shall I defy , whom the LORD hath not defied ?
23 : 9 For from the top of the rocks I see him , and from the hills I behold him : lo , the people shall dwell alone , and shall not be reckoned among the nations .
23 : 18 And he took up his parable , and said , Rise up , Balak , and hear ; hearken unto me , thou son of Zippor : 23 : 19 God is not a man , that he should lie ; neither the son of man , that he should repent : hath he said , and shall he not do it ?
or hath he spoken , and shall he not make it good ?
23 : 23 Surely there is no enchantment against Jacob , neither is there any divination against Israel : according to this time it shall be said of Jacob and of Israel , What hath God wrought !
23 : 24 Behold , the people shall rise up as a great lion , and lift up himself as a young lion : he shall not lie down until he eat of the prey , and drink the blood of the slain .
24 : 7 He shall pour the water out of his buckets , and his seed shall be in many waters , and his king shall be higher than Agag , and his kingdom shall be exalted .
24 : 8 God brought him forth out of Egypt ; he hath as it were the strength of an unicorn : he shall eat up the nations his enemies , and shall break their bones , and pierce them through with his arrows .
24 : 9 He couched , he lay down as a lion , and as a great lion : who shall stir him up ?
24 : 14 And now , behold , I go unto my people : come therefore , and I will advertise thee what this people shall do to thy people in the latter days .
24 : 15 And he took up his parable , and said , Balaam the son of Beor hath said , and the man whose eyes are open hath said : 24 : 16 He hath said , which heard the words of God , and knew the knowledge of the most High , which saw the vision of the Almighty , falling into a trance , but having his eyes open : 24 : 17 I shall see him , but not now : I shall behold him , but not nigh : there shall come a Star out of Jacob , and a Sceptre shall rise out of Israel , and shall smite the corners of Moab , and destroy all the children of Sheth .
24 : 18 And Edom shall be a possession , Seir also shall be a possession for his enemies ; and Israel shall do valiantly .
24 : 19 Out of Jacob shall come he that shall have dominion , and shall destroy him that remaineth of the city .
24 : 20 And when he looked on Amalek , he took up his parable , and said , Amalek was the first of the nations ; but his latter end shall be that he perish for ever .
24 : 22 Nevertheless the Kenite shall be wasted , until Asshur shall carry thee away captive .
24 : 23 And he took up his parable , and said , Alas , who shall live when God doeth this !
24 : 24 And ships shall come from the coast of Chittim , and shall afflict Asshur , and shall afflict Eber , and he also shall perish for ever .
25 : 12 Wherefore say , Behold , I give unto him my covenant of peace : 25 : 13 And he shall have it , and his seed after him , even the covenant of an everlasting priesthood ; because he was zealous for his God , and made an atonement for the children of Israel .
26 : 52 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 26 : 53 Unto these the land shall be divided for an inheritance according to the number of names .
26 : 54 To many thou shalt give the more inheritance , and to few thou shalt give the less inheritance : to every one shall his inheritance be given according to those that were numbered of him .
26 : 55 Notwithstanding the land shall be divided by lot : according to the names of the tribes of their fathers they shall inherit .
26 : 56 According to the lot shall the possession thereof be divided between many and few .
26 : 65 For the LORD had said of them , They shall surely die in the wilderness .
27 : 8 And thou shalt speak unto the children of Israel , saying , If a man die , and have no son , then ye shall cause his inheritance to pass unto his daughter .
27 : 9 And if he have no daughter , then ye shall give his inheritance unto his brethren .
27 : 10 And if he have no brethren , then ye shall give his inheritance unto his father ' s brethren .
27 : 11 And if his father have no brethren , then ye shall give his inheritance unto his kinsman that is next to him of his family , and he shall possess it : and it shall be unto the children of Israel a statute of judgment , as the LORD commanded Moses .
27 : 21 And he shall stand before Eleazar the priest , who shall ask counsel for him after the judgment of Urim before the LORD : at his word shall they go out , and at his word they shall come in , both he , and all the children of Israel with him , even all the congregation .
28 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 28 : 2 Command the children of Israel , and say unto them , My offering , and my bread for my sacrifices made by fire , for a sweet savour unto me , shall ye observe to offer unto me in their due season .
28 : 3 And thou shalt say unto them , This is the offering made by fire which ye shall offer unto the LORD ; two lambs of the first year without spot day by day , for a continual burnt offering .
28 : 7 And the drink offering thereof shall be the fourth part of an hin for the one lamb : in the holy place shalt thou cause the strong wine to be poured unto the LORD for a drink offering .
28 : 11 And in the beginnings of your months ye shall offer a burnt offering unto the LORD ; two young bullocks , and one ram , seven lambs of the first year without spot ; 28 : 12 And three tenth deals of flour for a meat offering , mingled with oil , for one bullock ; and two tenth deals of flour for a meat offering , mingled with oil , for one ram ; 28 : 13 And a several tenth deal of flour mingled with oil for a meat offering unto one lamb ; for a burnt offering of a sweet savour , a sacrifice made by fire unto the LORD .
28 : 14 And their drink offerings shall be half an hin of wine unto a bullock , and the third part of an hin unto a ram , and a fourth part of an hin unto a lamb : this is the burnt offering of every month throughout the months of the year .
28 : 15 And one kid of the goats for a sin offering unto the LORD shall be offered , beside the continual burnt offering , and his drink offering .
28 : 17 And in the fifteenth day of this month is the feast : seven days shall unleavened bread be eaten .
28 : 18 In the first day shall be an holy convocation ; ye shall do no manner of servile work therein : 28 : 19 But ye shall offer a sacrifice made by fire for a burnt offering unto the LORD ; two young bullocks , and one ram , and seven lambs of the first year : they shall be unto you without blemish : 28 : 20 And their meat offering shall be of flour mingled with oil : three tenth deals shall ye offer for a bullock , and two tenth deals for a ram ; 28 : 21 A several tenth deal shalt thou offer for every lamb , throughout the seven lambs : 28 : 22 And one goat for a sin offering , to make an atonement for you .
28 : 23 Ye shall offer these beside the burnt offering in the morning , which is for a continual burnt offering .
28 : 24 After this manner ye shall offer daily , throughout the seven days , the meat of the sacrifice made by fire , of a sweet savour unto the LORD : it shall be offered beside the continual burnt offering , and his drink offering .
28 : 25 And on the seventh day ye shall have an holy convocation ; ye shall do no servile work .
28 : 26 Also in the day of the firstfruits , when ye bring a new meat offering unto the LORD , after your weeks be out , ye shall have an holy convocation ; ye shall do no servile work : 28 : 27 But ye shall offer the burnt offering for a sweet savour unto the LORD ; two young bullocks , one ram , seven lambs of the first year ; 28 : 28 And their meat offering of flour mingled with oil , three tenth deals unto one bullock , two tenth deals unto one ram , 28 : 29 A several tenth deal unto one lamb , throughout the seven lambs ; 28 : 30 And one kid of the goats , to make an atonement for you .
28 : 31 Ye shall offer them beside the continual burnt offering , and his meat offering , ( they shall be unto you without blemish ) and their drink offerings .
29 : 1 And in the seventh month , on the first day of the month , ye shall have an holy convocation ; ye shall do no servile work : it is a day of blowing the trumpets unto you .
29 : 2 And ye shall offer a burnt offering for a sweet savour unto the LORD ; one young bullock , one ram , and seven lambs of the first year without blemish : 29 : 3 And their meat offering shall be of flour mingled with oil , three tenth deals for a bullock , and two tenth deals for a ram , 29 : 4 And one tenth deal for one lamb , throughout the seven lambs : 29 : 5 And one kid of the goats for a sin offering , to make an atonement for you : 29 : 6 Beside the burnt offering of the month , and his meat offering , and the daily burnt offering , and his meat offering , and their drink offerings , according unto their manner , for a sweet savour , a sacrifice made by fire unto the LORD .
29 : 7 And ye shall have on the tenth day of this seventh month an holy convocation ; and ye shall afflict your souls : ye shall not do any work therein : 29 : 8 But ye shall offer a burnt offering unto the LORD for a sweet savour ; one young bullock , one ram , and seven lambs of the first year ; they shall be unto you without blemish : 29 : 9 And their meat offering shall be of flour mingled with oil , three tenth deals to a bullock , and two tenth deals to one ram , 29 : 10 A several tenth deal for one lamb , throughout the seven lambs : 29 : 11 One kid of the goats for a sin offering ; beside the sin offering of atonement , and the continual burnt offering , and the meat offering of it , and their drink offerings .
29 : 12 And on the fifteenth day of the seventh month ye shall have an holy convocation ; ye shall do no servile work , and ye shall keep a feast unto the LORD seven days : 29 : 13 And ye shall offer a burnt offering , a sacrifice made by fire , of a sweet savour unto the LORD ; thirteen young bullocks , two rams , and fourteen lambs of the first year ; they shall be without blemish : 29 : 14 And their meat offering shall be of flour mingled with oil , three tenth deals unto every bullock of the thirteen bullocks , two tenth deals to each ram of the two rams , 29 : 15 And a several tenth deal to each lamb of the fourteen lambs : 29 : 16 And one kid of the goats for a sin offering ; beside the continual burnt offering , his meat offering , and his drink offering .
29 : 17 And on the second day ye shall offer twelve young bullocks , two rams , fourteen lambs of the first year without spot : 29 : 18 And their meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullocks , for the rams , and for the lambs , shall be according to their number , after the manner : 29 : 19 And one kid of the goats for a sin offering ; beside the continual burnt offering , and the meat offering thereof , and their drink offerings .
29 : 20 And on the third day eleven bullocks , two rams , fourteen lambs of the first year without blemish ; 29 : 21 And their meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullocks , for the rams , and for the lambs , shall be according to their number , after the manner : 29 : 22 And one goat for a sin offering ; beside the continual burnt offering , and his meat offering , and his drink offering .
29 : 23 And on the fourth day ten bullocks , two rams , and fourteen lambs of the first year without blemish : 29 : 24 Their meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullocks , for the rams , and for the lambs , shall be according to their number , after the manner : 29 : 25 And one kid of the goats for a sin offering ; beside the continual burnt offering , his meat offering , and his drink offering .
29 : 26 And on the fifth day nine bullocks , two rams , and fourteen lambs of the first year without spot : 29 : 27 And their meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullocks , for the rams , and for the lambs , shall be according to their number , after the manner : 29 : 28 And one goat for a sin offering ; beside the continual burnt offering , and his meat offering , and his drink offering .
29 : 29 And on the sixth day eight bullocks , two rams , and fourteen lambs of the first year without blemish : 29 : 30 And their meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullocks , for the rams , and for the lambs , shall be according to their number , after the manner : 29 : 31 And one goat for a sin offering ; beside the continual burnt offering , his meat offering , and his drink offering .
29 : 32 And on the seventh day seven bullocks , two rams , and fourteen lambs of the first year without blemish : 29 : 33 And their meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullocks , for the rams , and for the lambs , shall be according to their number , after the manner : 29 : 34 And one goat for a sin offering ; beside the continual burnt offering , his meat offering , and his drink offering .
29 : 35 On the eighth day ye shall have a solemn assembly : ye shall do no servile work therein : 29 : 36 But ye shall offer a burnt offering , a sacrifice made by fire , of a sweet savour unto the LORD : one bullock , one ram , seven lambs of the first year without blemish : 29 : 37 Their meat offering and their drink offerings for the bullock , for the ram , and for the lambs , shall be according to their number , after the manner : 29 : 38 And one goat for a sin offering ; beside the continual burnt offering , and his meat offering , and his drink offering .
29 : 39 These things ye shall do unto the LORD in your set feasts , beside your vows , and your freewill offerings , for your burnt offerings , and for your meat offerings , and for your drink offerings , and for your peace offerings .
30 : 2 If a man vow a vow unto the LORD , or swear an oath to bind his soul with a bond ; he shall not break his word , he shall do according to all that proceedeth out of his mouth .
30 : 3 If a woman also vow a vow unto the LORD , and bind herself by a bond , being in her father ' s house in her youth ; 30 : 4 And her father hear her vow , and her bond wherewith she hath bound her soul , and her father shall hold his peace at her ; then all her vows shall stand , and every bond wherewith she hath bound her soul shall stand .
30 : 5 But if her father disallow her in the day that he heareth ; not any of her vows , or of her bonds wherewith she hath bound her soul , shall stand : and the LORD shall forgive her , because her father disallowed her .
30 : 6 And if she had at all an husband , when she vowed , or uttered ought out of her lips , wherewith she bound her soul ; 30 : 7 And her husband heard it , and held his peace at her in the day that he heard it : then her vows shall stand , and her bonds wherewith she bound her soul shall stand .
30 : 8 But if her husband disallowed her on the day that he heard it ; then he shall make her vow which she vowed , and that which she uttered with her lips , wherewith she bound her soul , of none effect : and the LORD shall forgive her .
30 : 9 But every vow of a widow , and of her that is divorced , wherewith they have bound their souls , shall stand against her .
30 : 10 And if she vowed in her husband ' s house , or bound her soul by a bond with an oath ; 30 : 11 And her husband heard it , and held his peace at her , and disallowed her not : then all her vows shall stand , and every bond wherewith she bound her soul shall stand .
30 : 12 But if her husband hath utterly made them void on the day he heard them ; then whatsoever proceeded out of her lips concerning her vows , or concerning the bond of her soul , shall not stand : her husband hath made them void ; and the LORD shall forgive her .
30 : 15 But if he shall any ways make them void after that he hath heard them ; then he shall bear her iniquity .
31 : 4 Of every tribe a thousand , throughout all the tribes of Israel , shall ye send to the war .
31 : 21 And Eleazar the priest said unto the men of war which went to the battle , This is the ordinance of the law which the LORD commanded Moses ; 31 : 22 Only the gold , and the silver , the brass , the iron , the tin , and the lead , 31 : 23 Every thing that may abide the fire , ye shall make it go through the fire , and it shall be clean : nevertheless it shall be purified with the water of separation : and all that abideth not the fire ye shall make go through the water .
31 : 24 And ye shall wash your clothes on the seventh day , and ye shall be clean , and afterward ye shall come into the camp .
32 : 6 And Moses said unto the children of Gad and to the children of Reuben , Shall your brethren go to war , and shall ye sit here ?
32 : 10 And the LORD ' s anger was kindled the same time , and he sware , saying , 32 : 11 Surely none of the men that came up out of Egypt , from twenty years old and upward , shall see the land which I sware unto Abraham , unto Isaac , and unto Jacob ; because they have not wholly followed me : 32 : 12 Save Caleb the son of Jephunneh the Kenezite , and Joshua the son of Nun : for they have wholly followed the LORD .
32 : 15 For if ye turn away from after him , he will yet again leave them in the wilderness ; and ye shall destroy all this people .
32 : 16 And they came near unto him , and said , We will build sheepfolds here for our cattle , and cities for our little ones : 32 : 17 But we ourselves will go ready armed before the children of Israel , until we have brought them unto their place : and our little ones shall dwell in the fenced cities because of the inhabitants of the land .
32 : 20 And Moses said unto them , If ye will do this thing , if ye will go armed before the LORD to war , 32 : 21 And will go all of you armed over Jordan before the LORD , until he hath driven out his enemies from before him , 32 : 22 And the land be subdued before the LORD : then afterward ye shall return , and be guiltless before the LORD , and before Israel ; and this land shall be your possession before the LORD .
32 : 26 Our little ones , our wives , our flocks , and all our cattle , shall be there in the cities of Gilead : 32 : 27 But thy servants will pass over , every man armed for war , before the LORD to battle , as my lord saith .
32 : 28 So concerning them Moses commanded Eleazar the priest , and Joshua the son of Nun , and the chief fathers of the tribes of the children of Israel : 32 : 29 And Moses said unto them , If the children of Gad and the children of Reuben will pass with you over Jordan , every man armed to battle , before the LORD , and the land shall be subdued before you ; then ye shall give them the land of Gilead for a possession : 32 : 30 But if they will not pass over with you armed , they shall have possessions among you in the land of Canaan .
33 : 50 And the LORD spake unto Moses in the plains of Moab by Jordan near Jericho , saying , 33 : 51 Speak unto the children of Israel , and say unto them , When ye are passed over Jordan into the land of Canaan ; 33 : 52 Then ye shall drive out all the inhabitants of the land from before you , and destroy all their pictures , and destroy all their molten images , and quite pluck down all their high places : 33 : 53 And ye shall dispossess the inhabitants of the land , and dwell therein : for I have given you the land to possess it .
33 : 54 And ye shall divide the land by lot for an inheritance among your families : and to the more ye shall give the more inheritance , and to the fewer ye shall give the less inheritance : every man ' s inheritance shall be in the place where his lot falleth ; according to the tribes of your fathers ye shall inherit .
33 : 55 But if ye will not drive out the inhabitants of the land from before you ; then it shall come to pass , that those which ye let remain of them shall be pricks in your eyes , and thorns in your sides , and shall vex you in the land wherein ye dwell .
33 : 56 Moreover it shall come to pass , that I shall do unto you , as I thought to do unto them .
34 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 34 : 2 Command the children of Israel , and say unto them , When ye come into the land of Canaan ; ( this is the land that shall fall unto you for an inheritance , even the land of Canaan with the coasts thereof :) 34 : 3 Then your south quarter shall be from the wilderness of Zin along by the coast of Edom , and your south border shall be the outmost coast of the salt sea eastward : 34 : 4 And your border shall turn from the south to the ascent of Akrabbim , and pass on to Zin : and the going forth thereof shall be from the south to Kadeshbarnea , and shall go on to Hazaraddar , and pass on to Azmon : 34 : 5 And the border shall fetch a compass from Azmon unto the river of Egypt , and the goings out of it shall be at the sea .
34 : 6 And as for the western border , ye shall even have the great sea for a border : this shall be your west border .
34 : 7 And this shall be your north border : from the great sea ye shall point out for you mount Hor : 34 : 8 From mount Hor ye shall point out your border unto the entrance of Hamath ; and the goings forth of the border shall be to Zedad : 34 : 9 And the border shall go on to Ziphron , and the goings out of it shall be at Hazarenan : this shall be your north border .
34 : 10 And ye shall point out your east border from Hazarenan to Shepham : 34 : 11 And the coast shall go down from Shepham to Riblah , on the east side of Ain ; and the border shall descend , and shall reach unto the side of the sea of Chinnereth eastward : 34 : 12 And the border shall go down to Jordan , and the goings out of it shall be at the salt sea : this shall be your land with the coasts thereof round about .
34 : 13 And Moses commanded the children of Israel , saying , This is the land which ye shall inherit by lot , which the LORD commanded to give unto the nine tribes , and to the half tribe : 34 : 14 For the tribe of the children of Reuben according to the house of their fathers , and the tribe of the children of Gad according to the house of their fathers , have received their inheritance ; and half the tribe of Manasseh have received their inheritance : 34 : 15 The two tribes and the half tribe have received their inheritance on this side Jordan near Jericho eastward , toward the sunrising .
34 : 16 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 34 : 17 These are the names of the men which shall divide the land unto you : Eleazar the priest , and Joshua the son of Nun .
34 : 18 And ye shall take one prince of every tribe , to divide the land by inheritance .
35 : 1 And the LORD spake unto Moses in the plains of Moab by Jordan near Jericho , saying , 35 : 2 Command the children of Israel , that they give unto the Levites of the inheritance of their possession cities to dwell in ; and ye shall give also unto the Levites suburbs for the cities round about them .
35 : 3 And the cities shall they have to dwell in ; and the suburbs of them shall be for their cattle , and for their goods , and for all their beasts .
35 : 4 And the suburbs of the cities , which ye shall give unto the Levites , shall reach from the wall of the city and outward a thousand cubits round about .
35 : 5 And ye shall measure from without the city on the east side two thousand cubits , and on the south side two thousand cubits , and on the west side two thousand cubits , and on the north side two thousand cubits ; and the city shall be in the midst : this shall be to them the suburbs of the cities .
35 : 6 And among the cities which ye shall give unto the Levites there shall be six cities for refuge , which ye shall appoint for the manslayer , that he may flee thither : and to them ye shall add forty and two cities .
35 : 7 So all the cities which ye shall give to the Levites shall be forty and eight cities : them shall ye give with their suburbs .
35 : 8 And the cities which ye shall give shall be of the possession of the children of Israel : from them that have many ye shall give many ; but from them that have few ye shall give few : every one shall give of his cities unto the Levites according to his inheritance which he inheriteth .
35 : 9 And the LORD spake unto Moses , saying , 35 : 10 Speak unto the children of Israel , and say unto them , When ye be come over Jordan into the land of Canaan ; 35 : 11 Then ye shall appoint you cities to be cities of refuge for you ; that the slayer may flee thither , which killeth any person at unawares .
35 : 12 And they shall be unto you cities for refuge from the avenger ; that the manslayer die not , until he stand before the congregation in judgment .
35 : 13 And of these cities which ye shall give six cities shall ye have for refuge .
35 : 14 Ye shall give three cities on this side Jordan , and three cities shall ye give in the land of Canaan , which shall be cities of refuge .
35 : 15 These six cities shall be a refuge , both for the children of Israel , and for the stranger , and for the sojourner among them : that every one that killeth any person unawares may flee thither .
35 : 16 And if he smite him with an instrument of iron , so that he die , he is a murderer : the murderer shall surely be put to death .
35 : 17 And if he smite him with throwing a stone , wherewith he may die , and he die , he is a murderer : the murderer shall surely be put to death .
35 : 18 Or if he smite him with an hand weapon of wood , wherewith he may die , and he die , he is a murderer : the murderer shall surely be put to death .
35 : 19 The revenger of blood himself shall slay the murderer : when he meeteth him , he shall slay him .
35 : 20 But if he thrust him of hatred , or hurl at him by laying of wait , that he die ; 35 : 21 Or in enmity smite him with his hand , that he die : he that smote him shall surely be put to death ; for he is a murderer : the revenger of blood shall slay the murderer , when he meeteth him .
35 : 22 But if he thrust him suddenly without enmity , or have cast upon him any thing without laying of wait , 35 : 23 Or with any stone , wherewith a man may die , seeing him not , and cast it upon him , that he die , and was not his enemy , neither sought his harm : 35 : 24 Then the congregation shall judge between the slayer and the revenger of blood according to these judgments : 35 : 25 And the congregation shall deliver the slayer out of the hand of the revenger of blood , and the congregation shall restore him to the city of his refuge , whither he was fled : and he shall abide in it unto the death of the high priest , which was anointed with the holy oil .
35 : 26 But if the slayer shall at any time come without the border of the city of his refuge , whither he was fled ; 35 : 27 And the revenger of blood find him without the borders of the city of his refuge , and the revenger of blood kill the slayer ; he shall not be guilty of blood : 35 : 28 Because he should have remained in the city of his refuge until the death of the high priest : but after the death of the high priest the slayer shall return into the land of his possession .
35 : 29 So these things shall be for a statute of judgment unto you throughout your generations in all your dwellings .
35 : 30 Whoso killeth any person , the murderer shall be put to death by the mouth of witnesses : but one witness shall not testify against any person to cause him to die .
35 : 31 Moreover ye shall take no satisfaction for the life of a murderer , which is guilty of death : but he shall be surely put to death .
35 : 32 And ye shall take no satisfaction for him that is fled to the city of his refuge , that he should come again to dwell in the land , until the death of the priest .
35 : 33 So ye shall not pollute the land wherein ye are : for blood it defileth the land : and the land cannot be cleansed of the blood that is shed therein , but by the blood of him that shed it .
35 : 34 Defile not therefore the land which ye shall inhabit , wherein I dwell : for I the LORD dwell among the children of Israel .
36 : 3 And if they be married to any of the sons of the other tribes of the children of Israel , then shall their inheritance be taken from the inheritance of our fathers , and shall be put to the inheritance of the tribe whereunto they are received : so shall it be taken from the lot of our inheritance .
36 : 4 And when the jubile of the children of Israel shall be , then shall their inheritance be put unto the inheritance of the tribe whereunto they are received : so shall their inheritance be taken away from the inheritance of the tribe of our fathers .
36 : 6 This is the thing which the LORD doth command concerning the daughters of Zelophehad , saying , Let them marry to whom they think best ; only to the family of the tribe of their father shall they marry .
36 : 7 So shall not the inheritance of the children of Israel remove from tribe to tribe : for every one of the children of Israel shall keep himself to the inheritance of the tribe of his fathers .
36 : 8 And every daughter , that possesseth an inheritance in any tribe of the children of Israel , shall be wife unto one of the family of the tribe of her father , that the children of Israel may enjoy every man the inheritance of his fathers .
36 : 9 Neither shall the inheritance remove from one tribe to another tribe ; but every one of the tribes of the children of Israel shall keep himself to his own inheritance .
1 : 17 Ye shall not respect persons in judgment ; but ye shall hear the small as well as the great ; ye shall not be afraid of the face of man ; for the judgment is God ' s : and the cause that is too hard for you , bring it unto me , and I will hear it .
1 : 22 And ye came near unto me every one of you , and said , We will send men before us , and they shall search us out the land , and bring us word again by what way we must go up , and into what cities we shall come .
1 : 28 Whither shall we go up ?
1 : 30 The LORD your God which goeth before you , he shall fight for you , according to all that he did for you in Egypt before your eyes ; 1 : 31 And in the wilderness , where thou hast seen how that the LORD thy God bare thee , as a man doth bear his son , in all the way that ye went , until ye came into this place .
1 : 34 And the LORD heard the voice of your words , and was wroth , and sware , saying , 1 : 35 Surely there shall not one of these men of this evil generation see that good land , which I sware to give unto your fathers .
1 : 36 Save Caleb the son of Jephunneh ; he shall see it , and to him will I give the land that he hath trodden upon , and to his children , because he hath wholly followed the LORD .
1 : 38 But Joshua the son of Nun , which standeth before thee , he shall go in thither : encourage him : for he shall cause Israel to inherit it .
1 : 39 Moreover your little ones , which ye said should be a prey , and your children , which in that day had no knowledge between good and evil , they shall go in thither , and unto them will I give it , and they shall possess it .
2 : 4 And command thou the people , saying , Ye are to pass through the coast of your brethren the children of Esau , which dwell in Seir ; and they shall be afraid of you : take ye good heed unto yourselves therefore : 2 : 5 Meddle not with them ; for I will not give you of their land , no , not so much as a foot breadth ; because I have given mount Seir unto Esau for a possession .
2 : 6 Ye shall buy meat of them for money , that ye may eat ; and ye shall also buy water of them for money , that ye may drink .
2 : 25 This day will I begin to put the dread of thee and the fear of thee upon the nations that are under the whole heaven , who shall hear report of thee , and shall tremble , and be in anguish because of thee .
2 : 28 Thou shalt sell me meat for money , that I may eat ; and give me water for money , that I may drink : only I will pass through on my feet ; 2 : 29 ( As the children of Esau which dwell in Seir , and the Moabites which dwell in Ar , did unto me ;) until I shall pass over Jordan into the land which the LORD our God giveth us .
3 : 18 And I commanded you at that time , saying , The LORD your God hath given you this land to possess it : ye shall pass over armed before your brethren the children of Israel , all that are meet for the war .
3 : 19 But your wives , and your little ones , and your cattle , ( for I know that ye have much cattle ,) shall abide in your cities which I have given you ; 3 : 20 Until the LORD have given rest unto your brethren , as well as unto you , and until they also possess the land which the LORD your God hath given them beyond Jordan : and then shall ye return every man unto his possession , which I have given you .
3 : 21 And I commanded Joshua at that time , saying , Thine eyes have seen all that the LORD your God hath done unto these two kings : so shall the LORD do unto all the kingdoms whither thou passest .
3 : 22 Ye shall not fear them : for the LORD your God he shall fight for you .
3 : 28 But charge Joshua , and encourage him , and strengthen him : for he shall go over before this people , and he shall cause them to inherit the land which thou shalt see .
4 : 2 Ye shall not add unto the word which I command you , neither shall ye diminish ought from it , that ye may keep the commandments of the LORD your God which I command you .
4 : 6 Keep therefore and do them ; for this is your wisdom and your understanding in the sight of the nations , which shall hear all these statutes , and say , Surely this great nation is a wise and understanding people .
4 : 9 Only take heed to thyself , and keep thy soul diligently , lest thou forget the things which thine eyes have seen , and lest they depart from thy heart all the days of thy life : but teach them thy sons , and thy sons ' sons ; 4 : 10 Specially the day that thou stoodest before the LORD thy God in Horeb , when the LORD said unto me , Gather me the people together , and I will make them hear my words , that they may learn to fear me all the days that they shall live upon the earth , and that they may teach their children .
4 : 21 Furthermore the LORD was angry with me for your sakes , and sware that I should not go over Jordan , and that I should not go in unto that good land , which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance : 4 : 22 But I must die in this land , I must not go over Jordan : but ye shall go over , and possess that good land .
4 : 25 When thou shalt beget children , and children ' s children , and ye shall have remained long in the land , and shall corrupt yourselves , and make a graven image , or the likeness of any thing , and shall do evil in the sight of the LORD thy God , to provoke him to anger : 4 : 26 I call heaven and earth to witness against you this day , that ye shall soon utterly perish from off the land whereunto ye go over Jordan to possess it ; ye shall not prolong your days upon it , but shall utterly be destroyed .
4 : 27 And the LORD shall scatter you among the nations , and ye shall be left few in number among the heathen , whither the LORD shall lead you .
4 : 28 And there ye shall serve gods , the work of men ' s hands , wood and stone , which neither see , nor hear , nor eat , nor smell .
for this great fire will consume us : if we hear the voice of the LORD our God any more , then we shall die .
5 : 27 Go thou near , and hear all that the LORD our God shall say : and speak thou unto us all that the LORD our God shall speak unto thee ; and we will hear it , and do it .
5 : 32 Ye shall observe to do therefore as the LORD your God hath commanded you : ye shall not turn aside to the right hand or to the left .
5 : 33 Ye shall walk in all the ways which the LORD your God hath commanded you , that ye may live , and that it may be well with you , and that ye may prolong your days in the land which ye shall possess .
6 : 6 And these words , which I command thee this day , shall be in thine heart : 6 : 7 And thou shalt teach them diligently unto thy children , and shalt talk of them when thou sittest in thine house , and when thou walkest by the way , and when thou liest down , and when thou risest up .
6 : 8 And thou shalt bind them for a sign upon thine hand , and they shall be as frontlets between thine eyes .
6 : 10 And it shall be , when the LORD thy God shall have brought thee into the land which he sware unto thy fathers , to Abraham , to Isaac , and to Jacob , to give thee great and goodly cities , which thou buildedst not , 6 : 11 And houses full of all good things , which thou filledst not , and wells digged , which thou diggedst not , vineyards and olive trees , which thou plantedst not ; when thou shalt have eaten and be full ; 6 : 12 Then beware lest thou forget the LORD , which brought thee forth out of the land of Egypt , from the house of bondage .
6 : 14 Ye shall not go after other gods , of the gods of the people which are round about you ; 6 : 15 ( For the LORD thy God is a jealous God among you ) lest the anger of the LORD thy God be kindled against thee , and destroy thee from off the face of the earth .
6 : 16 Ye shall not tempt the LORD your God , as ye tempted him in Massah .
6 : 17 Ye shall diligently keep the commandments of the LORD your God , and his testimonies , and his statutes , which he hath commanded thee .
6 : 25 And it shall be our righteousness , if we observe to do all these commandments before the LORD our God , as he hath commanded us .
7 : 1 When the LORD thy God shall bring thee into the land whither thou goest to possess it , and hath cast out many nations before thee , the Hittites , and the Girgashites , and the Amorites , and the Canaanites , and the Perizzites , and the Hivites , and the Jebusites , seven nations greater and mightier than thou ; 7 : 2 And when the LORD thy God shall deliver them before thee ; thou shalt smite them , and utterly destroy them ; thou shalt make no covenant with them , nor shew mercy unto them : 7 : 3 Neither shalt thou make marriages with them ; thy daughter thou shalt not give unto his son , nor his daughter shalt thou take unto thy son .
7 : 5 But thus shall ye deal with them ; ye shall destroy their altars , and break down their images , and cut down their groves , and burn their graven images with fire .
7 : 12 Wherefore it shall come to pass , if ye hearken to these judgments , and keep , and do them , that the LORD thy God shall keep unto thee the covenant and the mercy which he sware unto thy fathers : 7 : 13 And he will love thee , and bless thee , and multiply thee : he will also bless the fruit of thy womb , and the fruit of thy land , thy corn , and thy wine , and thine oil , the increase of thy kine , and the flocks of thy sheep , in the land which he sware unto thy fathers to give thee .
7 : 14 Thou shalt be blessed above all people : there shall not be male or female barren among you , or among your cattle .
7 : 16 And thou shalt consume all the people which the LORD thy God shall deliver thee ; thine eye shall have no pity upon them : neither shalt thou serve their gods ; for that will be a snare unto thee .
7 : 18 Thou shalt not be afraid of them : but shalt well remember what the LORD thy God did unto Pharaoh , and unto all Egypt ; 7 : 19 The great temptations which thine eyes saw , and the signs , and the wonders , and the mighty hand , and the stretched out arm , whereby the LORD thy God brought thee out : so shall the LORD thy God do unto all the people of whom thou art afraid .
7 : 23 But the LORD thy God shall deliver them unto thee , and shall destroy them with a mighty destruction , until they be destroyed .
7 : 24 And he shall deliver their kings into thine hand , and thou shalt destroy their name from under heaven : there shall no man be able to stand before thee , until thou have destroyed them .
7 : 25 The graven images of their gods shall ye burn with fire : thou shalt not desire the silver or gold that is on them , nor take it unto thee , lest thou be snared therin : for it is an abomination to the LORD thy God .
8 : 1 All the commandments which I command thee this day shall ye observe to do , that ye may live , and multiply , and go in and possess the land which the LORD sware unto your fathers .
8 : 19 And it shall be , if thou do at all forget the LORD thy God , and walk after other gods , and serve them , and worship them , I testify against you this day that ye shall surely perish .
8 : 20 As the nations which the LORD destroyeth before your face , so shall ye perish ; because ye would not be obedient unto the voice of the LORD your God .
9 : 3 Understand therefore this day , that the LORD thy God is he which goeth over before thee ; as a consuming fire he shall destroy them , and he shall bring them down before thy face : so shalt thou drive them out , and destroy them quickly , as the LORD hath said unto thee .
11 : 8 Therefore shall ye keep all the commandments which I command you this day , that ye may be strong , and go in and possess the land , whither ye go to possess it ; 11 : 9 And that ye may prolong your days in the land , which the LORD sware unto your fathers to give unto them and to their seed , a land that floweth with milk and honey .
11 : 13 And it shall come to pass , if ye shall hearken diligently unto my commandments which I command you this day , to love the LORD your God , and to serve him with all your heart and with all your soul , 11 : 14 That I will give you the rain of your land in his due season , the first rain and the latter rain , that thou mayest gather in thy corn , and thy wine , and thine oil .
11 : 18 Therefore shall ye lay up these my words in your heart and in your soul , and bind them for a sign upon your hand , that they may be as frontlets between your eyes .
11 : 19 And ye shall teach them your children , speaking of them when thou sittest in thine house , and when thou walkest by the way , when thou liest down , and when thou risest up .
11 : 22 For if ye shall diligently keep all these commandments which I command you , to do them , to love the LORD your God , to walk in all his ways , and to cleave unto him ; 11 : 23 Then will the LORD drive out all these nations from before you , and ye shall possess greater nations and mightier than yourselves .
11 : 24 Every place whereon the soles of your feet shall tread shall be yours : from the wilderness and Lebanon , from the river , the river Euphrates , even unto the uttermost sea shall your coast be .
11 : 25 There shall no man be able to stand before you : for the LORD your God shall lay the fear of you and the dread of you upon all the land that ye shall tread upon , as he hath said unto you .
11 : 29 And it shall come to pass , when the LORD thy God hath brought thee in unto the land whither thou goest to possess it , that thou shalt put the blessing upon mount Gerizim , and the curse upon mount Ebal .
11 : 31 For ye shall pass over Jordan to go in to possess the land which the LORD your God giveth you , and ye shall possess it , and dwell therein .
11 : 32 And ye shall observe to do all the statutes and judgments which I set before you this day .
12 : 1 These are the statutes and judgments , which ye shall observe to do in the land , which the LORD God of thy fathers giveth thee to possess it , all the days that ye live upon the earth .
12 : 2 Ye shall utterly destroy all the places , wherein the nations which ye shall possess served their gods , upon the high mountains , and upon the hills , and under every green tree : 12 : 3 And ye shall overthrow their altars , and break their pillars , and burn their groves with fire ; and ye shall hew down the graven images of their gods , and destroy the names of them out of that place .
12 : 4 Ye shall not do so unto the LORD your God .
12 : 5 But unto the place which the LORD your God shall choose out of all your tribes to put his name there , even unto his habitation shall ye seek , and thither thou shalt come : 12 : 6 And thither ye shall bring your burnt offerings , and your sacrifices , and your tithes , and heave offerings of your hand , and your vows , and your freewill offerings , and the firstlings of your herds and of your flocks : 12 : 7 And there ye shall eat before the LORD your God , and ye shall rejoice in all that ye put your hand unto , ye and your households , wherein the LORD thy God hath blessed thee .
12 : 8 Ye shall not do after all the things that we do here this day , every man whatsoever is right in his own eyes .
12 : 10 But when ye go over Jordan , and dwell in the land which the LORD your God giveth you to inherit , and when he giveth you rest from all your enemies round about , so that ye dwell in safety ; 12 : 11 Then there shall be a place which the LORD your God shall choose to cause his name to dwell there ; thither shall ye bring all that I command you ; your burnt offerings , and your sacrifices , your tithes , and the heave offering of your hand , and all your choice vows which ye vow unto the LORD : 12 : 12 And ye shall rejoice before the LORD your God , ye , and your sons , and your daughters , and your menservants , and your maidservants , and the Levite that is within your gates ; forasmuch as he hath no part nor inheritance with you .
12 : 13 Take heed to thyself that thou offer not thy burnt offerings in every place that thou seest : 12 : 14 But in the place which the LORD shall choose in one of thy tribes , there thou shalt offer thy burnt offerings , and there thou shalt do all that I command thee .
12 : 16 Only ye shall not eat the blood ; ye shall pour it upon the earth as water .
12 : 17 Thou mayest not eat within thy gates the tithe of thy corn , or of thy wine , or of thy oil , or the firstlings of thy herds or of thy flock , nor any of thy vows which thou vowest , nor thy freewill offerings , or heave offering of thine hand : 12 : 18 But thou must eat them before the LORD thy God in the place which the LORD thy God shall choose , thou , and thy son , and thy daughter , and thy manservant , and thy maidservant , and the Levite that is within thy gates : and thou shalt rejoice before the LORD thy God in all that thou puttest thine hands unto .
12 : 20 When the LORD thy God shall enlarge thy border , as he hath promised thee , and thou shalt say , I will eat flesh , because thy soul longeth to eat flesh ; thou mayest eat flesh , whatsoever thy soul lusteth after .
12 : 22 Even as the roebuck and the hart is eaten , so thou shalt eat them : the unclean and the clean shall eat of them alike .
12 : 26 Only thy holy things which thou hast , and thy vows , thou shalt take , and go unto the place which the LORD shall choose : 12 : 27 And thou shalt offer thy burnt offerings , the flesh and the blood , upon the altar of the LORD thy God : and the blood of thy sacrifices shall be poured out upon the altar of the LORD thy God , and thou shalt eat the flesh .
12 : 29 When the LORD thy God shall cut off the nations from before thee , whither thou goest to possess them , and thou succeedest them , and dwellest in their land ; 12 : 30 Take heed to thyself that thou be not snared by following them , after that they be destroyed from before thee ; and that thou enquire not after their gods , saying , How did these nations serve their gods ?
13 : 4 Ye shall walk after the LORD your God , and fear him , and keep his commandments , and obey his voice , and ye shall serve him , and cleave unto him .
13 : 5 And that prophet , or that dreamer of dreams , shall be put to death ; because he hath spoken to turn you away from the LORD your God , which brought you out of the land of Egypt , and redeemed you out of the house of bondage , to thrust thee out of the way which the LORD thy God commanded thee to walk in .
13 : 6 If thy brother , the son of thy mother , or thy son , or thy daughter , or the wife of thy bosom , or thy friend , which is as thine own soul , entice thee secretly , saying , Let us go and serve other gods , which thou hast not known , thou , nor thy fathers ; 13 : 7 Namely , of the gods of the people which are round about you , nigh unto thee , or far off from thee , from the one end of the earth even unto the other end of the earth ; 13 : 8 Thou shalt not consent unto him , nor hearken unto him ; neither shall thine eye pity him , neither shalt thou spare , neither shalt thou conceal him : 13 : 9 But thou shalt surely kill him ; thine hand shall be first upon him to put him to death , and afterwards the hand of all the people .
13 : 11 And all Israel shall hear , and fear , and shall do no more any such wickedness as this is among you .
13 : 16 And thou shalt gather all the spoil of it into the midst of the street thereof , and shalt burn with fire the city , and all the spoil thereof every whit , for the LORD thy God : and it shall be an heap for ever ; it shall not be built again .
13 : 17 And there shall cleave nought of the cursed thing to thine hand : that the LORD may turn from the fierceness of his anger , and shew thee mercy , and have compassion upon thee , and multiply thee , as he hath sworn unto thy fathers ; 13 : 18 When thou shalt hearken to the voice of the LORD thy God , to keep all his commandments which I command thee this day , to do that which is right in the eyes of the LORD thy God .
14 : 1 Ye are the children of the LORD your God : ye shall not cut yourselves , nor make any baldness between your eyes for the dead .
14 : 4 These are the beasts which ye shall eat : the ox , the sheep , and the goat , 14 : 5 The hart , and the roebuck , and the fallow deer , and the wild goat , and the pygarg , and the wild ox , and the chamois .
14 : 6 And every beast that parteth the hoof , and cleaveth the cleft into two claws , and cheweth the cud among the beasts , that ye shall eat .
14 : 7 Nevertheless these ye shall not eat of them that chew the cud , or of them that divide the cloven hoof ; as the camel , and the hare , and the coney : for they chew the cud , but divide not the hoof ; therefore they are unclean unto you .
14 : 8 And the swine , because it divideth the hoof , yet cheweth not the cud , it is unclean unto you : ye shall not eat of their flesh , nor touch their dead carcase .
14 : 9 These ye shall eat of all that are in the waters : all that have fins and scales shall ye eat : 14 : 10 And whatsoever hath not fins and scales ye may not eat ; it is unclean unto you .
14 : 11 Of all clean birds ye shall eat .
14 : 12 But these are they of which ye shall not eat : the eagle , and the ossifrage , and the ospray , 14 : 13 And the glede , and the kite , and the vulture after his kind , 14 : 14 And every raven after his kind , 14 : 15 And the owl , and the night hawk , and the cuckow , and the hawk after his kind , 14 : 16 The little owl , and the great owl , and the swan , 14 : 17 And the pelican , and the gier eagle , and the cormorant , 14 : 18 And the stork , and the heron after her kind , and the lapwing , and the bat .
14 : 19 And every creeping thing that flieth is unclean unto you : they shall not be eaten .
14 : 21 Ye shall not eat of anything that dieth of itself : thou shalt give it unto the stranger that is in thy gates , that he may eat it ; or thou mayest sell it unto an alien : for thou art an holy people unto the LORD thy God .
14 : 23 And thou shalt eat before the LORD thy God , in the place which he shall choose to place his name there , the tithe of thy corn , of thy wine , and of thine oil , and the firstlings of thy herds and of thy flocks ; that thou mayest learn to fear the LORD thy God always .
14 : 24 And if the way be too long for thee , so that thou art not able to carry it ; or if the place be too far from thee , which the LORD thy God shall choose to set his name there , when the LORD thy God hath blessed thee : 14 : 25 Then shalt thou turn it into money , and bind up the money in thine hand , and shalt go unto the place which the LORD thy God shall choose : 14 : 26 And thou shalt bestow that money for whatsoever thy soul lusteth after , for oxen , or for sheep , or for wine , or for strong drink , or for whatsoever thy soul desireth : and thou shalt eat there before the LORD thy God , and thou shalt rejoice , thou , and thine household , 14 : 27 And the Levite that is within thy gates ; thou shalt not forsake him ; for he hath no part nor inheritance with thee .
14 : 28 At the end of three years thou shalt bring forth all the tithe of thine increase the same year , and shalt lay it up within thy gates : 14 : 29 And the Levite , ( because he hath no part nor inheritance with thee ,) and the stranger , and the fatherless , and the widow , which are within thy gates , shall come , and shall eat and be satisfied ; that the LORD thy God may bless thee in all the work of thine hand which thou doest .
15 : 2 And this is the manner of the release : Every creditor that lendeth ought unto his neighbour shall release it ; he shall not exact it of his neighbour , or of his brother ; because it is called the LORD ' s release .
15 : 3 Of a foreigner thou mayest exact it again : but that which is thine with thy brother thine hand shall release ; 15 : 4 Save when there shall be no poor among you ; for the LORD shall greatly bless thee in the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance to possess it : 15 : 5 Only if thou carefully hearken unto the voice of the LORD thy God , to observe to do all these commandments which I command thee this day .
15 : 6 For the LORD thy God blesseth thee , as he promised thee : and thou shalt lend unto many nations , but thou shalt not borrow ; and thou shalt reign over many nations , but they shall not reign over thee .
15 : 10 Thou shalt surely give him , and thine heart shall not be grieved when thou givest unto him : because that for this thing the LORD thy God shall bless thee in all thy works , and in all that thou puttest thine hand unto .
15 : 11 For the poor shall never cease out of the land : therefore I command thee , saying , Thou shalt open thine hand wide unto thy brother , to thy poor , and to thy needy , in thy land .
15 : 16 And it shall be , if he say unto thee , I will not go away from thee ; because he loveth thee and thine house , because he is well with thee ; 15 : 17 Then thou shalt take an aul , and thrust it through his ear unto the door , and he shall be thy servant for ever .
15 : 18 It shall not seem hard unto thee , when thou sendest him away free from thee ; for he hath been worth a double hired servant to thee , in serving thee six years : and the LORD thy God shall bless thee in all that thou doest .
15 : 20 Thou shalt eat it before the LORD thy God year by year in the place which the LORD shall choose , thou and thy household .
15 : 22 Thou shalt eat it within thy gates : the unclean and the clean person shall eat it alike , as the roebuck , and as the hart .
16 : 2 Thou shalt therefore sacrifice the passover unto the LORD thy God , of the flock and the herd , in the place which the LORD shall choose to place his name there .
16 : 4 And there shall be no leavened bread seen with thee in all thy coast seven days ; neither shall there any thing of the flesh , which thou sacrificedst the first day at even , remain all night until the morning .
16 : 5 Thou mayest not sacrifice the passover within any of thy gates , which the LORD thy God giveth thee : 16 : 6 But at the place which the LORD thy God shall choose to place his name in , there thou shalt sacrifice the passover at even , at the going down of the sun , at the season that thou camest forth out of Egypt .
16 : 7 And thou shalt roast and eat it in the place which the LORD thy God shall choose : and thou shalt turn in the morning , and go unto thy tents .
16 : 8 Six days thou shalt eat unleavened bread : and on the seventh day shall be a solemn assembly to the LORD thy God : thou shalt do no work therein .
16 : 15 Seven days shalt thou keep a solemn feast unto the LORD thy God in the place which the LORD shall choose : because the LORD thy God shall bless thee in all thine increase , and in all the works of thine hands , therefore thou shalt surely rejoice .
16 : 16 Three times in a year shall all thy males appear before the LORD thy God in the place which he shall choose ; in the feast of unleavened bread , and in the feast of weeks , and in the feast of tabernacles : and they shall not appear before the LORD empty : 16 : 17 Every man shall give as he is able , according to the blessing of the LORD thy God which he hath given thee .
16 : 18 Judges and officers shalt thou make thee in all thy gates , which the LORD thy God giveth thee , throughout thy tribes : and they shall judge the people with just judgment .
17 : 6 At the mouth of two witnesses , or three witnesses , shall he that is worthy of death be put to death ; but at the mouth of one witness he shall not be put to death .
17 : 7 The hands of the witnesses shall be first upon him to put him to death , and afterward the hands of all the people .
17 : 8 If there arise a matter too hard for thee in judgment , between blood and blood , between plea and plea , and between stroke and stroke , being matters of controversy within thy gates : then shalt thou arise , and get thee up into the place which the LORD thy God shall choose ; 17 : 9 And thou shalt come unto the priests the Levites , and unto the judge that shall be in those days , and enquire ; and they shall shew thee the sentence of judgment : 17 : 10 And thou shalt do according to the sentence , which they of that place which the LORD shall choose shall shew thee ; and thou shalt observe to do according to all that they inform thee : 17 : 11 According to the sentence of the law which they shall teach thee , and according to the judgment which they shall tell thee , thou shalt do : thou shalt not decline from the sentence which they shall shew thee , to the right hand , nor to the left .
17 : 12 And the man that will do presumptuously , and will not hearken unto the priest that standeth to minister there before the LORD thy God , or unto the judge , even that man shall die : and thou shalt put away the evil from Israel .
17 : 13 And all the people shall hear , and fear , and do no more presumptuously .
17 : 14 When thou art come unto the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee , and shalt possess it , and shalt dwell therein , and shalt say , I will set a king over me , like as all the nations that are about me ; 17 : 15 Thou shalt in any wise set him king over thee , whom the LORD thy God shall choose : one from among thy brethren shalt thou set king over thee : thou mayest not set a stranger over thee , which is not thy brother .
17 : 16 But he shall not multiply horses to himself , nor cause the people to return to Egypt , to the end that he should multiply horses : forasmuch as the LORD hath said unto you , Ye shall henceforth return no more that way .
17 : 17 Neither shall he multiply wives to himself , that his heart turn not away : neither shall he greatly multiply to himself silver and gold .
17 : 18 And it shall be , when he sitteth upon the throne of his kingdom , that he shall write him a copy of this law in a book out of that which is before the priests the Levites : 17 : 19 And it shall be with him , and he shall read therein all the days of his life : that he may learn to fear the LORD his God , to keep all the words of this law and these statutes , to do them : 17 : 20 That his heart be not lifted up above his brethren , and that he turn not aside from the commandment , to the right hand , or to the left : to the end that he may prolong his days in his kingdom , he , and his children , in the midst of Israel .
18 : 1 The priests the Levites , and all the tribe of Levi , shall have no part nor inheritance with Israel : they shall eat the offerings of the LORD made by fire , and his inheritance .
18 : 2 Therefore shall they have no inheritance among their brethren : the LORD is their inheritance , as he hath said unto them .
18 : 3 And this shall be the priest ' s due from the people , from them that offer a sacrifice , whether it be ox or sheep ; and they shall give unto the priest the shoulder , and the two cheeks , and the maw .
18 : 6 And if a Levite come from any of thy gates out of all Israel , where he sojourned , and come with all the desire of his mind unto the place which the LORD shall choose ; 18 : 7 Then he shall minister in the name of the LORD his God , as all his brethren the Levites do , which stand there before the LORD .
18 : 8 They shall have like portions to eat , beside that which cometh of the sale of his patrimony .
18 : 10 There shall not be found among you any one that maketh his son or his daughter to pass through the fire , or that useth divination , or an observer of times , or an enchanter , or a witch .
18 : 15 The LORD thy God will raise up unto thee a Prophet from the midst of thee , of thy brethren , like unto me ; unto him ye shall hearken ; 18 : 16 According to all that thou desiredst of the LORD thy God in Horeb in the day of the assembly , saying , Let me not hear again the voice of the LORD my God , neither let me see this great fire any more , that I die not .
18 : 18 I will raise them up a Prophet from among their brethren , like unto thee , and will put my words in his mouth ; and he shall speak unto them all that I shall command him .
18 : 19 And it shall come to pass , that whosoever will not hearken unto my words which he shall speak in my name , I will require it of him .
18 : 20 But the prophet , which shall presume to speak a word in my name , which I have not commanded him to speak , or that shall speak in the name of other gods , even that prophet shall die .
18 : 21 And if thou say in thine heart , How shall we know the word which the LORD hath not spoken ?
19 : 4 And this is the case of the slayer , which shall flee thither , that he may live : Whoso killeth his neighbour ignorantly , whom he hated not in time past ; 19 : 5 As when a man goeth into the wood with his neighbour to hew wood , and his hand fetcheth a stroke with the axe to cut down the tree , and the head slippeth from the helve , and lighteth upon his neighbour , that he die ; he shall flee unto one of those cities , and live : 19 : 6 Lest the avenger of the blood pursue the slayer , while his heart is hot , and overtake him , because the way is long , and slay him ; whereas he was not worthy of death , inasmuch as he hated him not in time past .
19 : 11 But if any man hate his neighbour , and lie in wait for him , and rise up against him , and smite him mortally that he die , and fleeth into one of these cities : 19 : 12 Then the elders of his city shall send and fetch him thence , and deliver him into the hand of the avenger of blood , that he may die .
19 : 13 Thine eye shall not pity him , but thou shalt put away the guilt of innocent blood from Israel , that it may go well with thee .
19 : 15 One witness shall not rise up against a man for any iniquity , or for any sin , in any sin that he sinneth : at the mouth of two witnesses , or at the mouth of three witnesses , shall the matter be established .
19 : 16 If a false witness rise up against any man to testify against him that which is wrong ; 19 : 17 Then both the men , between whom the controversy is , shall stand before the LORD , before the priests and the judges , which shall be in those days ; 19 : 18 And the judges shall make diligent inquisition : and , behold , if the witness be a false witness , and hath testified falsely against his brother ; 19 : 19 Then shall ye do unto him , as he had thought to have done unto his brother : so shalt thou put the evil away from among you .
19 : 20 And those which remain shall hear , and fear , and shall henceforth commit no more any such evil among you .
19 : 21 And thine eye shall not pity ; but life shall go for life , eye for eye , tooth for tooth , hand for hand , foot for foot .
20 : 2 And it shall be , when ye are come nigh unto the battle , that the priest shall approach and speak unto the people , 20 : 3 And shall say unto them , Hear , O Israel , ye approach this day unto battle against your enemies : let not your hearts faint , fear not , and do not tremble , neither be ye terrified because of them ; 20 : 4 For the LORD your God is he that goeth with you , to fight for you against your enemies , to save you .
20 : 5 And the officers shall speak unto the people , saying , What man is there that hath built a new house , and hath not dedicated it ?
20 : 8 And the officers shall speak further unto the people , and they shall say , What man is there that is fearful and fainthearted ?
20 : 9 And it shall be , when the officers have made an end of speaking unto the people that they shall make captains of the armies to lead the people .
20 : 11 And it shall be , if it make thee answer of peace , and open unto thee , then it shall be , that all the people that is found therein shall be tributaries unto thee , and they shall serve thee .
21 : 1 If one be found slain in the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee to possess it , lying in the field , and it be not known who hath slain him : 21 : 2 Then thy elders and thy judges shall come forth , and they shall measure unto the cities which are round about him that is slain : 21 : 3 And it shall be , that the city which is next unto the slain man , even the elders of that city shall take an heifer , which hath not been wrought with , and which hath not drawn in the yoke ; 21 : 4 And the elders of that city shall bring down the heifer unto a rough valley , which is neither eared nor sown , and shall strike off the heifer ' s neck there in the valley : 21 : 5 And the priests the sons of Levi shall come near ; for them the LORD thy God hath chosen to minister unto him , and to bless in the name of the LORD ; and by their word shall every controversy and every stroke be tried : 21 : 6 And all the elders of that city , that are next unto the slain man , shall wash their hands over the heifer that is beheaded in the valley : 21 : 7 And they shall answer and say , Our hands have not shed this blood , neither have our eyes seen it .
And the blood shall be forgiven them .
21 : 10 When thou goest forth to war against thine enemies , and the LORD thy God hath delivered them into thine hands , and thou hast taken them captive , 21 : 11 And seest among the captives a beautiful woman , and hast a desire unto her , that thou wouldest have her to thy wife ; 21 : 12 Then thou shalt bring her home to thine house , and she shall shave her head , and pare her nails ; 21 : 13 And she shall put the raiment of her captivity from off her , and shall remain in thine house , and bewail her father and her mother a full month : and after that thou shalt go in unto her , and be her husband , and she shall be thy wife .
21 : 14 And it shall be , if thou have no delight in her , then thou shalt let her go whither she will ; but thou shalt not sell her at all for money , thou shalt not make merchandise of her , because thou hast humbled her .
21 : 15 If a man have two wives , one beloved , and another hated , and they have born him children , both the beloved and the hated ; and if the firstborn son be hers that was hated : 21 : 16 Then it shall be , when he maketh his sons to inherit that which he hath , that he may not make the son of the beloved firstborn before the son of the hated , which is indeed the firstborn : 21 : 17 But he shall acknowledge the son of the hated for the firstborn , by giving him a double portion of all that he hath : for he is the beginning of his strength ; the right of the firstborn is his .
21 : 18 If a man have a stubborn and rebellious son , which will not obey the voice of his father , or the voice of his mother , and that , when they have chastened him , will not hearken unto them : 21 : 19 Then shall his father and his mother lay hold on him , and bring him out unto the elders of his city , and unto the gate of his place ; 21 : 20 And they shall say unto the elders of his city , This our son is stubborn and rebellious , he will not obey our voice ; he is a glutton , and a drunkard .
21 : 21 And all the men of his city shall stone him with stones , that he die : so shalt thou put evil away from among you ; and all Israel shall hear , and fear .
21 : 22 And if a man have committed a sin worthy of death , and he be to be put to death , and thou hang him on a tree : 21 : 23 His body shall not remain all night upon the tree , but thou shalt in any wise bury him that day ; ( for he that is hanged is accursed of God ;) that thy land be not defiled , which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance .
22 : 2 And if thy brother be not nigh unto thee , or if thou know him not , then thou shalt bring it unto thine own house , and it shall be with thee until thy brother seek after it , and thou shalt restore it to him again .
22 : 5 The woman shall not wear that which pertaineth unto a man , neither shall a man put on a woman ' s garment : for all that do so are abomination unto the LORD thy God .
22 : 13 If any man take a wife , and go in unto her , and hate her , 22 : 14 And give occasions of speech against her , and bring up an evil name upon her , and say , I took this woman , and when I came to her , I found her not a maid : 22 : 15 Then shall the father of the damsel , and her mother , take and bring forth the tokens of the damsel ' s virginity unto the elders of the city in the gate : 22 : 16 And the damsel ' s father shall say unto the elders , I gave my daughter unto this man to wife , and he hateth her ; 22 : 17 And , lo , he hath given occasions of speech against her , saying , I found not thy daughter a maid ; and yet these are the tokens of my daughter ' s virginity .
And they shall spread the cloth before the elders of the city .
22 : 18 And the elders of that city shall take that man and chastise him ; 22 : 19 And they shall amerce him in an hundred shekels of silver , and give them unto the father of the damsel , because he hath brought up an evil name upon a virgin of Israel : and she shall be his wife ; he may not put her away all his days .
22 : 20 But if this thing be true , and the tokens of virginity be not found for the damsel : 22 : 21 Then they shall bring out the damsel to the door of her father ' s house , and the men of her city shall stone her with stones that she die : because she hath wrought folly in Israel , to play the whore in her father ' s house : so shalt thou put evil away from among you .
22 : 22 If a man be found lying with a woman married to an husband , then they shall both of them die , both the man that lay with the woman , and the woman : so shalt thou put away evil from Israel .
22 : 23 If a damsel that is a virgin be betrothed unto an husband , and a man find her in the city , and lie with her ; 22 : 24 Then ye shall bring them both out unto the gate of that city , and ye shall stone them with stones that they die ; the damsel , because she cried not , being in the city ; and the man , because he hath humbled his neighbour ' s wife : so thou shalt put away evil from among you .
22 : 25 But if a man find a betrothed damsel in the field , and the man force her , and lie with her : then the man only that lay with her shall die .
22 : 28 If a man find a damsel that is a virgin , which is not betrothed , and lay hold on her , and lie with her , and they be found ; 22 : 29 Then the man that lay with her shall give unto the damsel ' s father fifty shekels of silver , and she shall be his wife ; because he hath humbled her , he may not put her away all his days .
22 : 30 A man shall not take his father ' s wife , nor discover his father ' s skirt .
23 : 1 He that is wounded in the stones , or hath his privy member cut off , shall not enter into the congregation of the LORD .
23 : 2 A bastard shall not enter into the congregation of the LORD ; even to his tenth generation shall he not enter into the congregation of the LORD .
23 : 3 An Ammonite or Moabite shall not enter into the congregation of the LORD ; even to their tenth generation shall they not enter into the congregation of the LORD for ever : 23 : 4 Because they met you not with bread and with water in the way , when ye came forth out of Egypt ; and because they hired against thee Balaam the son of Beor of Pethor of Mesopotamia , to curse thee .
23 : 8 The children that are begotten of them shall enter into the congregation of the LORD in their third generation .
23 : 10 If there be among you any man , that is not clean by reason of uncleanness that chanceth him by night , then shall he go abroad out of the camp , he shall not come within the camp : 23 : 11 But it shall be , when evening cometh on , he shall wash himself with water : and when the sun is down , he shall come into the camp again .
23 : 12 Thou shalt have a place also without the camp , whither thou shalt go forth abroad : 23 : 13 And thou shalt have a paddle upon thy weapon ; and it shall be , when thou wilt ease thyself abroad , thou shalt dig therewith , and shalt turn back and cover that which cometh from thee : 23 : 14 For the LORD thy God walketh in the midst of thy camp , to deliver thee , and to give up thine enemies before thee ; therefore shall thy camp be holy : that he see no unclean thing in thee , and turn away from thee .
23 : 15 Thou shalt not deliver unto his master the servant which is escaped from his master unto thee : 23 : 16 He shall dwell with thee , even among you , in that place which he shall choose in one of thy gates , where it liketh him best : thou shalt not oppress him .
23 : 17 There shall be no whore of the daughters of Israel , nor a sodomite of the sons of Israel .
23 : 22 But if thou shalt forbear to vow , it shall be no sin in thee .
24 : 5 When a man hath taken a new wife , he shall not go out to war , neither shall he be charged with any business : but he shall be free at home one year , and shall cheer up his wife which he hath taken .
24 : 6 No man shall take the nether or the upper millstone to pledge : for he taketh a man ' s life to pledge .
24 : 7 If a man be found stealing any of his brethren of the children of Israel , and maketh merchandise of him , or selleth him ; then that thief shall die ; and thou shalt put evil away from among you .
24 : 8 Take heed in the plague of leprosy , that thou observe diligently , and do according to all that the priests the Levites shall teach you : as I commanded them , so ye shall observe to do .
24 : 11 Thou shalt stand abroad , and the man to whom thou dost lend shall bring out the pledge abroad unto thee .
24 : 12 And if the man be poor , thou shalt not sleep with his pledge : 24 : 13 In any case thou shalt deliver him the pledge again when the sun goeth down , that he may sleep in his own raiment , and bless thee : and it shall be righteousness unto thee before the LORD thy God .
24 : 14 Thou shalt not oppress an hired servant that is poor and needy , whether he be of thy brethren , or of thy strangers that are in thy land within thy gates : 24 : 15 At his day thou shalt give him his hire , neither shall the sun go down upon it ; for he is poor , and setteth his heart upon it : lest he cry against thee unto the LORD , and it be sin unto thee .
24 : 16 The fathers shall not be put to death for the children , neither shall the children be put to death for the fathers : every man shall be put to death for his own sin .
24 : 19 When thou cuttest down thine harvest in thy field , and hast forgot a sheaf in the field , thou shalt not go again to fetch it : it shall be for the stranger , for the fatherless , and for the widow : that the LORD thy God may bless thee in all the work of thine hands .
24 : 20 When thou beatest thine olive tree , thou shalt not go over the boughs again : it shall be for the stranger , for the fatherless , and for the widow .
24 : 21 When thou gatherest the grapes of thy vineyard , thou shalt not glean it afterward : it shall be for the stranger , for the fatherless , and for the widow .
25 : 1 If there be a controversy between men , and they come unto judgment , that the judges may judge them ; then they shall justify the righteous , and condemn the wicked .
25 : 2 And it shall be , if the wicked man be worthy to be beaten , that the judge shall cause him to lie down , and to be beaten before his face , according to his fault , by a certain number .
25 : 5 If brethren dwell together , and one of them die , and have no child , the wife of the dead shall not marry without unto a stranger : her husband ' s brother shall go in unto her , and take her to him to wife , and perform the duty of an husband ' s brother unto her .
25 : 6 And it shall be , that the firstborn which she beareth shall succeed in the name of his brother which is dead , that his name be not put out of Israel .
25 : 8 Then the elders of his city shall call him , and speak unto him : and if he stand to it , and say , I like not to take her ; 25 : 9 Then shall his brother ' s wife come unto him in the presence of the elders , and loose his shoe from off his foot , and spit in his face , and shall answer and say , So shall it be done unto that man that will not build up his brother ' s house .
25 : 10 And his name shall be called in Israel , The house of him that hath his shoe loosed .
25 : 11 When men strive together one with another , and the wife of the one draweth near for to deliver her husband out of the hand of him that smiteth him , and putteth forth her hand , and taketh him by the secrets : 25 : 12 Then thou shalt cut off her hand , thine eye shall not pity her .
25 : 19 Therefore it shall be , when the LORD thy God hath given thee rest from all thine enemies round about , in the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance to possess it , that thou shalt blot out the remembrance of Amalek from under heaven ; thou shalt not forget it .
26 : 1 And it shall be , when thou art come in unto the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance , and possessest it , and dwellest therein ; 26 : 2 That thou shalt take of the first of all the fruit of the earth , which thou shalt bring of thy land that the LORD thy God giveth thee , and shalt put it in a basket , and shalt go unto the place which the LORD thy God shall choose to place his name there .
26 : 3 And thou shalt go unto the priest that shall be in those days , and say unto him , I profess this day unto the LORD thy God , that I am come unto the country which the LORD sware unto our fathers for to give us .
26 : 4 And the priest shall take the basket out of thine hand , and set it down before the altar of the LORD thy God .
27 : 2 And it shall be on the day when ye shall pass over Jordan unto the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee , that thou shalt set thee up great stones , and plaister them with plaister : 27 : 3 And thou shalt write upon them all the words of this law , when thou art passed over , that thou mayest go in unto the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee , a land that floweth with milk and honey ; as the LORD God of thy fathers hath promised thee .
27 : 4 Therefore it shall be when ye be gone over Jordan , that ye shall set up these stones , which I command you this day , in mount Ebal , and thou shalt plaister them with plaister .
27 : 11 And Moses charged the people the same day , saying , 27 : 12 These shall stand upon mount Gerizim to bless the people , when ye are come over Jordan ; Simeon , and Levi , and Judah , and Issachar , and Joseph , and Benjamin : 27 : 13 And these shall stand upon mount Ebal to curse ; Reuben , Gad , and Asher , and Zebulun , Dan , and Naphtali .
27 : 14 And the Levites shall speak , and say unto all the men of Israel with a loud voice , 27 : 15 Cursed be the man that maketh any graven or molten image , an abomination unto the LORD , the work of the hands of the craftsman , and putteth it in a secret place .
And all the people shall answer and say , Amen .
And all the people shall say , Amen .
And all the people shall say , Amen .
And all the people shall say , Amen .
And all the people shall say , Amen .
And all the people shall say , Amen .
And all the people shall say , Amen .
And all the people shall say , Amen .
And all the people shall say , Amen .
And all the people shall say , Amen .
And all the people shall say , Amen .
And all the people shall say , Amen .
28 : 1 And it shall come to pass , if thou shalt hearken diligently unto the voice of the LORD thy God , to observe and to do all his commandments which I command thee this day , that the LORD thy God will set thee on high above all nations of the earth : 28 : 2 And all these blessings shall come on thee , and overtake thee , if thou shalt hearken unto the voice of the LORD thy God .
28 : 4 Blessed shall be the fruit of thy body , and the fruit of thy ground , and the fruit of thy cattle , the increase of thy kine , and the flocks of thy sheep .
28 : 5 Blessed shall be thy basket and thy store .
28 : 7 The LORD shall cause thine enemies that rise up against thee to be smitten before thy face : they shall come out against thee one way , and flee before thee seven ways .
28 : 8 The LORD shall command the blessing upon thee in thy storehouses , and in all that thou settest thine hand unto ; and he shall bless thee in the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee .
28 : 9 The LORD shall establish thee an holy people unto himself , as he hath sworn unto thee , if thou shalt keep the commandments of the LORD thy God , and walk in his ways .
28 : 10 And all people of the earth shall see that thou art called by the name of the LORD ; and they shall be afraid of thee .
28 : 11 And the LORD shall make thee plenteous in goods , in the fruit of thy body , and in the fruit of thy cattle , and in the fruit of thy ground , in the land which the LORD sware unto thy fathers to give thee .
28 : 12 The LORD shall open unto thee his good treasure , the heaven to give the rain unto thy land in his season , and to bless all the work of thine hand : and thou shalt lend unto many nations , and thou shalt not borrow .
28 : 13 And the LORD shall make thee the head , and not the tail ; and thou shalt be above only , and thou shalt not be beneath ; if that thou hearken unto the commandments of the LORD thy God , which I command thee this day , to observe and to do them : 28 : 14 And thou shalt not go aside from any of the words which I command thee this day , to the right hand , or to the left , to go after other gods to serve them .
28 : 15 But it shall come to pass , if thou wilt not hearken unto the voice of the LORD thy God , to observe to do all his commandments and his statutes which I command thee this day ; that all these curses shall come upon thee , and overtake thee : 28 : 16 Cursed shalt thou be in the city , and cursed shalt thou be in the field .
28 : 17 Cursed shall be thy basket and thy store .
28 : 18 Cursed shall be the fruit of thy body , and the fruit of thy land , the increase of thy kine , and the flocks of thy sheep .
28 : 20 The LORD shall send upon thee cursing , vexation , and rebuke , in all that thou settest thine hand unto for to do , until thou be destroyed , and until thou perish quickly ; because of the wickedness of thy doings , whereby thou hast forsaken me .
28 : 21 The LORD shall make the pestilence cleave unto thee , until he have consumed thee from off the land , whither thou goest to possess it .
28 : 22 The LORD shall smite thee with a consumption , and with a fever , and with an inflammation , and with an extreme burning , and with the sword , and with blasting , and with mildew ; and they shall pursue thee until thou perish .
28 : 23 And thy heaven that is over thy head shall be brass , and the earth that is under thee shall be iron .
28 : 24 The LORD shall make the rain of thy land powder and dust : from heaven shall it come down upon thee , until thou be destroyed .
28 : 25 The LORD shall cause thee to be smitten before thine enemies : thou shalt go out one way against them , and flee seven ways before them : and shalt be removed into all the kingdoms of the earth .
28 : 26 And thy carcase shall be meat unto all fowls of the air , and unto the beasts of the earth , and no man shall fray them away .
28 : 28 The LORD shall smite thee with madness , and blindness , and astonishment of heart : 28 : 29 And thou shalt grope at noonday , as the blind gropeth in darkness , and thou shalt not prosper in thy ways : and thou shalt be only oppressed and spoiled evermore , and no man shall save thee .
28 : 30 Thou shalt betroth a wife , and another man shall lie with her : thou shalt build an house , and thou shalt not dwell therein : thou shalt plant a vineyard , and shalt not gather the grapes thereof .
28 : 31 Thine ox shall be slain before thine eyes , and thou shalt not eat thereof : thine ass shall be violently taken away from before thy face , and shall not be restored to thee : thy sheep shall be given unto thine enemies , and thou shalt have none to rescue them .
28 : 32 Thy sons and thy daughters shall be given unto another people , and thine eyes shall look , and fail with longing for them all the day long ; and there shall be no might in thine hand .
28 : 33 The fruit of thy land , and all thy labours , shall a nation which thou knowest not eat up ; and thou shalt be only oppressed and crushed alway : 28 : 34 So that thou shalt be mad for the sight of thine eyes which thou shalt see .
28 : 35 The LORD shall smite thee in the knees , and in the legs , with a sore botch that cannot be healed , from the sole of thy foot unto the top of thy head .
28 : 36 The LORD shall bring thee , and thy king which thou shalt set over thee , unto a nation which neither thou nor thy fathers have known ; and there shalt thou serve other gods , wood and stone .
28 : 37 And thou shalt become an astonishment , a proverb , and a byword , among all nations whither the LORD shall lead thee .
28 : 38 Thou shalt carry much seed out into the field , and shalt gather but little in ; for the locust shall consume it .
28 : 39 Thou shalt plant vineyards , and dress them , but shalt neither drink of the wine , nor gather the grapes ; for the worms shall eat them .
28 : 40 Thou shalt have olive trees throughout all thy coasts , but thou shalt not anoint thyself with the oil ; for thine olive shall cast his fruit .
28 : 41 Thou shalt beget sons and daughters , but thou shalt not enjoy them ; for they shall go into captivity .
28 : 42 All thy trees and fruit of thy land shall the locust consume .
28 : 43 The stranger that is within thee shall get up above thee very high ; and thou shalt come down very low .
28 : 44 He shall lend to thee , and thou shalt not lend to him : he shall be the head , and thou shalt be the tail .
28 : 45 Moreover all these curses shall come upon thee , and shall pursue thee , and overtake thee , till thou be destroyed ; because thou hearkenedst not unto the voice of the LORD thy God , to keep his commandments and his statutes which he commanded thee : 28 : 46 And they shall be upon thee for a sign and for a wonder , and upon thy seed for ever .
28 : 47 Because thou servedst not the LORD thy God with joyfulness , and with gladness of heart , for the abundance of all things ; 28 : 48 Therefore shalt thou serve thine enemies which the LORD shall send against thee , in hunger , and in thirst , and in nakedness , and in want of all things : and he shall put a yoke of iron upon thy neck , until he have destroyed thee .
28 : 49 The LORD shall bring a nation against thee from far , from the end of the earth , as swift as the eagle flieth ; a nation whose tongue thou shalt not understand ; 28 : 50 A nation of fierce countenance , which shall not regard the person of the old , nor shew favour to the young : 28 : 51 And he shall eat the fruit of thy cattle , and the fruit of thy land , until thou be destroyed : which also shall not leave thee either corn , wine , or oil , or the increase of thy kine , or flocks of thy sheep , until he have destroyed thee .
28 : 52 And he shall besiege thee in all thy gates , until thy high and fenced walls come down , wherein thou trustedst , throughout all thy land : and he shall besiege thee in all thy gates throughout all thy land , which the LORD thy God hath given thee .
28 : 53 And thou shalt eat the fruit of thine own body , the flesh of thy sons and of thy daughters , which the LORD thy God hath given thee , in the siege , and in the straitness , wherewith thine enemies shall distress thee : 28 : 54 So that the man that is tender among you , and very delicate , his eye shall be evil toward his brother , and toward the wife of his bosom , and toward the remnant of his children which he shall leave : 28 : 55 So that he will not give to any of them of the flesh of his children whom he shall eat : because he hath nothing left him in the siege , and in the straitness , wherewith thine enemies shall distress thee in all thy gates .
28 : 56 The tender and delicate woman among you , which would not adventure to set the sole of her foot upon the ground for delicateness and tenderness , her eye shall be evil toward the husband of her bosom , and toward her son , and toward her daughter , 28 : 57 And toward her young one that cometh out from between her feet , and toward her children which she shall bear : for she shall eat them for want of all things secretly in the siege and straitness , wherewith thine enemy shall distress thee in thy gates .
28 : 60 Moreover he will bring upon thee all the diseases of Egypt , which thou wast afraid of ; and they shall cleave unto thee .
28 : 62 And ye shall be left few in number , whereas ye were as the stars of heaven for multitude ; because thou wouldest not obey the voice of the LORD thy God .
28 : 63 And it shall come to pass , that as the LORD rejoiced over you to do you good , and to multiply you ; so the LORD will rejoice over you to destroy you , and to bring you to nought ; and ye shall be plucked from off the land whither thou goest to possess it .
28 : 64 And the LORD shall scatter thee among all people , from the one end of the earth even unto the other ; and there thou shalt serve other gods , which neither thou nor thy fathers have known , even wood and stone .
28 : 65 And among these nations shalt thou find no ease , neither shall the sole of thy foot have rest : but the LORD shall give thee there a trembling heart , and failing of eyes , and sorrow of mind : 28 : 66 And thy life shall hang in doubt before thee ; and thou shalt fear day and night , and shalt have none assurance of thy life : 28 : 67 In the morning thou shalt say , Would God it were even !
28 : 68 And the LORD shall bring thee into Egypt again with ships , by the way whereof I spake unto thee , Thou shalt see it no more again : and there ye shall be sold unto your enemies for bondmen and bondwomen , and no man shall buy you .
29 : 14 Neither with you only do I make this covenant and this oath ; 29 : 15 But with him that standeth here with us this day before the LORD our God , and also with him that is not here with us this day : 29 : 16 ( For ye know how we have dwelt in the land of Egypt ; and how we came through the nations which ye passed by ; 29 : 17 And ye have seen their abominations , and their idols , wood and stone , silver and gold , which were among them :) 29 : 18 Lest there should be among you man , or woman , or family , or tribe , whose heart turneth away this day from the LORD our God , to go and serve the gods of these nations ; lest there should be among you a root that beareth gall and wormwood ; 29 : 19 And it come to pass , when he heareth the words of this curse , that he bless himself in his heart , saying , I shall have peace , though I walk in the imagination of mine heart , to add drunkenness to thirst : 29 : 20 The LORD will not spare him , but then the anger of the LORD and his jealousy shall smoke against that man , and all the curses that are written in this book shall lie upon him , and the LORD shall blot out his name from under heaven .
29 : 21 And the LORD shall separate him unto evil out of all the tribes of Israel , according to all the curses of the covenant that are written in this book of the law : 29 : 22 So that the generation to come of your children that shall rise up after you , and the stranger that shall come from a far land , shall say , when they see the plagues of that land , and the sicknesses which the LORD hath laid upon it ; 29 : 23 And that the whole land thereof is brimstone , and salt , and burning , that it is not sown , nor beareth , nor any grass groweth therein , like the overthrow of Sodom , and Gomorrah , Admah , and Zeboim , which the LORD overthrew in his anger , and in his wrath : 29 : 24 Even all nations shall say , Wherefore hath the LORD done thus unto this land ?
29 : 25 Then men shall say , Because they have forsaken the covenant of the LORD God of their fathers , which he made with them when he brought them forth out of the land of Egypt : 29 : 26 For they went and served other gods , and worshipped them , gods whom they knew not , and whom he had not given unto them : 29 : 27 And the anger of the LORD was kindled against this land , to bring upon it all the curses that are written in this book : 29 : 28 And the LORD rooted them out of their land in anger , and in wrath , and in great indignation , and cast them into another land , as it is this day .
30 : 1 And it shall come to pass , when all these things are come upon thee , the blessing and the curse , which I have set before thee , and thou shalt call them to mind among all the nations , whither the LORD thy God hath driven thee , 30 : 2 And shalt return unto the LORD thy God , and shalt obey his voice according to all that I command thee this day , thou and thy children , with all thine heart , and with all thy soul ; 30 : 3 That then the LORD thy God will turn thy captivity , and have compassion upon thee , and will return and gather thee from all the nations , whither the LORD thy God hath scattered thee .
30 : 12 It is not in heaven , that thou shouldest say , Who shall go up for us to heaven , and bring it unto us , that we may hear it , and do it ?
30 : 13 Neither is it beyond the sea , that thou shouldest say , Who shall go over the sea for us , and bring it unto us , that we may hear it , and do it ?
30 : 15 See , I have set before thee this day life and good , and death and evil ; 30 : 16 In that I command thee this day to love the LORD thy God , to walk in his ways , and to keep his commandments and his statutes and his judgments , that thou mayest live and multiply : and the LORD thy God shall bless thee in the land whither thou goest to possess it .
30 : 17 But if thine heart turn away , so that thou wilt not hear , but shalt be drawn away , and worship other gods , and serve them ; 30 : 18 I denounce unto you this day , that ye shall surely perish , and that ye shall not prolong your days upon the land , whither thou passest over Jordan to go to possess it .
31 : 3 The LORD thy God , he will go over before thee , and he will destroy these nations from before thee , and thou shalt possess them : and Joshua , he shall go over before thee , as the LORD hath said .
31 : 4 And the LORD shall do unto them as he did to Sihon and to Og , kings of the Amorites , and unto the land of them , whom he destroyed .
31 : 5 And the LORD shall give them up before your face , that ye may do unto them according unto all the commandments which I have commanded you .
31 : 10 And Moses commanded them , saying , At the end of every seven years , in the solemnity of the year of release , in the feast of tabernacles , 31 : 11 When all Israel is come to appear before the LORD thy God in the place which he shall choose , thou shalt read this law before all Israel in their hearing .
31 : 17 Then my anger shall be kindled against them in that day , and I will forsake them , and I will hide my face from them , and they shall be devoured , and many evils and troubles shall befall them ; so that they will say in that day , Are not these evils come upon us , because our God is not among us ?
31 : 18 And I will surely hide my face in that day for all the evils which they shall have wrought , in that they are turned unto other gods .
31 : 20 For when I shall have brought them into the land which I sware unto their fathers , that floweth with milk and honey ; and they shall have eaten and filled themselves , and waxen fat ; then will they turn unto other gods , and serve them , and provoke me , and break my covenant .
31 : 21 And it shall come to pass , when many evils and troubles are befallen them , that this song shall testify against them as a witness ; for it shall not be forgotten out of the mouths of their seed : for I know their imagination which they go about , even now , before I have brought them into the land which I sware .
32 : 2 My doctrine shall drop as the rain , my speech shall distil as the dew , as the small rain upon the tender herb , and as the showers upon the grass : 32 : 3 Because I will publish the name of the LORD : ascribe ye greatness unto our God .
32 : 20 And he said , I will hide my face from them , I will see what their end shall be : for they are a very froward generation , children in whom is no faith .
32 : 22 For a fire is kindled in mine anger , and shall burn unto the lowest hell , and shall consume the earth with her increase , and set on fire the foundations of the mountains .
32 : 24 They shall be burnt with hunger , and devoured with burning heat , and with bitter destruction : I will also send the teeth of beasts upon them , with the poison of serpents of the dust .
32 : 25 The sword without , and terror within , shall destroy both the young man and the virgin , the suckling also with the man of gray hairs .
32 : 35 To me belongeth vengeance and recompence ; their foot shall slide in due time : for the day of their calamity is at hand , and the things that shall come upon them make haste .
32 : 36 For the LORD shall judge his people , and repent himself for his servants , when he seeth that their power is gone , and there is none shut up , or left .
32 : 37 And he shall say , Where are their gods , their rock in whom they trusted , 32 : 38 Which did eat the fat of their sacrifices , and drank the wine of their drink offerings ?
32 : 42 I will make mine arrows drunk with blood , and my sword shall devour flesh ; and that with the blood of the slain and of the captives , from the beginning of revenges upon the enemy .
32 : 45 And Moses made an end of speaking all these words to all Israel : 32 : 46 And he said unto them , Set your hearts unto all the words which I testify among you this day , which ye shall command your children to observe to do , all the words of this law .
32 : 47 For it is not a vain thing for you ; because it is your life : and through this thing ye shall prolong your days in the land , whither ye go over Jordan to possess it .
33 : 3 Yea , he loved the people ; all his saints are in thy hand : and they sat down at thy feet ; every one shall receive of thy words .
33 : 10 They shall teach Jacob thy judgments , and Israel thy law : they shall put incense before thee , and whole burnt sacrifice upon thine altar .
33 : 12 And of Benjamin he said , The beloved of the LORD shall dwell in safety by him ; and the Lord shall cover him all the day long , and he shall dwell between his shoulders .
33 : 17 His glory is like the firstling of his bullock , and his horns are like the horns of unicorns : with them he shall push the people together to the ends of the earth : and they are the ten thousands of Ephraim , and they are the thousands of Manasseh .
33 : 19 They shall call the people unto the mountain ; there they shall offer sacrifices of righteousness : for they shall suck of the abundance of the seas , and of treasures hid in the sand .
33 : 22 And of Dan he said , Dan is a lion ' s whelp : he shall leap from Bashan .
33 : 25 Thy shoes shall be iron and brass ; and as thy days , so shall thy strength be .
33 : 27 The eternal God is thy refuge , and underneath are the everlasting arms : and he shall thrust out the enemy from before thee ; and shall say , Destroy them .
33 : 28 Israel then shall dwell in safety alone : the fountain of Jacob shall be upon a land of corn and wine ; also his heavens shall drop down dew .
and thine enemies shall be found liars unto thee ; and thou shalt tread upon their high places .
1 : 3 Every place that the sole of your foot shall tread upon , that have I given unto you , as I said unto Moses .
1 : 4 From the wilderness and this Lebanon even unto the great river , the river Euphrates , all the land of the Hittites , and unto the great sea toward the going down of the sun , shall be your coast .
1 : 5 There shall not any man be able to stand before thee all the days of thy life : as I was with Moses , so I will be with thee : I will not fail thee , nor forsake thee .
1 : 8 This book of the law shall not depart out of thy mouth ; but thou shalt meditate therein day and night , that thou mayest observe to do according to all that is written therein : for then thou shalt make thy way prosperous , and then thou shalt have good success .
1 : 10 Then Joshua commanded the officers of the people , saying , 1 : 11 Pass through the host , and command the people , saying , Prepare you victuals ; for within three days ye shall pass over this Jordan , to go in to possess the land , which the LORD your God giveth you to possess it .
1 : 14 Your wives , your little ones , and your cattle , shall remain in the land which Moses gave you on this side Jordan ; but ye shall pass before your brethren armed , all the mighty men of valour , and help them ; 1 : 15 Until the LORD have given your brethren rest , as he hath given you , and they also have possessed the land which the LORD your God giveth them : then ye shall return unto the land of your possession , and enjoy it , which Moses the LORD ' s servant gave you on this side Jordan toward the sunrising .
1 : 18 Whosoever he be that doth rebel against thy commandment , and will not hearken unto thy words in all that thou commandest him , he shall be put to death : only be strong and of a good courage .
2 : 4 And the woman took the two men , and hid them , and said thus , There came men unto me , but I wist not whence they were : 2 : 5 And it came to pass about the time of shutting of the gate , when it was dark , that the men went out : whither the men went I wot not : pursue after them quickly ; for ye shall overtake them .
And it shall be , when the LORD hath given us the land , that we will deal kindly and truly with thee .
2 : 19 And it shall be , that whosoever shall go out of the doors of thy house into the street , his blood shall be upon his head , and we will be guiltless : and whosoever shall be with thee in the house , his blood shall be on our head , if any hand be upon him .
3 : 2 And it came to pass after three days , that the officers went through the host ; 3 : 3 And they commanded the people , saying , When ye see the ark of the covenant of the LORD your God , and the priests the Levites bearing it , then ye shall remove from your place , and go after it .
3 : 4 Yet there shall be a space between you and it , about two thousand cubits by measure : come not near unto it , that ye may know the way by which ye must go : for ye have not passed this way heretofore .
3 : 8 And thou shalt command the priests that bear the ark of the covenant , saying , When ye are come to the brink of the water of Jordan , ye shall stand still in Jordan .
3 : 10 And Joshua said , Hereby ye shall know that the living God is among you , and that he will without fail drive out from before you the Canaanites , and the Hittites , and the Hivites , and the Perizzites , and the Girgashites , and the Amorites , and the Jebusites .
3 : 13 And it shall come to pass , as soon as the soles of the feet of the priests that bear the ark of the LORD , the LORD of all the earth , shall rest in the waters of Jordan , that the waters of Jordan shall be cut off from the waters that come down from above ; and they shall stand upon an heap .
4 : 1 And it came to pass , when all the people were clean passed over Jordan , that the LORD spake unto Joshua , saying , 4 : 2 Take you twelve men out of the people , out of every tribe a man , 4 : 3 And command ye them , saying , Take you hence out of the midst of Jordan , out of the place where the priests ' feet stood firm , twelve stones , and ye shall carry them over with you , and leave them in the lodging place , where ye shall lodge this night .
4 : 7 Then ye shall answer them , That the waters of Jordan were cut off before the ark of the covenant of the LORD ; when it passed over Jordan , the waters of Jordan were cut off : and these stones shall be for a memorial unto the children of Israel for ever .
4 : 21 And he spake unto the children of Israel , saying , When your children shall ask their fathers in time to come , saying , What mean these stones ?
4 : 22 Then ye shall let your children know , saying , Israel came over this Jordan on dry land .
6 : 3 And ye shall compass the city , all ye men of war , and go round about the city once .
6 : 4 And seven priests shall bear before the ark seven trumpets of rams ' horns : and the seventh day ye shall compass the city seven times , and the priests shall blow with the trumpets .
6 : 5 And it shall come to pass , that when they make a long blast with the ram ' s horn , and when ye hear the sound of the trumpet , all the people shall shout with a great shout ; and the wall of the city shall fall down flat , and the people shall ascend up every man straight before him .
6 : 10 And Joshua had commanded the people , saying , Ye shall not shout , nor make any noise with your voice , neither shall any word proceed out of your mouth , until the day I bid you shout ; then shall ye shout .
6 : 17 And the city shall be accursed , even it , and all that are therein , to the LORD : only Rahab the harlot shall live , she and all that are with her in the house , because she hid the messengers that we sent .
6 : 19 But all the silver , and gold , and vessels of brass and iron , are consecrated unto the LORD : they shall come into the treasury of the LORD .
6 : 26 And Joshua adjured them at that time , saying , Cursed be the man before the LORD , that riseth up and buildeth this city Jericho : he shall lay the foundation thereof in his firstborn , and in his youngest son shall he set up the gates of it .
7 : 8 O LORD , what shall I say , when Israel turneth their backs before their enemies !
7 : 9 For the Canaanites and all the inhabitants of the land shall hear of it , and shall environ us round , and cut off our name from the earth : and what wilt thou do unto thy great name ?
7 : 14 In the morning therefore ye shall be brought according to your tribes : and it shall be , that the tribe which the LORD taketh shall come according to the families thereof ; and the family which the LORD shall take shall come by households ; and the household which the LORD shall take shall come man by man .
7 : 15 And it shall be , that he that is taken with the accursed thing shall be burnt with fire , he and all that he hath : because he hath transgressed the covenant of the LORD , and because he hath wrought folly in Israel .
the LORD shall trouble thee this day .
8 : 1 And the LORD said unto Joshua , Fear not , neither be thou dismayed : take all the people of war with thee , and arise , go up to Ai : see , I have given into thy hand the king of Ai , and his people , and his city , and his land : 8 : 2 And thou shalt do to Ai and her king as thou didst unto Jericho and her king : only the spoil thereof , and the cattle thereof , shall ye take for a prey unto yourselves : lay thee an ambush for the city behind it .
8 : 4 And he commanded them , saying , Behold , ye shall lie in wait against the city , even behind the city : go not very far from the city , but be ye all ready : 8 : 5 And I , and all the people that are with me , will approach unto the city : and it shall come to pass , when they come out against us , as at the first , that we will flee before them , 8 : 6 ( For they will come out after us ) till we have drawn them from the city ; for they will say , They flee before us , as at the first : therefore we will flee before them .
8 : 7 Then ye shall rise up from the ambush , and seize upon the city : for the LORD your God will deliver it into your hand .
8 : 8 And it shall be , when ye have taken the city , that ye shall set the city on fire : according to the commandment of the LORD shall ye do .
9 : 7 And the men of Israel said unto the Hivites , Peradventure ye dwell among us ; and how shall we make a league with you ?
9 : 23 Now therefore ye are cursed , and there shall none of you be freed from being bondmen , and hewers of wood and drawers of water for the house of my God .
10 : 8 And the LORD said unto Joshua , Fear them not : for I have delivered them into thine hand ; there shall not a man of them stand before thee .
10 : 25 And Joshua said unto them , Fear not , nor be dismayed , be strong and of good courage : for thus shall the LORD do to all your enemies against whom ye fight .
14 : 9 And Moses sware on that day , saying , Surely the land whereon thy feet have trodden shall be thine inheritance , and thy children ' s for ever , because thou hast wholly followed the LORD my God .
14 : 12 Now therefore give me this mountain , whereof the LORD spake in that day ; for thou heardest in that day how the Anakims were there , and that the cities were great and fenced : if so be the LORD will be with me , then I shall be able to drive them out , as the LORD said .
15 : 2 And their south border was from the shore of the salt sea , from the bay that looketh southward : 15 : 3 And it went out to the south side to Maalehacrabbim , and passed along to Zin , and ascended up on the south side unto Kadeshbarnea , and passed along to Hezron , and went up to Adar , and fetched a compass to Karkaa : 15 : 4 From thence it passed toward Azmon , and went out unto the river of Egypt ; and the goings out of that coast were at the sea : this shall be your south coast .
17 : 17 And Joshua spake unto the house of Joseph , even to Ephraim and to Manasseh , saying , Thou art a great people , and hast great power : thou shalt not have one lot only : 17 : 18 But the mountain shall be thine ; for it is a wood , and thou shalt cut it down : and the outgoings of it shall be thine : for thou shalt drive out the Canaanites , though they have iron chariots , and though they be strong .
18 : 4 Give out from among you three men for each tribe : and I will send them , and they shall rise , and go through the land , and describe it according to the inheritance of them ; and they shall come again to me .
18 : 5 And they shall divide it into seven parts : Judah shall abide in their coast on the south , and the house of Joseph shall abide in their coasts on the north .
18 : 6 Ye shall therefore describe the land into seven parts , and bring the description hither to me , that I may cast lots for you here before the LORD our God .
20 : 1 The LORD also spake unto Joshua , saying , 20 : 2 Speak to the children of Israel , saying , Appoint out for you cities of refuge , whereof I spake unto you by the hand of Moses : 20 : 3 That the slayer that killeth any person unawares and unwittingly may flee thither : and they shall be your refuge from the avenger of blood .
20 : 4 And when he that doth flee unto one of those cities shall stand at the entering of the gate of the city , and shall declare his cause in the ears of the elders of that city , they shall take him into the city unto them , and give him a place , that he may dwell among them .
20 : 5 And if the avenger of blood pursue after him , then they shall not deliver the slayer up into his hand ; because he smote his neighbour unwittingly , and hated him not beforetime .
20 : 6 And he shall dwell in that city , until he stand before the congregation for judgment , and until the death of the high priest that shall be in those days : then shall the slayer return , and come unto his own city , and unto his own house , unto the city from whence he fled .
22 : 21 Then the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the half tribe of Manasseh answered , and said unto the heads of the thousands of Israel , 22 : 22 The LORD God of gods , the LORD God of gods , he knoweth , and Israel he shall know ; if it be in rebellion , or if in transgression against the LORD , ( save us not this day ,) 22 : 23 That we have built us an altar to turn from following the LORD , or if to offer thereon burnt offering or meat offering , or if to offer peace offerings thereon , let the LORD himself require it ; 22 : 24 And if we have not rather done it for fear of this thing , saying , In time to come your children might speak unto our children , saying , What have ye to do with the LORD God of Israel ?
22 : 25 For the LORD hath made Jordan a border between us and you , ye children of Reuben and children of Gad ; ye have no part in the LORD : so shall your children make our children cease from fearing the LORD .
22 : 28 Therefore said we , that it shall be , when they should so say to us or to our generations in time to come , that we may say again , Behold the pattern of the altar of the LORD , which our fathers made , not for burnt offerings , nor for sacrifices ; but it is a witness between us and you .
22 : 34 And the children of Reuben and the children of Gad called the altar Ed : for it shall be a witness between us that the LORD is God .
23 : 5 And the LORD your God , he shall expel them from before you , and drive them from out of your sight ; and ye shall possess their land , as the LORD your God hath promised unto you .
23 : 10 One man of you shall chase a thousand : for the LORD your God , he it is that fighteth for you , as he hath promised you .
23 : 12 Else if ye do in any wise go back , and cleave unto the remnant of these nations , even these that remain among you , and shall make marriages with them , and go in unto them , and they to you : 23 : 13 Know for a certainty that the LORD your God will no more drive out any of these nations from before you ; but they shall be snares and traps unto you , and scourges in your sides , and thorns in your eyes , until ye perish from off this good land which the LORD your God hath given you .
23 : 15 Therefore it shall come to pass , that as all good things are come upon you , which the LORD your God promised you ; so shall the LORD bring upon you all evil things , until he have destroyed you from off this good land which the LORD your God hath given you .
23 : 16 When ye have transgressed the covenant of the LORD your God , which he commanded you , and have gone and served other gods , and bowed yourselves to them ; then shall the anger of the LORD be kindled against you , and ye shall perish quickly from off the good land which he hath given unto you .
24 : 27 And Joshua said unto all the people , Behold , this stone shall be a witness unto us ; for it hath heard all the words of the LORD which he spake unto us : it shall be therefore a witness unto you , lest ye deny your God .
1 : 1 Now after the death of Joshua it came to pass , that the children of Israel asked the LORD , saying , Who shall go up for us against the Canaanites first , to fight against them ?
1 : 2 And the LORD said , Judah shall go up : behold , I have delivered the land into his hand .
2 : 2 And ye shall make no league with the inhabitants of this land ; ye shall throw down their altars : but ye have not obeyed my voice : why have ye done this ?
2 : 3 Wherefore I also said , I will not drive them out from before you ; but they shall be as thorns in your sides , and their gods shall be a snare unto you .
4 : 9 And she said , I will surely go with thee : notwithstanding the journey that thou takest shall not be for thine honour ; for the LORD shall sell Sisera into the hand of a woman .
4 : 20 Again he said unto her , Stand in the door of the tent , and it shall be , when any man doth come and enquire of thee , and say , Is there any man here ?
5 : 11 They that are delivered from the noise of archers in the places of drawing water , there shall they rehearse the righteous acts of the LORD , even the righteous acts toward the inhabitants of his villages in Israel : then shall the people of the LORD go down to the gates .
5 : 24 Blessed above women shall Jael the wife of Heber the Kenite be , blessed shall she be above women in the tent .
6 : 15 And he said unto him , Oh my Lord , wherewith shall I save Israel ?
6 : 36 And Gideon said unto God , If thou wilt save Israel by mine hand , as thou hast said , 6 : 37 Behold , I will put a fleece of wool in the floor ; and if the dew be on the fleece only , and it be dry upon all the earth beside , then shall I know that thou wilt save Israel by mine hand , as thou hast said .
7 : 4 And the LORD said unto Gideon , The people are yet too many ; bring them down unto the water , and I will try them for thee there : and it shall be , that of whom I say unto thee , This shall go with thee , the same shall go with thee ; and of whomsoever I say unto thee , This shall not go with thee , the same shall not go .
7 : 10 But if thou fear to go down , go thou with Phurah thy servant down to the host : 7 : 11 And thou shalt hear what they say ; and afterward shall thine hands be strengthened to go down unto the host .
7 : 17 And he said unto them , Look on me , and do likewise : and , behold , when I come to the outside of the camp , it shall be that , as I do , so shall ye do .
8 : 23 And Gideon said unto them , I will not rule over you , neither shall my son rule over you : the LORD shall rule over you .
9 : 32 Now therefore up by night , thou and the people that is with thee , and lie in wait in the field : 9 : 33 And it shall be , that in the morning , as soon as the sun is up , thou shalt rise early , and set upon the city : and , behold , when he and the people that is with him come out against thee , then mayest thou do to them as thou shalt find occasion .
he shall be head over all the inhabitants of Gilead .
11 : 9 And Jephthah said unto the elders of Gilead , If ye bring me home again to fight against the children of Ammon , and the LORD deliver them before me , shall I be your head ?
So whomsoever the LORD our God shall drive out from before us , them will we possess .
11 : 30 And Jephthah vowed a vow unto the LORD , and said , If thou shalt without fail deliver the children of Ammon into mine hands , 11 : 31 Then it shall be , that whatsoever cometh forth of the doors of my house to meet me , when I return in peace from the children of Ammon , shall surely be the LORD ' s , and I will offer it up for a burnt offering .
13 : 4 Now therefore beware , I pray thee , and drink not wine nor strong drink , and eat not any unclean thing : 13 : 5 For , lo , thou shalt conceive , and bear a son ; and no razor shall come on his head : for the child shall be a Nazarite unto God from the womb : and he shall begin to deliver Israel out of the hand of the Philistines .
13 : 6 Then the woman came and told her husband , saying , A man of God came unto me , and his countenance was like the countenance of an angel of God , very terrible : but I asked him not whence he was , neither told he me his name : 13 : 7 But he said unto me , Behold , thou shalt conceive , and bear a son ; and now drink no wine nor strong drink , neither eat any unclean thing : for the child shall be a Nazarite to God from the womb to the day of his death .
13 : 8 Then Manoah intreated the LORD , and said , O my Lord , let the man of God which thou didst send come again unto us , and teach us what we shall do unto the child that shall be born .
How shall we order the child , and how shall we do unto him ?
13 : 15 And Manoah said unto the angel of the LORD , I pray thee , let us detain thee , until we shall have made ready a kid for thee .
13 : 22 And Manoah said unto his wife , We shall surely die , because we have seen God .
14 : 12 And Samson said unto them , I will now put forth a riddle unto you : if ye can certainly declare it me within the seven days of the feast , and find it out , then I will give you thirty sheets and thirty change of garments : 14 : 13 But if ye cannot declare it me , then shall ye give me thirty sheets and thirty change of garments .
And he said unto her , Behold , I have not told it my father nor my mother , and shall I tell it thee ?
15 : 3 And Samson said concerning them , Now shall I be more blameless than the Philistines , though I do them a displeasure .
15 : 18 And he was sore athirst , and called on the LORD , and said , Thou hast given this great deliverance into the hand of thy servant : and now shall I die for thirst , and fall into the hand of the uncircumcised ?
And they compassed him in , and laid wait for him all night in the gate of the city , and were quiet all the night , saying , In the morning , when it is day , we shall kill him .
16 : 7 And Samson said unto her , If they bind me with seven green withs that were never dried , then shall I be weak , and be as another man .
16 : 11 And he said unto her , If they bind me fast with new ropes that never were occupied , then shall I be weak , and be as another man .
16 : 16 And it came to pass , when she pressed him daily with her words , and urged him , so that his soul was vexed unto death ; 16 : 17 That he told her all his heart , and said unto her , There hath not come a razor upon mine head ; for I have been a Nazarite unto God from my mother ' s womb : if I be shaven , then my strength will go from me , and I shall become weak , and be like any other man .
18 : 5 And they said unto him , Ask counsel , we pray thee , of God , that we may know whether our way which we go shall be prosperous .
18 : 10 When ye go , ye shall come unto a people secure , and to a large land : for God hath given it into your hands ; a place where there is no want of any thing that is in the earth .
20 : 9 But now this shall be the thing which we will do to Gibeah ; we will go up by lot against it ; 20 : 10 And we will take ten men of an hundred throughout all the tribes of Israel , and an hundred of a thousand , and a thousand out of ten thousand , to fetch victual for the people , that they may do , when they come to Gibeah of Benjamin , according to all the folly that they have wrought in Israel .
20 : 18 And the children of Israel arose , and went up to the house of God , and asked counsel of God , and said , Which of us shall go up first to the battle against the children of Benjamin ?
And the LORD said , Judah shall go up first .
20 : 23 ( And the children of Israel went up and wept before the LORD until even , and asked counsel of the LORD , saying , Shall I go up again to battle against the children of Benjamin my brother ?
20 : 27 And the children of Israel enquired of the LORD , ( for the ark of the covenant of God was there in those days , 20 : 28 And Phinehas , the son of Eleazar , the son of Aaron , stood before it in those days ,) saying , Shall I yet again go out to battle against the children of Benjamin my brother , or shall I cease ?
21 : 1 Now the men of Israel had sworn in Mizpeh , saying , There shall not any of us give his daughter unto Benjamin to wife .
For they had made a great oath concerning him that came not up to the LORD to Mizpeh , saying , He shall surely be put to death .
21 : 7 How shall we do for wives for them that remain , seeing we have sworn by the LORD that we will not give them of our daughters to wives ?
21 : 11 And this is the thing that ye shall do , Ye shall utterly destroy every male , and every woman that hath lain by man .
21 : 16 Then the elders of the congregation said , How shall we do for wives for them that remain , seeing the women are destroyed out of Benjamin ?
21 : 22 And it shall be , when their fathers or their brethren come unto us to complain , that we will say unto them , Be favourable unto them for our sakes : because we reserved not to each man his wife in the war : for ye did not give unto them at this time , that ye should be guilty .
1 : 16 And Ruth said , Intreat me not to leave thee , or to return from following after thee : for whither thou goest , I will go ; and where thou lodgest , I will lodge : thy people shall be my people , and thy God my God : 1 : 17 Where thou diest , will I die , and there will I be buried : the LORD do so to me , and more also , if ought but death part thee and me .
2 : 2 And Ruth the Moabitess said unto Naomi , Let me now go to the field , and glean ears of corn after him in whose sight I shall find grace .
Go not to glean in another field , neither go from hence , but abide here fast by my maidens : 2 : 9 Let thine eyes be on the field that they do reap , and go thou after them : have I not charged the young men that they shall not touch thee ?
3 : 1 Then Naomi her mother in law said unto her , My daughter , shall I not seek rest for thee , that it may be well with thee ?
3 : 3 Wash thyself therefore , and anoint thee , and put thy raiment upon thee , and get thee down to the floor : but make not thyself known unto the man , until he shall have done eating and drinking .
3 : 4 And it shall be , when he lieth down , that thou shalt mark the place where he shall lie , and thou shalt go in , and uncover his feet , and lay thee down ; and he will tell thee what thou shalt do .
3 : 13 Tarry this night , and it shall be in the morning , that if he will perform unto thee the part of a kinsman , well ; let him do the kinsman ' s part : but if he will not do the part of a kinsman to thee , then will I do the part of a kinsman to thee , as the LORD liveth : lie down until the morning .
The LORD make the woman that is come into thine house like Rachel and like Leah , which two did build the house of Israel : and do thou worthily in Ephratah , and be famous in Bethlehem : 4 : 12 And let thy house be like the house of Pharez , whom Tamar bare unto Judah , of the seed which the LORD shall give thee of this young woman .
4 : 15 And he shall be unto thee a restorer of thy life , and a nourisher of thine old age : for thy daughter in law , which loveth thee , which is better to thee than seven sons , hath born him .
1 : 11 And she vowed a vow , and said , O LORD of hosts , if thou wilt indeed look on the affliction of thine handmaid , and remember me , and not forget thine handmaid , but wilt give unto thine handmaid a man child , then I will give him unto the LORD all the days of his life , and there shall no razor come upon his head .
1 : 27 For this child I prayed ; and the LORD hath given me my petition which I asked of him : 1 : 28 Therefore also I have lent him to the LORD ; as long as he liveth he shall be lent to the LORD .
2 : 9 He will keep the feet of his saints , and the wicked shall be silent in darkness ; for by strength shall no man prevail .
2 : 10 The adversaries of the LORD shall be broken to pieces ; out of heaven shall he thunder upon them : the LORD shall judge the ends of the earth ; and he shall give strength unto his king , and exalt the horn of his anointed .
2 : 25 If one man sin against another , the judge shall judge him : but if a man sin against the LORD , who shall intreat for him ?
2 : 30 Wherefore the LORD God of Israel saith , I said indeed that thy house , and the house of thy father , should walk before me for ever : but now the LORD saith , Be it far from me ; for them that honour me I will honour , and they that despise me shall be lightly esteemed .
2 : 31 Behold , the days come , that I will cut off thine arm , and the arm of thy father ' s house , that there shall not be an old man in thine house .
2 : 32 And thou shalt see an enemy in my habitation , in all the wealth which God shall give Israel : and there shall not be an old man in thine house for ever .
2 : 33 And the man of thine , whom I shall not cut off from mine altar , shall be to consume thine eyes , and to grieve thine heart : and all the increase of thine house shall die in the flower of their age .
2 : 34 And this shall be a sign unto thee , that shall come upon thy two sons , on Hophni and Phinehas ; in one day they shall die both of them .
2 : 35 And I will raise me up a faithful priest , that shall do according to that which is in mine heart and in my mind : and I will build him a sure house ; and he shall walk before mine anointed for ever .
2 : 36 And it shall come to pass , that every one that is left in thine house shall come and crouch to him for a piece of silver and a morsel of bread , and shall say , Put me , I pray thee , into one of the priests ' offices , that I may eat a piece of bread .
3 : 9 Therefore Eli said unto Samuel , Go , lie down : and it shall be , if he call thee , that thou shalt say , Speak , LORD ; for thy servant heareth .
3 : 11 And the LORD said to Samuel , Behold , I will do a thing in Israel , at which both the ears of every one that heareth it shall tingle .
3 : 14 And therefore I have sworn unto the house of Eli , that the iniquity of Eli ' s house shall not be purged with sacrifice nor offering for ever .
who shall deliver us out of the hand of these mighty Gods ?
5 : 7 And when the men of Ashdod saw that it was so , they said , The ark of the God of Israel shall not abide with us : for his hand is sore upon us , and upon Dagon our god .
5 : 8 They sent therefore and gathered all the lords of the Philistines unto them , and said , What shall we do with the ark of the God of Israel ?
6 : 2 And the Philistines called for the priests and the diviners , saying , What shall we do to the ark of the LORD ?
tell us wherewith we shall send it to his place .
6 : 3 And they said , If ye send away the ark of the God of Israel , send it not empty ; but in any wise return him a trespass offering : then ye shall be healed , and it shall be known to you why his hand is not removed from you .
6 : 4 Then said they , What shall be the trespass offering which we shall return to him ?
6 : 5 Wherefore ye shall make images of your emerods , and images of your mice that mar the land ; and ye shall give glory unto the God of Israel : peradventure he will lighten his hand from off you , and from off your gods , and from off your land .
6 : 9 And see , if it goeth up by the way of his own coast to Bethshemesh , then he hath done us this great evil : but if not , then we shall know that it is not his hand that smote us : it was a chance that happened to us .
and to whom shall he go up from us ?
8 : 9 Now therefore hearken unto their voice : howbeit yet protest solemnly unto them , and shew them the manner of the king that shall reign over them .
8 : 11 And he said , This will be the manner of the king that shall reign over you : He will take your sons , and appoint them for himself , for his chariots , and to be his horsemen ; and some shall run before his chariots .
8 : 17 He will take the tenth of your sheep : and ye shall be his servants .
8 : 18 And ye shall cry out in that day because of your king which ye shall have chosen you ; and the LORD will not hear you in that day .
9 : 7 Then said Saul to his servant , But , behold , if we go , what shall we bring the man ?
9 : 12 And they answered them , and said , He is ; behold , he is before you : make haste now , for he came to day to the city ; for there is a sacrifice of the people to day in the high place : 9 : 13 As soon as ye be come into the city , ye shall straightway find him , before he go up to the high place to eat : for the people will not eat until he come , because he doth bless the sacrifice ; and afterwards they eat that be bidden .
Now therefore get you up ; for about this time ye shall find him .
this same shall reign over my people .
9 : 19 And Samuel answered Saul , and said , I am the seer : go up before me unto the high place ; for ye shall eat with me to day , and to morrow I will let thee go , and will tell thee all that is in thine heart .
10 : 2 When thou art departed from me to day , then thou shalt find two men by Rachel ' s sepulchre in the border of Benjamin at Zelzah ; and they will say unto thee , The asses which thou wentest to seek are found : and , lo , thy father hath left the care of the asses , and sorroweth for you , saying , What shall I do for my son ?
10 : 3 Then shalt thou go on forward from thence , and thou shalt come to the plain of Tabor , and there shall meet thee three men going up to God to Bethel , one carrying three kids , and another carrying three loaves of bread , and another carrying a bottle of wine : 10 : 4 And they will salute thee , and give thee two loaves of bread ; which thou shalt receive of their hands .
10 : 5 After that thou shalt come to the hill of God , where is the garrison of the Philistines : and it shall come to pass , when thou art come thither to the city , that thou shalt meet a company of prophets coming down from the high place with a psaltery , and a tabret , and a pipe , and a harp , before them ; and they shall prophesy : 10 : 6 And the Spirit of the LORD will come upon thee , and thou shalt prophesy with them , and shalt be turned into another man .
10 : 27 But the children of Belial said , How shall this man save us ?
11 : 7 And he took a yoke of oxen , and hewed them in pieces , and sent them throughout all the coasts of Israel by the hands of messengers , saying , Whosoever cometh not forth after Saul and after Samuel , so shall it be done unto his oxen .
11 : 9 And they said unto the messengers that came , Thus shall ye say unto the men of Jabeshgilead , To morrow , by that time the sun be hot , ye shall have help .
11 : 10 Therefore the men of Jabesh said , To morrow we will come out unto you , and ye shall do with us all that seemeth good unto you .
11 : 12 And the people said unto Samuel , Who is he that said , Shall Saul reign over us ?
11 : 13 And Saul said , There shall not a man be put to death this day : for to day the LORD hath wrought salvation in Israel .
12 : 12 And when ye saw that Nahash the king of the children of Ammon came against you , ye said unto me , Nay ; but a king shall reign over us : when the LORD your God was your king .
12 : 14 If ye will fear the LORD , and serve him , and obey his voice , and not rebel against the commandment of the LORD , then shall both ye and also the king that reigneth over you continue following the LORD your God : 12 : 15 But if ye will not obey the voice of the LORD , but rebel against the commandment of the LORD , then shall the hand of the LORD be against you , as it was against your fathers .
I will call unto the LORD , and he shall send thunder and rain ; that ye may perceive and see that your wickedness is great , which ye have done in the sight of the LORD , in asking you a king .
12 : 25 But if ye shall still do wickedly , ye shall be consumed , both ye and your king .
13 : 14 But now thy kingdom shall not continue : the LORD hath sought him a man after his own heart , and the LORD hath commanded him to be captain over his people , because thou hast not kept that which the LORD commanded thee .
14 : 10 But if they say thus , Come up unto us ; then we will go up : for the LORD hath delivered them into our hand : and this shall be a sign unto us .
14 : 37 And Saul asked counsel of God , Shall I go down after the Philistines ?
14 : 39 For , as the LORD liveth , which saveth Israel , though it be in Jonathan my son , he shall surely die .
14 : 45 And the people said unto Saul , Shall Jonathan die , who hath wrought this great salvation in Israel ?
God forbid : as the LORD liveth , there shall not one hair of his head fall to the ground ; for he hath wrought with God this day .
15 : 33 And Samuel said , As the sword hath made women childless , so shall thy mother be childless among women .
16 : 16 Let our lord now command thy servants , which are before thee , to seek out a man , who is a cunning player on an harp : and it shall come to pass , when the evil spirit from God is upon thee , that he shall play with his hand , and thou shalt be well .
17 : 9 If he be able to fight with me , and to kill me , then will we be your servants : but if I prevail against him , and kill him , then shall ye be our servants , and serve us .
surely to defy Israel is he come up : and it shall be , that the man who killeth him , the king will enrich him with great riches , and will give him his daughter , and make his father ' s house free in Israel .
17 : 26 And David spake to the men that stood by him , saying , What shall be done to the man that killeth this Philistine , and taketh away the reproach from Israel ?
17 : 27 And the people answered him after this manner , saying , So shall it be done to the man that killeth him .
17 : 36 Thy servant slew both the lion and the bear : and this uncircumcised Philistine shall be as one of them , seeing he hath defied the armies of the living God .
17 : 47 And all this assembly shall know that the LORD saveth not with sword and spear : for the battle is the LORD ' s , and he will give you into our hands .
18 : 25 And Saul said , Thus shall ye say to David , The king desireth not any dowry , but an hundred foreskins of the Philistines , to be avenged of the king ' s enemies .
19 : 6 And Saul hearkened unto the voice of Jonathan : and Saul sware , As the LORD liveth , he shall not be slain .
20 : 7 If he say thus , It is well ; thy servant shall have peace : but if he be very wroth , then be sure that evil is determined by him .
20 : 10 Then said David to Jonathan , Who shall tell me ?
Wherefore now send and fetch him unto me , for he shall surely die .
20 : 32 And Jonathan answered Saul his father , and said unto him , Wherefore shall he be slain ?
shall this fellow come into my house ?
23 : 2 Therefore David enquired of the LORD , saying , Shall I go and smite these Philistines ?
23 : 17 And he said unto him , Fear not : for the hand of Saul my father shall not find thee ; and thou shalt be king over Israel , and I shall be next unto thee ; and that also Saul my father knoweth .
23 : 20 Now therefore , O king , come down according to all the desire of thy soul to come down ; and our part shall be to deliver him into the king ' s hand .
23 : 23 See therefore , and take knowledge of all the lurking places where he hideth himself , and come ye again to me with the certainty , and I will go with you : and it shall come to pass , if he be in the land , that I will search him out throughout all the thousands of Judah .
24 : 4 And the men of David said unto him , Behold the day of which the LORD said unto thee , Behold , I will deliver thine enemy into thine hand , that thou mayest do to him as it shall seem good unto thee .
24 : 12 The LORD judge between me and thee , and the LORD avenge me of thee : but mine hand shall not be upon thee .
24 : 13 As saith the proverb of the ancients , Wickedness proceedeth from the wicked : but mine hand shall not be upon thee .
24 : 20 And now , behold , I know well that thou shalt surely be king , and that the kingdom of Israel shall be established in thine hand .
25 : 5 And David sent out ten young men , and David said unto the young men , Get you up to Carmel , and go to Nabal , and greet him in my name : 25 : 6 And thus shall ye say to him that liveth in prosperity , Peace be both to thee , and peace be to thine house , and peace be unto all that thou hast .
25 : 11 Shall I then take my bread , and my water , and my flesh that I have killed for my shearers , and give it unto men , whom I know not whence they be ?
25 : 29 Yet a man is risen to pursue thee , and to seek thy soul : but the soul of my lord shall be bound in the bundle of life with the LORD thy God ; and the souls of thine enemies , them shall he sling out , as out of the middle of a sling .
25 : 30 And it shall come to pass , when the LORD shall have done to my lord according to all the good that he hath spoken concerning thee , and shall have appointed thee ruler over Israel ; 25 : 31 That this shall be no grief unto thee , nor offence of heart unto my lord , either that thou hast shed blood causeless , or that my lord hath avenged himself : but when the LORD shall have dealt well with my lord , then remember thine handmaid .
26 : 10 David said furthermore , As the LORD liveth , the LORD shall smite him ; or his day shall come to die ; or he shall descend into battle , and perish .
27 : 1 And David said in his heart , I shall now perish one day by the hand of Saul : there is nothing better for me than that I should speedily escape into the land of the Philistines ; and Saul shall despair of me , to seek me any more in any coast of Israel : so shall I escape out of his hand .
27 : 12 And Achish believed David , saying , He hath made his people Israel utterly to abhor him ; therefore he shall be my servant for ever .
28 : 8 And Saul disguised himself , and put on other raiment , and he went , and two men with him , and they came to the woman by night : and he said , I pray thee , divine unto me by the familiar spirit , and bring me him up , whom I shall name unto thee .
28 : 10 And Saul sware to her by the LORD , saying , As the LORD liveth , there shall no punishment happen to thee for this thing .
28 : 11 Then said the woman , Whom shall I bring up unto thee ?
And Saul answered , I am sore distressed ; for the Philistines make war against me , and God is departed from me , and answereth me no more , neither by prophets , nor by dreams : therefore I have called thee , that thou mayest make known unto me what I shall do .
28 : 19 Moreover the LORD will also deliver Israel with thee into the hand of the Philistines : and to morrow shalt thou and thy sons be with me : the LORD also shall deliver the host of Israel into the hand of the Philistines .
29 : 9 And Achish answered and said to David , I know that thou art good in my sight , as an angel of God : notwithstanding the princes of the Philistines have said , He shall not go up with us to the battle .
30 : 8 And David enquired at the LORD , saying , Shall I pursue after this troop ?
shall I overtake them ?
30 : 23 Then said David , Ye shall not do so , my brethren , with that which the LORD hath given us , who hath preserved us , and delivered the company that came against us into our hand .
but as his part is that goeth down to the battle , so shall his part be that tarrieth by the stuff : they shall part alike .
2 : 1 And it came to pass after this , that David enquired of the LORD , saying , Shall I go up into any of the cities of Judah ?
And David said , Whither shall I go up ?
2 : 26 Then Abner called to Joab , and said , Shall the sword devour for ever ?
how long shall it be then , ere thou bid the people return from following their brethren ?
saying also , Make thy league with me , and , behold , my hand shall be with thee , to bring about all Israel unto thee .
3 : 39 And I am this day weak , though anointed king ; and these men the sons of Zeruiah be too hard for me : the LORD shall reward the doer of evil according to his wickedness .
shall I not therefore now require his blood of your hand , and take you away from the earth ?
5 : 8 And David said on that day , Whosoever getteth up to the gutter , and smiteth the Jebusites , and the lame and the blind that are hated of David ' s soul , he shall be chief and captain .
Wherefore they said , The blind and the lame shall not come into the house .
5 : 19 And David enquired of the LORD , saying , Shall I go up to the Philistines ?
5 : 24 And let it be , when thou hearest the sound of a going in the tops of the mulberry trees , that then thou shalt bestir thyself : for then shall the LORD go out before thee , to smite the host of the Philistines .
6 : 9 And David was afraid of the LORD that day , and said , How shall the ark of the LORD come to me ?
6 : 22 And I will yet be more vile than thus , and will be base in mine own sight : and of the maidservants which thou hast spoken of , of them shall I be had in honour .
7 : 10 Moreover I will appoint a place for my people Israel , and will plant them , that they may dwell in a place of their own , and move no more ; neither shall the children of wickedness afflict them any more , as beforetime , 7 : 11 And as since the time that I commanded judges to be over my people Israel , and have caused thee to rest from all thine enemies .
7 : 12 And when thy days be fulfilled , and thou shalt sleep with thy fathers , I will set up thy seed after thee , which shall proceed out of thy bowels , and I will establish his kingdom .
7 : 13 He shall build an house for my name , and I will stablish the throne of his kingdom for ever .
7 : 14 I will be his father , and he shall be my son .
If he commit iniquity , I will chasten him with the rod of men , and with the stripes of the children of men : 7 : 15 But my mercy shall not depart away from him , as I took it from Saul , whom I put away before thee .
7 : 16 And thine house and thy kingdom shall be established for ever before thee : thy throne shall be established for ever .
9 : 10 Thou therefore , and thy sons , and thy servants , shall till the land for him , and thou shalt bring in the fruits , that thy master ' s son may have food to eat : but Mephibosheth thy master ' s son shall eat bread alway at my table .
9 : 11 Then said Ziba unto the king , According to all that my lord the king hath commanded his servant , so shall thy servant do .
As for Mephibosheth , said the king , he shall eat at my table , as one of the king ' s sons .
11 : 11 And Uriah said unto David , The ark , and Israel , and Judah , abide in tents ; and my lord Joab , and the servants of my lord , are encamped in the open fields ; shall I then go into mine house , to eat and to drink , and to lie with my wife ?
12 : 5 And David ' s anger was greatly kindled against the man ; and he said to Nathan , As the LORD liveth , the man that hath done this thing shall surely die : 12 : 6 And he shall restore the lamb fourfold , because he did this thing , and because he had no pity .
12 : 10 Now therefore the sword shall never depart from thine house ; because thou hast despised me , and hast taken the wife of Uriah the Hittite to be thy wife .
12 : 11 Thus saith the LORD , Behold , I will raise up evil against thee out of thine own house , and I will take thy wives before thine eyes , and give them unto thy neighbour , and he shall lie with thy wives in the sight of this sun .
12 : 14 Howbeit , because by this deed thou hast given great occasion to the enemies of the LORD to blaspheme , the child also that is born unto thee shall surely die .
I shall go to him , but he shall not return to me .
13 : 13 And I , whither shall I cause my shame to go ?
14 : 7 And , behold , the whole family is risen against thine handmaid , and they said , Deliver him that smote his brother , that we may kill him , for the life of his brother whom he slew ; and we will destroy the heir also : and so they shall quench my coal which is left , and shall not leave to my husband neither name nor remainder upon the earth .
14 : 10 And the king said , Whoever saith ought unto thee , bring him to me , and he shall not touch thee any more .
And he said , As the LORD liveth , there shall not one hair of thy son fall to the earth .
14 : 17 Then thine handmaid said , The word of my lord the king shall now be comfortable : for as an angel of God , so is my lord the king to discern good and bad : therefore the LORD thy God will be with thee .
14 : 18 Then the king answered and said unto the woman , Hide not from me , I pray thee , the thing that I shall ask thee .
15 : 8 For thy servant vowed a vow while I abode at Geshur in Syria , saying , If the LORD shall bring me again indeed to Jerusalem , then I will serve the LORD .
15 : 10 But Absalom sent spies throughout all the tribes of Israel , saying , As soon as ye hear the sound of the trumpet , then ye shall say , Absalom reigneth in Hebron .
15 : 14 And David said unto all his servants that were with him at Jerusalem , Arise , and let us flee ; for we shall not else escape from Absalom : make speed to depart , lest he overtake us suddenly , and bring evil upon us , and smite the city with the edge of the sword .
15 : 15 And the king ' s servants said unto the king , Behold , thy servants are ready to do whatsoever my lord the king shall appoint .
15 : 21 And Ittai answered the king , and said , As the LORD liveth , and as my lord the king liveth , surely in what place my lord the king shall be , whether in death or life , even there also will thy servant be .
15 : 25 And the king said unto Zadok , Carry back the ark of God into the city : if I shall find favour in the eyes of the LORD , he will bring me again , and shew me both it , and his habitation : 15 : 26 But if he thus say , I have no delight in thee ; behold , here am I , let him do to me as seemeth good unto him .
therefore it shall be , that what thing soever thou shalt hear out of the king ' s house , thou shalt tell it to Zadok and Abiathar the priests .
15 : 36 Behold , they have there with them their two sons , Ahimaaz Zadok ' s son , and Jonathan Abiathar ' s son ; and by them ye shall send unto me every thing that ye can hear .
And Ziba said unto the king , Behold , he abideth at Jerusalem : for he said , To day shall the house of Israel restore me the kingdom of my father .
Who shall then say , Wherefore hast thou done so ?
16 : 20 Then said Absalom to Ahithophel , Give counsel among you what we shall do .
16 : 21 And Ahithophel said unto Absalom , Go in unto thy father ' s concubines , which he hath left to keep the house ; and all Israel shall hear that thou art abhorred of thy father : then shall the hands of all that are with thee be strong .
17 : 1 Moreover Ahithophel said unto Absalom , Let me now choose out twelve thousand men , and I will arise and pursue after David this night : 17 : 2 And I will come upon him while he is weary and weak handed , and will make him afraid : and all the people that are with him shall flee ; and I will smite the king only : 17 : 3 And I will bring back all the people unto thee : the man whom thou seekest is as if all returned : so all the people shall be in peace .
17 : 6 And when Hushai was come to Absalom , Absalom spake unto him , saying , Ahithophel hath spoken after this manner : shall we do after his saying ?
17 : 10 And he also that is valiant , whose heart is as the heart of a lion , shall utterly melt : for all Israel knoweth that thy father is a mighty man , and they which be with him are valiant men .
17 : 12 So shall we come upon him in some place where he shall be found , and we will light upon him as the dew falleth on the ground : and of him and of all the men that are with him there shall not be left so much as one .
17 : 13 Moreover , if he be gotten into a city , then shall all Israel bring ropes to that city , and we will draw it into the river , until there be not one small stone found there .
19 : 21 But Abishai the son of Zeruiah answered and said , Shall not Shimei be put to death for this , because he cursed the LORD ' s anointed ?
shall there any man be put to death this day in Israel ?
But behold thy servant Chimham ; let him go over with my lord the king ; and do to him what shall seem good unto thee .
19 : 38 And the king answered , Chimham shall go over with me , and I will do to him that which shall seem good unto thee : and whatsoever thou shalt require of me , that will I do for thee .
20 : 6 And David said to Abishai , Now shall Sheba the son of Bichri do us more harm than did Absalom : take thou thy lord ' s servants , and pursue after him , lest he get him fenced cities , and escape us .
20 : 18 Then she spake , saying , They were wont to speak in old time , saying , They shall surely ask counsel at Abel : and so they ended the matter .
And the woman said unto Joab , Behold , his head shall be thrown to thee over the wall .
21 : 3 Wherefore David said unto the Gibeonites , What shall I do for you ?
and wherewith shall I make the atonement , that ye may bless the inheritance of the LORD ?
And he said , What ye shall say , that will I do for you .
22 : 4 I will call on the LORD , who is worthy to be praised : so shall I be saved from mine enemies .
22 : 44 Thou also hast delivered me from the strivings of my people , thou hast kept me to be head of the heathen : a people which I knew not shall serve me .
22 : 45 Strangers shall submit themselves unto me : as soon as they hear , they shall be obedient unto me .
22 : 46 Strangers shall fade away , and they shall be afraid out of their close places .
23 : 4 And he shall be as the light of the morning , when the sun riseth , even a morning without clouds ; as the tender grass springing out of the earth by clear shining after rain .
23 : 6 But the sons of Belial shall be all of them as thorns thrust away , because they cannot be taken with hands : 23 : 7 But the man that shall touch them must be fenced with iron and the staff of a spear ; and they shall be utterly burned with fire in the same place .
24 : 13 So Gad came to David , and told him , and said unto him , Shall seven years of famine come unto thee in thy land ?
now advise , and see what answer I shall return to him that sent me .
1 : 13 Go and get thee in unto king David , and say unto him , Didst not thou , my lord , O king , swear unto thine handmaid , saying , Assuredly Solomon thy son shall reign after me , and he shall sit upon my throne ?
1 : 17 And she said unto him , My lord , thou swarest by the LORD thy God unto thine handmaid , saying , Assuredly Solomon thy son shall reign after me , and he shall sit upon my throne .
1 : 20 And thou , my lord , O king , the eyes of all Israel are upon thee , that thou shouldest tell them who shall sit on the throne of my lord the king after him .
1 : 21 Otherwise it shall come to pass , when my lord the king shall sleep with his fathers , that I and my son Solomon shall be counted offenders .
1 : 24 And Nathan said , My lord , O king , hast thou said , Adonijah shall reign after me , and he shall sit upon my throne ?
1 : 29 And the king sware , and said , As the LORD liveth , that hath redeemed my soul out of all distress , 1 : 30 Even as I sware unto thee by the LORD God of Israel , saying , Assuredly Solomon thy son shall reign after me , and he shall sit upon my throne in my stead ; even so will I certainly do this day .
1 : 35 Then ye shall come up after him , that he may come and sit upon my throne ; for he shall be king in my stead : and I have appointed him to be ruler over Israel and over Judah .
1 : 52 And Solomon said , If he will shew himself a worthy man , there shall not an hair of him fall to the earth : but if wickedness shall be found in him , he shall die .
2 : 1 Now the days of David drew nigh that he should die ; and he charged Solomon his son , saying , 2 : 2 I go the way of all the earth : be thou strong therefore , and shew thyself a man ; 2 : 3 And keep the charge of the LORD thy God , to walk in his ways , to keep his statutes , and his commandments , and his judgments , and his testimonies , as it is written in the law of Moses , that thou mayest prosper in all that thou doest , and whithersoever thou turnest thyself : 2 : 4 That the LORD may continue his word which he spake concerning me , saying , If thy children take heed to their way , to walk before me in truth with all their heart and with all their soul , there shall not fail thee ( said he ) a man on the throne of Israel .
2 : 24 Now therefore , as the LORD liveth , which hath established me , and set me on the throne of David my father , and who hath made me an house , as he promised , Adonijah shall be put to death this day .
2 : 32 And the LORD shall return his blood upon his own head , who fell upon two men more righteous and better than he , and slew them with the sword , my father David not knowing thereof , to wit , Abner the son of Ner , captain of the host of Israel , and Amasa the son of Jether , captain of the host of Judah .
2 : 33 Their blood shall therefore return upon the head of Joab , and upon the head of his seed for ever : but upon David , and upon his seed , and upon his house , and upon his throne , shall there be peace for ever from the LORD .
2 : 37 For it shall be , that on the day thou goest out , and passest over the brook Kidron , thou shalt know for certain that thou shalt surely die : thy blood shall be upon thine own head .
2 : 44 The king said moreover to Shimei , Thou knowest all the wickedness which thine heart is privy to , that thou didst to David my father : therefore the LORD shall return thy wickedness upon thine own head ; 2 : 45 And king Solomon shall be blessed , and the throne of David shall be established before the LORD for ever .
3 : 5 In Gibeon the LORD appeared to Solomon in a dream by night : and God said , Ask what I shall give thee .
3 : 11 And God said unto him , Because thou hast asked this thing , and hast not asked for thyself long life ; neither hast asked riches for thyself , nor hast asked the life of thine enemies ; but hast asked for thyself understanding to discern judgment ; 3 : 12 Behold , I have done according to thy words : lo , I have given thee a wise and an understanding heart ; so that there was none like thee before thee , neither after thee shall any arise like unto thee .
3 : 13 And I have also given thee that which thou hast not asked , both riches , and honour : so that there shall not be any among the kings like unto thee all thy days .
5 : 5 And , behold , I purpose to build an house unto the name of the LORD my God , as the LORD spake unto David my father , saying , Thy son , whom I will set upon thy throne in thy room , he shall build an house unto my name .
5 : 6 Now therefore command thou that they hew me cedar trees out of Lebanon ; and my servants shall be with thy servants : and unto thee will I give hire for thy servants according to all that thou shalt appoint : for thou knowest that there is not among us any that can skill to hew timber like unto the Sidonians .
5 : 9 My servants shall bring them down from Lebanon unto the sea : and I will convey them by sea in floats unto the place that thou shalt appoint me , and will cause them to be discharged there , and thou shalt receive them : and thou shalt accomplish my desire , in giving food for my household .
8 : 19 Nevertheless thou shalt not build the house ; but thy son that shall come forth out of thy loins , he shall build the house unto my name .
8 : 25 Therefore now , LORD God of Israel , keep with thy servant David my father that thou promisedst him , saying , There shall not fail thee a man in my sight to sit on the throne of Israel ; so that thy children take heed to their way , that they walk before me as thou hast walked before me .
8 : 28 Yet have thou respect unto the prayer of thy servant , and to his supplication , O LORD my God , to hearken unto the cry and to the prayer , which thy servant prayeth before thee to day : 8 : 29 That thine eyes may be open toward this house night and day , even toward the place of which thou hast said , My name shall be there : that thou mayest hearken unto the prayer which thy servant shall make toward this place .
8 : 30 And hearken thou to the supplication of thy servant , and of thy people Israel , when they shall pray toward this place : and hear thou in heaven thy dwelling place : and when thou hearest , forgive .
8 : 33 When thy people Israel be smitten down before the enemy , because they have sinned against thee , and shall turn again to thee , and confess thy name , and pray , and make supplication unto thee in this house : 8 : 34 Then hear thou in heaven , and forgive the sin of thy people Israel , and bring them again unto the land which thou gavest unto their fathers .
8 : 37 If there be in the land famine , if there be pestilence , blasting , mildew , locust , or if there be caterpiller ; if their enemy besiege them in the land of their cities ; whatsoever plague , whatsoever sickness there be ; 8 : 38 What prayer and supplication soever be made by any man , or by all thy people Israel , which shall know every man the plague of his own heart , and spread forth his hands toward this house : 8 : 39 Then hear thou in heaven thy dwelling place , and forgive , and do , and give to every man according to his ways , whose heart thou knowest ; ( for thou , even thou only , knowest the hearts of all the children of men ;) 8 : 40 That they may fear thee all the days that they live in the land which thou gavest unto our fathers .
8 : 41 Moreover concerning a stranger , that is not of thy people Israel , but cometh out of a far country for thy name ' s sake ; 8 : 42 ( For they shall hear of thy great name , and of thy strong hand , and of thy stretched out arm ;) when he shall come and pray toward this house ; 8 : 43 Hear thou in heaven thy dwelling place , and do according to all that the stranger calleth to thee for : that all people of the earth may know thy name , to fear thee , as do thy people Israel ; and that they may know that this house , which I have builded , is called by thy name .
8 : 44 If thy people go out to battle against their enemy , whithersoever thou shalt send them , and shall pray unto the LORD toward the city which thou hast chosen , and toward the house that I have built for thy name : 8 : 45 Then hear thou in heaven their prayer and their supplication , and maintain their cause .
8 : 46 If they sin against thee , ( for there is no man that sinneth not ,) and thou be angry with them , and deliver them to the enemy , so that they carry them away captives unto the land of the enemy , far or near ; 8 : 47 Yet if they shall bethink themselves in the land whither they were carried captives , and repent , and make supplication unto thee in the land of them that carried them captives , saying , We have sinned , and have done perversely , we have committed wickedness ; 8 : 48 And so return unto thee with all their heart , and with all their soul , in the land of their enemies , which led them away captive , and pray unto thee toward their land , which thou gavest unto their fathers , the city which thou hast chosen , and the house which I have built for thy name : 8 : 49 Then hear thou their prayer and their supplication in heaven thy dwelling place , and maintain their cause , 8 : 50 And forgive thy people that have sinned against thee , and all their transgressions wherein they have transgressed against thee , and give them compassion before them who carried them captive , that they may have compassion on them : 8 : 51 For they be thy people , and thine inheritance , which thou broughtest forth out of Egypt , from the midst of the furnace of iron : 8 : 52 That thine eyes may be open unto the supplication of thy servant , and unto the supplication of thy people Israel , to hearken unto them in all that they call for unto thee .
8 : 59 And let these my words , wherewith I have made supplication before the LORD , be nigh unto the LORD our God day and night , that he maintain the cause of his servant , and the cause of his people Israel at all times , as the matter shall require : 8 : 60 That all the people of the earth may know that the LORD is God , and that there is none else .
9 : 3 And the LORD said unto him , I have heard thy prayer and thy supplication , that thou hast made before me : I have hallowed this house , which thou hast built , to put my name there for ever ; and mine eyes and mine heart shall be there perpetually .
9 : 4 And if thou wilt walk before me , as David thy father walked , in integrity of heart , and in uprightness , to do according to all that I have commanded thee , and wilt keep my statutes and my judgments : 9 : 5 Then I will establish the throne of thy kingdom upon Israel for ever , as I promised to David thy father , saying , There shall not fail thee a man upon the throne of Israel .
9 : 6 But if ye shall at all turn from following me , ye or your children , and will not keep my commandments and my statutes which I have set before you , but go and serve other gods , and worship them : 9 : 7 Then will I cut off Israel out of the land which I have given them ; and this house , which I have hallowed for my name , will I cast out of my sight ; and Israel shall be a proverb and a byword among all people : 9 : 8 And at this house , which is high , every one that passeth by it shall be astonished , and shall hiss ; and they shall say , Why hath the LORD done thus unto this land , and to this house ?
9 : 9 And they shall answer , Because they forsook the LORD their God , who brought forth their fathers out of the land of Egypt , and have taken hold upon other gods , and have worshipped them , and served them : therefore hath the LORD brought upon them all this evil .
11 : 1 But king Solomon loved many strange women , together with the daughter of Pharaoh , women of the Moabites , Ammonites , Edomites , Zidonians , and Hittites : 11 : 2 Of the nations concerning which the LORD said unto the children of Israel , Ye shall not go in to them , neither shall they come in unto you : for surely they will turn away your heart after their gods : Solomon clave unto these in love .
11 : 29 And it came to pass at that time when Jeroboam went out of Jerusalem , that the prophet Ahijah the Shilonite found him in the way ; and he had clad himself with a new garment ; and they two were alone in the field : 11 : 30 And Ahijah caught the new garment that was on him , and rent it in twelve pieces : 11 : 31 And he said to Jeroboam , Take thee ten pieces : for thus saith the LORD , the God of Israel , Behold , I will rend the kingdom out of the hand of Solomon , and will give ten tribes to thee : 11 : 32 ( But he shall have one tribe for my servant David ' s sake , and for Jerusalem ' s sake , the city which I have chosen out of all the tribes of Israel :) 11 : 33 Because that they have forsaken me , and have worshipped Ashtoreth the goddess of the Zidonians , Chemosh the god of the Moabites , and Milcom the god of the children of Ammon , and have not walked in my ways , to do that which is right in mine eyes , and to keep my statutes and my judgments , as did David his father .
11 : 38 And it shall be , if thou wilt hearken unto all that I command thee , and wilt walk in my ways , and do that is right in my sight , to keep my statutes and my commandments , as David my servant did ; that I will be with thee , and build thee a sure house , as I built for David , and will give Israel unto thee .
12 : 10 And the young men that were grown up with him spake unto him , saying , Thus shalt thou speak unto this people that spake unto thee , saying , Thy father made our yoke heavy , but make thou it lighter unto us ; thus shalt thou say unto them , My little finger shall be thicker than my father ' s loins .
12 : 22 But the word of God came unto Shemaiah the man of God , saying , 12 : 23 Speak unto Rehoboam , the son of Solomon , king of Judah , and unto all the house of Judah and Benjamin , and to the remnant of the people , saying , 12 : 24 Thus saith the LORD , Ye shall not go up , nor fight against your brethren the children of Israel : return every man to his house ; for this thing is from me .
12 : 26 And Jeroboam said in his heart , Now shall the kingdom return to the house of David : 12 : 27 If this people go up to do sacrifice in the house of the LORD at Jerusalem , then shall the heart of this people turn again unto their lord , even unto Rehoboam king of Judah , and they shall kill me , and go again to Rehoboam king of Judah .
13 : 2 And he cried against the altar in the word of the LORD , and said , O altar , altar , thus saith the LORD ; Behold , a child shall be born unto the house of David , Josiah by name ; and upon thee shall he offer the priests of the high places that burn incense upon thee , and men ' s bones shall be burnt upon thee .
13 : 3 And he gave a sign the same day , saying , This is the sign which the LORD hath spoken ; Behold , the altar shall be rent , and the ashes that are upon it shall be poured out .
13 : 20 And it came to pass , as they sat at the table , that the word of the LORD came unto the prophet that brought him back : 13 : 21 And he cried unto the man of God that came from Judah , saying , Thus saith the LORD , Forasmuch as thou hast disobeyed the mouth of the LORD , and hast not kept the commandment which the LORD thy God commanded thee , 13 : 22 But camest back , and hast eaten bread and drunk water in the place , of the which the Lord did say to thee , Eat no bread , and drink no water ; thy carcase shall not come unto the sepulchre of thy fathers .
13 : 31 And it came to pass , after he had buried him , that he spake to his sons , saying , When I am dead , then bury me in the sepulchre wherein the man of God is buried ; lay my bones beside his bones : 13 : 32 For the saying which he cried by the word of the LORD against the altar in Bethel , and against all the houses of the high places which are in the cities of Samaria , shall surely come to pass .
14 : 3 And take with thee ten loaves , and cracknels , and a cruse of honey , and go to him : he shall tell thee what shall become of the child .
14 : 5 And the LORD said unto Ahijah , Behold , the wife of Jeroboam cometh to ask a thing of thee for her son ; for he is sick : thus and thus shalt thou say unto her : for it shall be , when she cometh in , that she shall feign herself to be another woman .
14 : 11 Him that dieth of Jeroboam in the city shall the dogs eat ; and him that dieth in the field shall the fowls of the air eat : for the LORD hath spoken it .
14 : 12 Arise thou therefore , get thee to thine own house : and when thy feet enter into the city , the child shall die .
14 : 13 And all Israel shall mourn for him , and bury him : for he only of Jeroboam shall come to the grave , because in him there is found some good thing toward the LORD God of Israel in the house of Jeroboam .
14 : 14 Moreover the LORD shall raise him up a king over Israel , who shall cut off the house of Jeroboam that day : but what ?
14 : 15 For the LORD shall smite Israel , as a reed is shaken in the water , and he shall root up Israel out of this good land , which he gave to their fathers , and shall scatter them beyond the river , because they have made their groves , provoking the LORD to anger .
14 : 16 And he shall give Israel up because of the sins of Jeroboam , who did sin , and who made Israel to sin .
16 : 4 Him that dieth of Baasha in the city shall the dogs eat ; and him that dieth of his in the fields shall the fowls of the air eat .
17 : 1 And Elijah the Tishbite , who was of the inhabitants of Gilead , said unto Ahab , As the LORD God of Israel liveth , before whom I stand , there shall not be dew nor rain these years , but according to my word .
17 : 4 And it shall be , that thou shalt drink of the brook ; and I have commanded the ravens to feed thee there .
17 : 14 For thus saith the LORD God of Israel , The barrel of meal shall not waste , neither shall the cruse of oil fail , until the day that the LORD sendeth rain upon the earth .
18 : 12 And it shall come to pass , as soon as I am gone from thee , that the Spirit of the LORD shall carry thee whither I know not ; and so when I come and tell Ahab , and he cannot find thee , he shall slay me : but I thy servant fear the LORD from my youth .
18 : 14 And now thou sayest , Go , tell thy lord , Behold , Elijah is here : and he shall slay me .
18 : 31 And Elijah took twelve stones , according to the number of the tribes of the sons of Jacob , unto whom the word of the LORD came , saying , Israel shall be thy name : 18 : 32 And with the stones he built an altar in the name of the LORD : and he made a trench about the altar , as great as would contain two measures of seed .
19 : 17 And it shall come to pass , that him that escapeth the sword of Hazael shall Jehu slay : and him that escapeth from the sword of Jehu shall Elisha slay .
20 : 5 And the messengers came again , and said , Thus speaketh Benhadad , saying , Although I have sent unto thee , saying , Thou shalt deliver me thy silver , and thy gold , and thy wives , and thy children ; 20 : 6 Yet I will send my servants unto thee to morrow about this time , and they shall search thine house , and the houses of thy servants ; and it shall be , that whatsoever is pleasant in thine eyes , they shall put it in their hand , and take it away .
20 : 10 And Benhadad sent unto him , and said , The gods do so unto me , and more also , if the dust of Samaria shall suffice for handfuls for all the people that follow me .
Then he said , Who shall order the battle ?
20 : 23 And the servants of the king of Syria said unto him , Their gods are gods of the hills ; therefore they were stronger than we ; but let us fight against them in the plain , and surely we shall be stronger than they .
20 : 24 And do this thing , Take the kings away , every man out of his place , and put captains in their rooms : 20 : 25 And number thee an army , like the army that thou hast lost , horse for horse , and chariot for chariot : and we will fight against them in the plain , and surely we shall be stronger than they .
20 : 28 And there came a man of God , and spake unto the king of Israel , and said , Thus saith the LORD , Because the Syrians have said , The LORD is God of the hills , but he is not God of the valleys , therefore will I deliver all this great multitude into thine hand , and ye shall know that I am the LORD .
20 : 36 Then said he unto him , Because thou hast not obeyed the voice of the LORD , behold , as soon as thou art departed from me , a lion shall slay thee .
20 : 39 And as the king passed by , he cried unto the king : and he said , Thy servant went out into the midst of the battle ; and , behold , a man turned aside , and brought a man unto me , and said , Keep this man : if by any means he be missing , then shall thy life be for his life , or else thou shalt pay a talent of silver .
And the king of Israel said unto him , So shall thy judgment be ; thyself hast decided it .
20 : 42 And he said unto him , Thus saith the LORD , Because thou hast let go out of thy hand a man whom I appointed to utter destruction , therefore thy life shall go for his life , and thy people for his people .
And thou shalt speak unto him , saying , Thus saith the LORD , In the place where dogs licked the blood of Naboth shall dogs lick thy blood , even thine .
21 : 23 And of Jezebel also spake the LORD , saying , The dogs shall eat Jezebel by the wall of Jezreel .
21 : 24 Him that dieth of Ahab in the city the dogs shall eat ; and him that dieth in the field shall the fowls of the air eat .
22 : 6 Then the king of Israel gathered the prophets together , about four hundred men , and said unto them , Shall I go against Ramothgilead to battle , or shall I forbear ?
And they said , Go up ; for the LORD shall deliver it into the hand of the king .
22 : 12 And all the prophets prophesied so , saying , Go up to Ramothgilead , and prosper : for the LORD shall deliver it into the king ' s hand .
And the king said unto him , Micaiah , shall we go against Ramothgilead to battle , or shall we forbear ?
And he answered him , Go , and prosper : for the LORD shall deliver it into the hand of the king .
22 : 16 And the king said unto him , How many times shall I adjure thee that thou tell me nothing but that which is true in the name of the LORD ?
22 : 20 And the LORD said , Who shall persuade Ahab , that he may go up and fall at Ramothgilead ?
1 : 2 And Ahaziah fell down through a lattice in his upper chamber that was in Samaria , and was sick : and he sent messengers , and said unto them , Go , enquire of Baalzebub the god of Ekron whether I shall recover of this disease .
2 : 9 And it came to pass , when they were gone over , that Elijah said unto Elisha , Ask what I shall do for thee , before I be taken away from thee .
2 : 10 And he said , Thou hast asked a hard thing : nevertheless , if thou see me when I am taken from thee , it shall be so unto thee ; but if not , it shall not be so .
And he said , Ye shall not send .
2 : 21 And he went forth unto the spring of the waters , and cast the salt in there , and said , Thus saith the LORD , I have healed these waters ; there shall not be from thence any more death or barren land .
3 : 8 And he said , Which way shall we go up ?
3 : 17 For thus saith the LORD , Ye shall not see wind , neither shall ye see rain ; yet that valley shall be filled with water , that ye may drink , both ye , and your cattle , and your beasts .
3 : 19 And ye shall smite every fenced city , and every choice city , and shall fell every good tree , and stop all wells of water , and mar every good piece of land with stones .
4 : 2 And Elisha said unto her , What shall I do for thee ?
4 : 10 Let us make a little chamber , I pray thee , on the wall ; and let us set for him there a bed , and a table , and a stool , and a candlestick : and it shall be , when he cometh to us , that he shall turn in thither .
And she said , It shall be well .
He said again , Give the people , that they may eat : for thus saith the LORD , They shall eat , and shall leave thereof .
let him come now to me , and he shall know that there is a prophet in Israel .
5 : 10 And Elisha sent a messenger unto him , saying , Go and wash in Jordan seven times , and thy flesh shall come again to thee , and thou shalt be clean .
5 : 17 And Naaman said , Shall there not then , I pray thee , be given to thy servant two mules ' burden of earth ?
5 : 27 The leprosy therefore of Naaman shall cleave unto thee , and unto thy seed for ever .
6 : 8 Then the king of Syria warred against Israel , and took counsel with his servants , saying , In such and such a place shall be my camp .
how shall we do ?
6 : 21 And the king of Israel said unto Elisha , when he saw them , My father , shall I smite them ?
shall I smite them ?
6 : 27 And he said , If the LORD do not help thee , whence shall I help thee ?
6 : 31 Then he said , God do so and more also to me , if the head of Elisha the son of Shaphat shall stand on him this day .
7 : 1 Then Elisha said , Hear ye the word of the LORD ; Thus saith the LORD , To morrow about this time shall a measure of fine flour be sold for a shekel , and two measures of barley for a shekel , in the gate of Samaria .
7 : 4 If we say , We will enter into the city , then the famine is in the city , and we shall die there : and if we sit still here , we die also .
Now therefore come , and let us fall unto the host of the Syrians : if they save us alive , we shall live ; and if they kill us , we shall but die .
They know that we be hungry ; therefore are they gone out of the camp to hide themselves in the field , saying , When they come out of the city , we shall catch them alive , and get into the city .
7 : 18 And it came to pass as the man of God had spoken to the king , saying , Two measures of barley for a shekel , and a measure of fine flour for a shekel , shall be to morrow about this time in the gate of Samaria : 7 : 19 And that lord answered the man of God , and said , Now , behold , if the LORD should make windows in heaven , might such a thing be ?
8 : 1 Then spake Elisha unto the woman , whose son he had restored to life , saying , Arise , and go thou and thine household , and sojourn wheresoever thou canst sojourn : for the LORD hath called for a famine ; and it shall also come upon the land seven years .
8 : 8 And the king said unto Hazael , Take a present in thine hand , and go , meet the man of God , and enquire of the LORD by him , saying , Shall I recover of this disease ?
8 : 9 So Hazael went to meet him , and took a present with him , even of every good thing of Damascus , forty camels ' burden , and came and stood before him , and said , Thy son Benhadad king of Syria hath sent me to thee , saying , Shall I recover of this disease ?
8 : 10 And Elisha said unto him , Go , say unto him , Thou mayest certainly recover : howbeit the LORD hath shewed me that he shall surely die .
9 : 8 For the whole house of Ahab shall perish : and I will cut off from Ahab him that pisseth against the wall , and him that is shut up and left in Israel : 9 : 9 And I will make the house of Ahab like the house of Jeroboam the son of Nebat , and like the house of Baasha the son of Ahijah : 9 : 10 And the dogs shall eat Jezebel in the portion of Jezreel , and there shall be none to bury her .
And he said , This is the word of the LORD , which he spake by his servant Elijah the Tishbite , saying , In the portion of Jezreel shall dogs eat the flesh of Jezebel : 9 : 37 And the carcase of Jezebel shall be as dung upon the face of the field in the portion of Jezreel ; so that they shall not say , This is Jezebel .
10 : 4 But they were exceedingly afraid , and said , Behold , two kings stood not before him : how then shall we stand ?
10 : 10 Know now that there shall fall unto the earth nothing of the word of the LORD , which the LORD spake concerning the house of Ahab : for the LORD hath done that which he spake by his servant Elijah .
10 : 18 And Jehu gathered all the people together , and said unto them , Ahab served Baal a little ; but Jehu shall serve him much .
10 : 19 Now therefore call unto me all the prophets of Baal , all his servants , and all his priests ; let none be wanting : for I have a great sacrifice to do to Baal ; whosoever shall be wanting , he shall not live .
10 : 24 And when they went in to offer sacrifices and burnt offerings , Jehu appointed fourscore men without , and said , If any of the men whom I have brought into your hands escape , he that letteth him go , his life shall be for the life of him .
10 : 30 And the LORD said unto Jehu , Because thou hast done well in executing that which is right in mine eyes , and hast done unto the house of Ahab according to all that was in mine heart , thy children of the fourth generation shall sit on the throne of Israel .
11 : 5 And he commanded them , saying , This is the thing that ye shall do ; A third part of you that enter in on the sabbath shall even be keepers of the watch of the king ' s house ; 11 : 6 And a third part shall be at the gate of Sur ; and a third part at the gate behind the guard : so shall ye keep the watch of the house , that it be not broken down .
11 : 7 And two parts of all you that go forth on the sabbath , even they shall keep the watch of the house of the LORD about the king .
11 : 8 And ye shall compass the king round about , every man with his weapons in his hand : and he that cometh within the ranges , let him be slain : and be ye with the king as he goeth out and as he cometh in .
12 : 4 And Jehoash said to the priests , All the money of the dedicated things that is brought into the house of the LORD , even the money of every one that passeth the account , the money that every man is set at , and all the money that cometh into any man ' s heart to bring into the house of the LORD , 12 : 5 Let the priests take it to them , every man of his acquaintance : and let them repair the breaches of the house , wheresoever any breach shall be found .
14 : 6 But the children of the murderers he slew not : according unto that which is written in the book of the law of Moses , wherein the LORD commanded , saying , The fathers shall not be put to death for the children , nor the children be put to death for the fathers ; but every man shall be put to death for his own sin .
15 : 10 And Shallum the son of Jabesh conspired against him , and smote him before the people , and slew him , and reigned in his stead .
15 : 12 This was the word of the LORD which he spake unto Jehu , saying , Thy sons shall sit on the throne of Israel unto the fourth generation .
15 : 13 Shallum the son of Jabesh began to reign in the nine and thirtieth year of Uzziah king of Judah ; and he reigned a full month in Samaria .
15 : 14 For Menahem the son of Gadi went up from Tirzah , and came to Samaria , and smote Shallum the son of Jabesh in Samaria , and slew him , and reigned in his stead .
15 : 15 And the rest of the acts of Shallum , and his conspiracy which he made , behold , they are written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel .
16 : 15 And king Ahaz commanded Urijah the priest , saying , Upon the great altar burn the morning burnt offering , and the evening meat offering , and the king ' s burnt sacrifice , and his meat offering , with the burnt offering of all the people of the land , and their meat offering , and their drink offerings ; and sprinkle upon it all the blood of the burnt offering , and all the blood of the sacrifice : and the brasen altar shall be for me to enquire by .
17 : 10 And they set them up images and groves in every high hill , and under every green tree : 17 : 11 And there they burnt incense in all the high places , as did the heathen whom the LORD carried away before them ; and wrought wicked things to provoke the LORD to anger : 17 : 12 For they served idols , whereof the LORD had said unto them , Ye shall not do this thing .
17 : 34 Unto this day they do after the former manners : they fear not the LORD , neither do they after their statutes , or after their ordinances , or after the law and commandment which the LORD commanded the children of Jacob , whom he named Israel ; 17 : 35 With whom the LORD had made a covenant , and charged them , saying , Ye shall not fear other gods , nor bow yourselves to them , nor serve them , nor sacrifice to them : 17 : 36 But the LORD , who brought you up out of the land of Egypt with great power and a stretched out arm , him shall ye fear , and him shall ye worship , and to him shall ye do sacrifice .
17 : 37 And the statutes , and the ordinances , and the law , and the commandment , which he wrote for you , ye shall observe to do for evermore ; and ye shall not fear other gods .
17 : 38 And the covenant that I have made with you ye shall not forget ; neither shall ye fear other gods .
17 : 39 But the LORD your God ye shall fear ; and he shall deliver you out of the hand of all your enemies .
18 : 22 But if ye say unto me , We trust in the LORD our God : is not that he , whose high places and whose altars Hezekiah hath taken away , and hath said to Judah and Jerusalem , Ye shall worship before this altar in Jerusalem ?
18 : 28 Then Rabshakeh stood and cried with a loud voice in the Jews ' language , and spake , saying , Hear the word of the great king , the king of Assyria : 18 : 29 Thus saith the king , Let not Hezekiah deceive you : for he shall not be able to deliver you out of his hand : 18 : 30 Neither let Hezekiah make you trust in the LORD , saying , The LORD will surely deliver us , and this city shall not be delivered into the hand of the king of Assyria .
19 : 6 And Isaiah said unto them , Thus shall ye say to your master , Thus saith the LORD , Be not afraid of the words which thou hast heard , with which the servants of the king of Assyria have blasphemed me .
19 : 7 Behold , I will send a blast upon him , and he shall hear a rumour , and shall return to his own land ; and I will cause him to fall by the sword in his own land .
19 : 9 And when he heard say of Tirhakah king of Ethiopia , Behold , he is come out to fight against thee : he sent messengers again unto Hezekiah , saying , 19 : 10 Thus shall ye speak to Hezekiah king of Judah , saying , Let not thy God in whom thou trustest deceive thee , saying , Jerusalem shall not be delivered into the hand of the king of Assyria .
19 : 29 And this shall be a sign unto thee , Ye shall eat this year such things as grow of themselves , and in the second year that which springeth of the same ; and in the third year sow ye , and reap , and plant vineyards , and eat the fruits thereof .
19 : 30 And the remnant that is escaped of the house of Judah shall yet again take root downward , and bear fruit upward .
19 : 31 For out of Jerusalem shall go forth a remnant , and they that escape out of mount Zion : the zeal of the LORD of hosts shall do this .
19 : 32 Therefore thus saith the LORD concerning the king of Assyria , He shall not come into this city , nor shoot an arrow there , nor come before it with shield , nor cast a bank against it .
19 : 33 By the way that he came , by the same shall he return , and shall not come into this city , saith the LORD .
20 : 8 And Hezekiah said unto Isaiah , What shall be the sign that the LORD will heal me , and that I shall go up into the house of the LORD the third day ?
20 : 9 And Isaiah said , This sign shalt thou have of the LORD , that the LORD will do the thing that he hath spoken : shall the shadow go forward ten degrees , or go back ten degrees ?
20 : 17 Behold , the days come , that all that is in thine house , and that which thy fathers have laid up in store unto this day , shall be carried into Babylon : nothing shall be left , saith the LORD .
20 : 18 And of thy sons that shall issue from thee , which thou shalt beget , shall they take away ; and they shall be eunuchs in the palace of the king of Babylon .
21 : 10 And the LORD spake by his servants the prophets , saying , 21 : 11 Because Manasseh king of Judah hath done these abominations , and hath done wickedly above all that the Amorites did , which were before him , and hath made Judah also to sin with his idols : 21 : 12 Therefore thus saith the LORD God of Israel , Behold , I am bringing such evil upon Jerusalem and Judah , that whosoever heareth of it , both his ears shall tingle .
21 : 14 And I will forsake the remnant of mine inheritance , and deliver them into the hand of their enemies ; and they shall become a prey and a spoil to all their enemies ; 21 : 15 Because they have done that which was evil in my sight , and have provoked me to anger , since the day their fathers came forth out of Egypt , even unto this day .
22 : 14 So Hilkiah the priest , and Ahikam , and Achbor , and Shaphan , and Asahiah , went unto Huldah the prophetess , the wife of Shallum the son of Tikvah , the son of Harhas , keeper of the wardrobe ; ( now she dwelt in Jerusalem in the college ;) and they communed with her .
22 : 15 And she said unto them , Thus saith the LORD God of Israel , Tell the man that sent you to me , 22 : 16 Thus saith the LORD , Behold , I will bring evil upon this place , and upon the inhabitants thereof , even all the words of the book which the king of Judah hath read : 22 : 17 Because they have forsaken me , and have burned incense unto other gods , that they might provoke me to anger with all the works of their hands ; therefore my wrath shall be kindled against this place , and shall not be quenched .
22 : 18 But to the king of Judah which sent you to enquire of the LORD , thus shall ye say to him , Thus saith the LORD God of Israel , As touching the words which thou hast heard ; 22 : 19 Because thine heart was tender , and thou hast humbled thyself before the LORD , when thou heardest what I spake against this place , and against the inhabitants thereof , that they should become a desolation and a curse , and hast rent thy clothes , and wept before me ; I also have heard thee , saith the LORD .
22 : 20 Behold therefore , I will gather thee unto thy fathers , and thou shalt be gathered into thy grave in peace ; and thine eyes shall not see all the evil which I will bring upon this place .
23 : 27 And the LORD said , I will remove Judah also out of my sight , as I have removed Israel , and will cast off this city Jerusalem which I have chosen , and the house of which I said , My name shall be there .
25 : 24 And Gedaliah sware to them , and to their men , and said unto them , Fear not to be the servants of the Chaldees : dwell in the land , and serve the king of Babylon ; and it shall be well with you .
2 : 36 And Attai begat Nathan , and Nathan begat Zabad , 2 : 37 And Zabad begat Ephlal , and Ephlal begat Obed , 2 : 38 And Obed begat Jehu , and Jehu begat Azariah , 2 : 39 And Azariah begat Helez , and Helez begat Eleasah , 2 : 40 And Eleasah begat Sisamai , and Sisamai begat Shallum , 2 : 41 And Shallum begat Jekamiah , and Jekamiah begat Elishama .
3 : 15 And the sons of Josiah were , the firstborn Johanan , the second Jehoiakim , the third Zedekiah , the fourth Shallum .
4 : 24 The sons of Simeon were , Nemuel , and Jamin , Jarib , Zerah , and Shaul : 4 : 25 Shallum his son , Mibsam his son , Mishma his son .
6 : 4 Eleazar begat Phinehas , Phinehas begat Abishua , 6 : 5 And Abishua begat Bukki , and Bukki begat Uzzi , 6 : 6 And Uzzi begat Zerahiah , and Zerahiah begat Meraioth , 6 : 7 Meraioth begat Amariah , and Amariah begat Ahitub , 6 : 8 And Ahitub begat Zadok , and Zadok begat Ahimaaz , 6 : 9 And Ahimaaz begat Azariah , and Azariah begat Johanan , 6 : 10 And Johanan begat Azariah , ( he it is that executed the priest ' s office in the temple that Solomon built in Jerusalem :) 6 : 11 And Azariah begat Amariah , and Amariah begat Ahitub , 6 : 12 And Ahitub begat Zadok , and Zadok begat Shallum , 6 : 13 And Shallum begat Hilkiah , and Hilkiah begat Azariah , 6 : 14 And Azariah begat Seraiah , and Seraiah begat Jehozadak , 6 : 15 And Jehozadak went into captivity , when the LORD carried away Judah and Jerusalem by the hand of Nebuchadnezzar .
7 : 13 The sons of Naphtali ; Jahziel , and Guni , and Jezer , and Shallum , the sons of Bilhah .
9 : 17 And the porters were , Shallum , and Akkub , and Talmon , and Ahiman , and their brethren : Shallum was the chief ; 9 : 18 Who hitherto waited in the king ' s gate eastward : they were porters in the companies of the children of Levi .
9 : 19 And Shallum the son of Kore , the son of Ebiasaph , the son of Korah , and his brethren , of the house of his father , the Korahites , were over the work of the service , keepers of the gates of the tabernacle : and their fathers , being over the host of the LORD , were keepers of the entry .
9 : 31 And Mattithiah , one of the Levites , who was the firstborn of Shallum the Korahite , had the set office over the things that were made in the pans .
11 : 6 And David said , Whosoever smiteth the Jebusites first shall be chief and captain .
11 : 19 And said , My God forbid it me , that I should do this thing : shall I drink the blood of these men that have put their lives in jeopardy ?
12 : 17 And David went out to meet them , and answered and said unto them , If ye be come peaceably unto me to help me , mine heart shall be knit unto you : but if ye be come to betray me to mine enemies , seeing there is no wrong in mine hands , the God of our fathers look thereon , and rebuke it .
13 : 12 And David was afraid of God that day , saying , How shall I bring the ark of God home to me ?
14 : 10 And David enquired of God , saying , Shall I go up against the Philistines ?
14 : 15 And it shall be , when thou shalt hear a sound of going in the tops of the mulberry trees , that then thou shalt go out to battle : for God is gone forth before thee to smite the host of the Philistines .
16 : 30 Fear before him , all the earth : the world also shall be stable , that it be not moved .
16 : 33 Then shall the trees of the wood sing out at the presence of the LORD , because he cometh to judge the earth .
17 : 9 Also I will ordain a place for my people Israel , and will plant them , and they shall dwell in their place , and shall be moved no more ; neither shall the children of wickedness waste them any more , as at the beginning , 17 : 10 And since the time that I commanded judges to be over my people Israel .
17 : 11 And it shall come to pass , when thy days be expired that thou must go to be with thy fathers , that I will raise up thy seed after thee , which shall be of thy sons ; and I will establish his kingdom .
17 : 12 He shall build me an house , and I will stablish his throne for ever .
17 : 13 I will be his father , and he shall be my son : and I will not take my mercy away from him , as I took it from him that was before thee : 17 : 14 But I will settle him in mine house and in my kingdom for ever : and his throne shall be established for evermore .
17 : 26 And now , LORD , thou art God , and hast promised this goodness unto thy servant : 17 : 27 Now therefore let it please thee to bless the house of thy servant , that it may be before thee for ever : for thou blessest , O LORD , and it shall be blessed for ever .
Now therefore advise thyself what word I shall bring again to him that sent me .
22 : 9 Behold , a son shall be born to thee , who shall be a man of rest ; and I will give him rest from all his enemies round about : for his name shall be Solomon , and I will give peace and quietness unto Israel in his days .
22 : 10 He shall build an house for my name ; and he shall be my son , and I will be his father ; and I will establish the throne of his kingdom over Israel for ever .
23 : 25 For David said , The LORD God of Israel hath given rest unto his people , that they may dwell in Jerusalem for ever : 23 : 26 And also unto the Levites ; they shall no more carry the tabernacle , nor any vessels of it for the service thereof .
26 : 16 To Shuppim and Hosah the lot came forth westward , with the gate Shallecheth , by the causeway of the going up , ward against ward .
28 : 6 And he said unto me , Solomon thy son , he shall build my house and my courts : for I have chosen him to be my son , and I will be his father .
28 : 21 And , behold , the courses of the priests and the Levites , even they shall be with thee for all the service of the house of God : and there shall be with thee for all manner of workmanship every willing skilful man , for any manner of service : also the princes and all the people will be wholly at thy commandment .
1 : 7 In that night did God appear unto Solomon , and said unto him , Ask what I shall give thee .
1 : 11 And God said to Solomon , Because this was in thine heart , and thou hast not asked riches , wealth , or honour , nor the life of thine enemies , neither yet hast asked long life ; but hast asked wisdom and knowledge for thyself , that thou mayest judge my people , over whom I have made thee king : 1 : 12 Wisdom and knowledge is granted unto thee ; and I will give thee riches , and wealth , and honour , such as none of the kings have had that have been before thee , neither shall there any after thee have the like .
2 : 8 Send me also cedar trees , fir trees , and algum trees , out of Lebanon : for I know that thy servants can skill to cut timber in Lebanon ; and , behold , my servants shall be with thy servants , 2 : 9 Even to prepare me timber in abundance : for the house which I am about to build shall be wonderful great .
2 : 13 And now I have sent a cunning man , endued with understanding , of Huram my father ' s , 2 : 14 The son of a woman of the daughters of Dan , and his father was a man of Tyre , skilful to work in gold , and in silver , in brass , in iron , in stone , and in timber , in purple , in blue , and in fine linen , and in crimson ; also to grave any manner of graving , and to find out every device which shall be put to him , with thy cunning men , and with the cunning men of my lord David thy father .
6 : 8 But the LORD said to David my father , Forasmuch as it was in thine heart to build an house for my name , thou didst well in that it was in thine heart : 6 : 9 Notwithstanding thou shalt not build the house ; but thy son which shall come forth out of thy loins , he shall build the house for my name .
6 : 16 Now therefore , O LORD God of Israel , keep with thy servant David my father that which thou hast promised him , saying , There shall not fail thee a man in my sight to sit upon the throne of Israel ; yet so that thy children take heed to their way to walk in my law , as thou hast walked before me .
6 : 21 Hearken therefore unto the supplications of thy servant , and of thy people Israel , which they shall make toward this place : hear thou from thy dwelling place , even from heaven ; and when thou hearest , forgive .
6 : 24 And if thy people Israel be put to the worse before the enemy , because they have sinned against thee ; and shall return and confess thy name , and pray and make supplication before thee in this house ; 6 : 25 Then hear thou from the heavens , and forgive the sin of thy people Israel , and bring them again unto the land which thou gavest to them and to their fathers .
6 : 28 If there be dearth in the land , if there be pestilence , if there be blasting , or mildew , locusts , or caterpillers ; if their enemies besiege them in the cities of their land ; whatsoever sore or whatsoever sickness there be : 6 : 29 Then what prayer or what supplication soever shall be made of any man , or of all thy people Israel , when every one shall know his own sore and his own grief , and shall spread forth his hands in this house : 6 : 30 Then hear thou from heaven thy dwelling place , and forgive , and render unto every man according unto all his ways , whose heart thou knowest ; ( for thou only knowest the hearts of the children of men :) 6 : 31 That they may fear thee , to walk in thy ways , so long as they live in the land which thou gavest unto our fathers .
7 : 13 If I shut up heaven that there be no rain , or if I command the locusts to devour the land , or if I send pestilence among my people ; 7 : 14 If my people , which are called by my name , shall humble themselves , and pray , and seek my face , and turn from their wicked ways ; then will I hear from heaven , and will forgive their sin , and will heal their land .
7 : 15 Now mine eyes shall be open , and mine ears attent unto the prayer that is made in this place .
7 : 16 For now have I chosen and sanctified this house , that my name may be there for ever : and mine eyes and mine heart shall be there perpetually .
7 : 17 And as for thee , if thou wilt walk before me , as David thy father walked , and do according to all that I have commanded thee , and shalt observe my statutes and my judgments ; 7 : 18 Then will I stablish the throne of thy kingdom , according as I have covenanted with David thy father , saying , There shall not fail thee a man to be ruler in Israel .
7 : 19 But if ye turn away , and forsake my statutes and my commandments , which I have set before you , and shall go and serve other gods , and worship them ; 7 : 20 Then will I pluck them up by the roots out of my land which I have given them ; and this house , which I have sanctified for my name , will I cast out of my sight , and will make it to be a proverb and a byword among all nations .
7 : 21 And this house , which is high , shall be an astonishment to every one that passeth by it ; so that he shall say , Why hath the LORD done thus unto this land , and unto this house ?
7 : 22 And it shall be answered , Because they forsook the LORD God of their fathers , which brought them forth out of the land of Egypt , and laid hold on other gods , and worshipped them , and served them : therefore hath he brought all this evil upon them .
8 : 11 And Solomon brought up the daughter of Pharaoh out of the city of David unto the house that he had built for her : for he said , My wife shall not dwell in the house of David king of Israel , because the places are holy , whereunto the ark of the LORD hath come .
10 : 10 And the young men that were brought up with him spake unto him , saying , Thus shalt thou answer the people that spake unto thee , saying , Thy father made our yoke heavy , but make thou it somewhat lighter for us ; thus shalt thou say unto them , My little finger shall be thicker than my father ' s loins .
11 : 2 But the word of the LORD came to Shemaiah the man of God , saying , 11 : 3 Speak unto Rehoboam the son of Solomon , king of Judah , and to all Israel in Judah and Benjamin , saying , 11 : 4 Thus saith the LORD , Ye shall not go up , nor fight against your brethren : return every man to his house : for this thing is done of me .
12 : 7 And when the LORD saw that they humbled themselves , the word of the LORD came to Shemaiah , saying , They have humbled themselves ; therefore I will not destroy them , but I will grant them some deliverance ; and my wrath shall not be poured out upon Jerusalem by the hand of Shishak .
12 : 8 Nevertheless they shall be his servants ; that they may know my service , and the service of the kingdoms of the countries .
O children of Israel , fight ye not against the LORD God of your fathers ; for ye shall not prosper .
15 : 7 Be ye strong therefore , and let not your hands be weak : for your work shall be rewarded .
18 : 5 Therefore the king of Israel gathered together of prophets four hundred men , and said unto them , Shall we go to Ramothgilead to battle , or shall I forbear ?
18 : 11 And all the prophets prophesied so , saying , Go up to Ramothgilead , and prosper : for the LORD shall deliver it into the hand of the king .
18 : 14 And when he was come to the king , the king said unto him , Micaiah , shall we go to Ramothgilead to battle , or shall I forbear ?
And he said , Go ye up , and prosper , and they shall be delivered into your hand .
18 : 15 And the king said to him , How many times shall I adjure thee that thou say nothing but the truth to me in the name of the LORD ?
18 : 19 And the LORD said , Who shall entice Ahab king of Israel , that he may go up and fall at Ramothgilead ?
19 : 9 And he charged them , saying , Thus shall ye do in the fear of the LORD , faithfully , and with a perfect heart .
19 : 10 And what cause soever shall come to you of your brethren that dwell in your cities , between blood and blood , between law and commandment , statutes and judgments , ye shall even warn them that they trespass not against the LORD , and so wrath come upon you , and upon your brethren : this do , and ye shall not trespass .
19 : 11 And , behold , Amariah the chief priest is over you in all matters of the LORD ; and Zebadiah the son of Ishmael , the ruler of the house of Judah , for all the king ' s matters : also the Levites shall be officers before you .
Deal courageously , and the LORD shall be with the good .
20 : 16 To morrow go ye down against them : behold , they come up by the cliff of Ziz ; and ye shall find them at the end of the brook , before the wilderness of Jeruel .
20 : 17 Ye shall not need to fight in this battle : set yourselves , stand ye still , and see the salvation of the LORD with you , O Judah and Jerusalem : fear not , nor be dismayed ; to morrow go out against them : for the LORD will be with you .
20 : 20 And they rose early in the morning , and went forth into the wilderness of Tekoa : and as they went forth , Jehoshaphat stood and said , Hear me , O Judah , and ye inhabitants of Jerusalem ; Believe in the LORD your God , so shall ye be established ; believe his prophets , so shall ye prosper .
And he said unto them , Behold , the king ' s son shall reign , as the LORD hath said of the sons of David .
23 : 4 This is the thing that ye shall do ; A third part of you entering on the sabbath , of the priests and of the Levites , shall be porters of the doors ; 23 : 5 And a third part shall be at the king ' s house ; and a third part at the gate of the foundation : and all the people shall be in the courts of the house of the LORD .
23 : 6 But let none come into the house of the LORD , save the priests , and they that minister of the Levites ; they shall go in , for they are holy : but all the people shall keep the watch of the LORD .
23 : 7 And the Levites shall compass the king round about , every man with his weapons in his hand ; and whosoever else cometh into the house , he shall be put to death : but be ye with the king when he cometh in , and when he goeth out .
25 : 4 But he slew not their children , but did as it is written in the law in the book of Moses , where the LORD commanded , saying , The fathers shall not die for the children , neither shall the children die for the fathers , but every man shall die for his own sin .
25 : 8 But if thou wilt go , do it ; be strong for the battle : God shall make thee fall before the enemy : for God hath power to help , and to cast down .
25 : 9 And Amaziah said to the man of God , But what shall we do for the hundred talents which I have given to the army of Israel ?
26 : 17 And Azariah the priest went in after him , and with him fourscore priests of the LORD , that were valiant men : 26 : 18 And they withstood Uzziah the king , and said unto him , It appertaineth not unto thee , Uzziah , to burn incense unto the LORD , but to the priests the sons of Aaron , that are consecrated to burn incense : go out of the sanctuary ; for thou hast trespassed ; neither shall it be for thine honour from the LORD God .
28 : 12 Then certain of the heads of the children of Ephraim , Azariah the son of Johanan , Berechiah the son of Meshillemoth , and Jehizkiah the son of Shallum , and Amasa the son of Hadlai , stood up against them that came from the war , 28 : 13 And said unto them , Ye shall not bring in the captives hither : for whereas we have offended against the LORD already , ye intend to add more to our sins and to our trespass : for our trespass is great , and there is fierce wrath against Israel .
30 : 9 For if ye turn again unto the LORD , your brethren and your children shall find compassion before them that lead them captive , so that they shall come again into this land : for the LORD your God is gracious and merciful , and will not turn away his face from you , if ye return unto him .
32 : 11 Doth not Hezekiah persuade you to give over yourselves to die by famine and by thirst , saying , The LORD our God shall deliver us out of the hand of the king of Assyria ?
32 : 12 Hath not the same Hezekiah taken away his high places and his altars , and commanded Judah and Jerusalem , saying , Ye shall worship before one altar , and burn incense upon it ?
32 : 15 Now therefore let not Hezekiah deceive you , nor persuade you on this manner , neither yet believe him : for no god of any nation or kingdom was able to deliver his people out of mine hand , and out of the hand of my fathers : how much less shall your God deliver you out of mine hand ?
32 : 17 He wrote also letters to rail on the LORD God of Israel , and to speak against him , saying , As the gods of the nations of other lands have not delivered their people out of mine hand , so shall not the God of Hezekiah deliver his people out of mine hand .
33 : 4 Also he built altars in the house of the LORD , whereof the LORD had said , In Jerusalem shall my name be for ever .
34 : 22 And Hilkiah , and they that the king had appointed , went to Huldah the prophetess , the wife of Shallum the son of Tikvath , the son of Hasrah , keeper of the wardrobe ; ( now she dwelt in Jerusalem in the college :) and they spake to her to that effect .
34 : 23 And she answered them , Thus saith the LORD God of Israel , Tell ye the man that sent you to me , 34 : 24 Thus saith the LORD , Behold , I will bring evil upon this place , and upon the inhabitants thereof , even all the curses that are written in the book which they have read before the king of Judah : 34 : 25 Because they have forsaken me , and have burned incense unto other gods , that they might provoke me to anger with all the works of their hands ; therefore my wrath shall be poured out upon this place , and shall not be quenched .
34 : 26 And as for the king of Judah , who sent you to enquire of the LORD , so shall ye say unto him , Thus saith the LORD God of Israel concerning the words which thou hast heard ; 34 : 27 Because thine heart was tender , and thou didst humble thyself before God , when thou heardest his words against this place , and against the inhabitants thereof , and humbledst thyself before me , and didst rend thy clothes , and weep before me ; I have even heard thee also , saith the LORD .
34 : 28 Behold , I will gather thee to thy fathers , and thou shalt be gathered to thy grave in peace , neither shall thine eyes see all the evil that I will bring upon this place , and upon the inhabitants of the same .
35 : 2 And he set the priests in their charges , and encouraged them to the service of the house of the LORD , 35 : 3 And said unto the Levites that taught all Israel , which were holy unto the LORD , Put the holy ark in the house which Solomon the son of David king of Israel did build ; it shall not be a burden upon your shoulders : serve now the LORD your God , and his people Israel , 35 : 4 And prepare yourselves by the houses of your fathers , after your courses , according to the writing of David king of Israel , and according to the writing of Solomon his son .
2 : 42 The children of the porters : the children of Shallum , the children of Ater , the children of Talmon , the children of Akkub , the children of Hatita , the children of Shobai , in all an hundred thirty and nine .
4 : 21 Give ye now commandment to cause these men to cease , and that this city be not builded , until another commandment shall be given from me .
6 : 8 Moreover I make a decree what ye shall do to the elders of these Jews for the building of this house of God : that of the king ' s goods , even of the tribute beyond the river , forthwith expenses be given unto these men , that they be not hindered .
6 : 11 Also I have made a decree , that whosoever shall alter this word , let timber be pulled down from his house , and being set up , let him be hanged thereon ; and let his house be made a dunghill for this .
6 : 12 And the God that hath caused his name to dwell there destroy all kings and people , that shall put to their hand to alter and to destroy this house of God which is at Jerusalem .
7 : 1 Now after these things , in the reign of Artaxerxes king of Persia , Ezra the son of Seraiah , the son of Azariah , the son of Hilkiah , 7 : 2 The son of Shallum , the son of Zadok , the son of Ahitub , 7 : 3 The son of Amariah , the son of Azariah , the son of Meraioth , 7 : 4 The son of Zerahiah , the son of Uzzi , the son of Bukki , 7 : 5 The son of Abishua , the son of Phinehas , the son of Eleazar , the son of Aaron the chief priest : 7 : 6 This Ezra went up from Babylon ; and he was a ready scribe in the law of Moses , which the LORD God of Israel had given : and the king granted him all his request , according to the hand of the LORD his God upon him .
7 : 18 And whatsoever shall seem good to thee , and to thy brethren , to do with the rest of the silver and the gold , that do after the will of your God .
7 : 20 And whatsoever more shall be needful for the house of thy God , which thou shalt have occasion to bestow , bestow it out of the king ' s treasure house .
7 : 21 And I , even I Artaxerxes the king , do make a decree to all the treasurers which are beyond the river , that whatsoever Ezra the priest , the scribe of the law of the God of heaven , shall require of you , it be done speedily , 7 : 22 Unto an hundred talents of silver , and to an hundred measures of wheat , and to an hundred baths of wine , and to an hundred baths of oil , and salt without prescribing how much .
7 : 24 Also we certify you , that touching any of the priests and Levites , singers , porters , Nethinims , or ministers of this house of God , it shall not be lawful to impose toll , tribute , or custom , upon them .
9 : 10 And now , O our God , what shall we say after this ?
10 : 24 Of the singers also ; Eliashib : and of the porters ; Shallum , and Telem , and Uri .
10 : 34 Of the sons of Bani ; Maadai , Amram , and Uel , 10 : 35 Benaiah , Bedeiah , Chelluh , 10 : 36 Vaniah , Meremoth , Eliashib , 10 : 37 Mattaniah , Mattenai , and Jaasau , 10 : 38 And Bani , and Binnui , Shimei , 10 : 39 And Shelemiah , and Nathan , and Adaiah , 10 : 40 Machnadebai , Shashai , Sharai , 10 : 41 Azareel , and Shelemiah , Shemariah , 10 : 42 Shallum , Amariah , and Joseph .
2 : 6 And the king said unto me , ( the queen also sitting by him ,) For how long shall thy journey be ?
2 : 7 Moreover I said unto the king , If it please the king , let letters be given me to the governors beyond the river , that they may convey me over till I come into Judah ; 2 : 8 And a letter unto Asaph the keeper of the king ' s forest , that he may give me timber to make beams for the gates of the palace which appertained to the house , and for the wall of the city , and for the house that I shall enter into .
3 : 12 And next unto him repaired Shallum the son of Halohesh , the ruler of the half part of Jerusalem , he and his daughters .
3 : 15 But the gate of the fountain repaired Shallun the son of Colhozeh , the ruler of part of Mizpah ; he built it , and covered it , and set up the doors thereof , the locks thereof , and the bars thereof , and the wall of the pool of Siloah by the king ' s garden , and unto the stairs that go down from the city of David .
4 : 3 Now Tobiah the Ammonite was by him , and he said , Even that which they build , if a fox go up , he shall even break down their stone wall .
4 : 11 And our adversaries said , They shall not know , neither see , till we come in the midst among them , and slay them , and cause the work to cease .
4 : 12 And it came to pass , that when the Jews which dwelt by them came , they said unto us ten times , From all places whence ye shall return unto us they will be upon you .
4 : 20 In what place therefore ye hear the sound of the trumpet , resort ye thither unto us : our God shall fight for us .
or shall they be sold unto us ?
6 : 7 And thou hast also appointed prophets to preach of thee at Jerusalem , saying , There is a king in Judah : and now shall it be reported to the king according to these words .
6 : 9 For they all made us afraid , saying , Their hands shall be weakened from the work , that it be not done .
7 : 45 The porters : the children of Shallum , the children of Ater , the children of Talmon , the children of Akkub , the children of Hatita , the children of Shobai , an hundred thirty and eight .
9 : 28 But after they had rest , they did evil again before thee : therefore leftest thou them in the land of their enemies , so that they had the dominion over them : yet when they returned , and cried unto thee , thou heardest them from heaven ; and many times didst thou deliver them according to thy mercies ; 9 : 29 And testifiedst against them , that thou mightest bring them again unto thy law : yet they dealt proudly , and hearkened not unto thy commandments , but sinned against thy judgments , ( which if a man do , he shall live in them ;) and withdrew the shoulder , and hardened their neck , and would not hear .
10 : 38 And the priest the son of Aaron shall be with the Levites , when the Levites take tithes : and the Levites shall bring up the tithe of the tithes unto the house of our God , to the chambers , into the treasure house .
10 : 39 For the children of Israel and the children of Levi shall bring the offering of the corn , of the new wine , and the oil , unto the chambers , where are the vessels of the sanctuary , and the priests that minister , and the porters , and the singers : and we will not forsake the house of our God .
13 : 25 And I contended with them , and cursed them , and smote certain of them , and plucked off their hair , and made them swear by God , saying , Ye shall not give your daughters unto their sons , nor take their daughters unto your sons , or for yourselves .
13 : 27 Shall we then hearken unto you to do all this great evil , to transgress against our God in marrying strange wives ?
1 : 13 Then the king said to the wise men , which knew the times , ( for so was the king ' s manner toward all that knew law and judgment : 1 : 14 And the next unto him was Carshena , Shethar , Admatha , Tarshish , Meres , Marsena , and Memucan , the seven princes of Persia and Media , which saw the king ' s face , and which sat the first in the kingdom ;) 1 : 15 What shall we do unto the queen Vashti according to law , because she hath not performed the commandment of the king Ahasuerus by the chamberlains ?
1 : 17 For this deed of the queen shall come abroad unto all women , so that they shall despise their husbands in their eyes , when it shall be reported , The king Ahasuerus commanded Vashti the queen to be brought in before him , but she came not .
1 : 18 Likewise shall the ladies of Persia and Media say this day unto all the king ' s princes , which have heard of the deed of the queen .
Thus shall there arise too much contempt and wrath .
1 : 20 And when the king ' s decree which he shall make shall be published throughout all his empire , ( for it is great ,) all the wives shall give to their husbands honour , both to great and small .
4 : 10 Again Esther spake unto Hatach , and gave him commandment unto Mordecai ; 4 : 11 All the king ' s servants , and the people of the king ' s provinces , do know , that whosoever , whether man or women , shall come unto the king into the inner court , who is not called , there is one law of his to put him to death , except such to whom the king shall hold out the golden sceptre , that he may live : but I have not been called to come in unto the king these thirty days .
4 : 14 For if thou altogether holdest thy peace at this time , then shall there enlargement and deliverance arise to the Jews from another place ; but thou and thy father ' s house shall be destroyed : and who knoweth whether thou art come to the kingdom for such a time as this ?
it shall be even given thee to the half of the kingdom .
and it shall be granted thee : and what is thy request ?
even to the half of the kingdom it shall be performed .
5 : 7 Then answered Esther , and said , My petition and my request is ; 5 : 8 If I have found favour in the sight of the king , and if it please the king to grant my petition , and to perform my request , let the king and Haman come to the banquet that I shall prepare for them , and I will do to morrow as the king hath said .
And the king said unto him , What shall be done unto the man whom the king delighteth to honour ?
6 : 7 And Haman answered the king , For the man whom the king delighteth to honour , 6 : 8 Let the royal apparel be brought which the king useth to wear , and the horse that the king rideth upon , and the crown royal which is set upon his head : 6 : 9 And let this apparel and horse be delivered to the hand of one of the king ' s most noble princes , that they may array the man withal whom the king delighteth to honour , and bring him on horseback through the street of the city , and proclaim before him , Thus shall it be done to the man whom the king delighteth to honour .
6 : 11 Then took Haman the apparel and the horse , and arrayed Mordecai , and brought him on horseback through the street of the city , and proclaimed before him , Thus shall it be done unto the man whom the king delighteth to honour .
and it shall be granted thee : and what is thy request ?
and it shall be performed , even to the half of the kingdom .
So Esther arose , and stood before the king , 8 : 5 And said , If it please the king , and if I have favour in his sight , and the thing seem right before the king , and I be pleasing in his eyes , let it be written to reverse the letters devised by Haman the son of Hammedatha the Agagite , which he wrote to destroy the Jews which are in all the king ' s provinces : 8 : 6 For how can I endure to see the evil that shall come unto my people ?
and it shall be granted thee : or what is thy request further ?
and it shall be done .
1 : 20 Then Job arose , and rent his mantle , and shaved his head , and fell down upon the ground , and worshipped , 1 : 21 And said , Naked came I out of my mother ' s womb , and naked shall I return thither : the LORD gave , and the LORD hath taken away ; blessed be the name of the LORD .
shall we receive good at the hand of God , and shall we not receive evil ?
4 : 15 Then a spirit passed before my face ; the hair of my flesh stood up : 4 : 16 It stood still , but I could not discern the form thereof : an image was before mine eyes , there was silence , and I heard a voice , saying , 4 : 17 Shall mortal man be more just than God ?
shall a man be more pure than his maker ?
5 : 19 He shall deliver thee in six troubles : yea , in seven there shall no evil touch thee .
5 : 20 In famine he shall redeem thee from death : and in war from the power of the sword .
5 : 23 For thou shalt be in league with the stones of the field : and the beasts of the field shall be at peace with thee .
5 : 24 And thou shalt know that thy tabernacle shall be in peace ; and thou shalt visit thy habitation , and shalt not sin .
5 : 25 Thou shalt know also that thy seed shall be great , and thine offspring as the grass of the earth .
7 : 4 When I lie down , I say , When shall I arise , and the night be gone ?
7 : 7 O remember that my life is wind : mine eye shall no more see good .
7 : 8 The eye of him that hath seen me shall see me no more : thine eyes are upon me , and I am not .
7 : 9 As the cloud is consumed and vanisheth away : so he that goeth down to the grave shall come up no more .
7 : 10 He shall return no more to his house , neither shall his place know him any more .
7 : 13 When I say , My bed shall comfort me , my couch shall ease my complaints ; 7 : 14 Then thou scarest me with dreams , and terrifiest me through visions : 7 : 15 So that my soul chooseth strangling , and death rather than my life .
7 : 20 I have sinned ; what shall I do unto thee , O thou preserver of men ?
for now shall I sleep in the dust ; and thou shalt seek me in the morning , but I shall not be .
and how long shall the words of thy mouth be like a strong wind ?
8 : 8 For enquire , I pray thee , of the former age , and prepare thyself to the search of their fathers : 8 : 9 ( For we are but of yesterday , and know nothing , because our days upon earth are a shadow :) 8 : 10 Shall not they teach thee , and tell thee , and utter words out of their heart ?
8 : 13 So are the paths of all that forget God ; and the hypocrite ' s hope shall perish : 8 : 14 Whose hope shall be cut off , and whose trust shall be a spider ' s web .
8 : 15 He shall lean upon his house , but it shall not stand : he shall hold it fast , but it shall not endure .
8 : 18 If he destroy him from his place , then it shall deny him , saying , I have not seen thee .
8 : 19 Behold , this is the joy of his way , and out of the earth shall others grow .
8 : 22 They that hate thee shall be clothed with shame ; and the dwelling place of the wicked shall come to nought .
9 : 14 How much less shall I answer him , and choose out my words to reason with him ?
9 : 19 If I speak of strength , lo , he is strong : and if of judgment , who shall set me a time to plead ?
9 : 20 If I justify myself , mine own mouth shall condemn me : if I say , I am perfect , it shall also prove me perverse .
9 : 30 If I wash myself with snow water , and make my hands never so clean ; 9 : 31 Yet shalt thou plunge me in the ditch , and mine own clothes shall abhor me .
cease then , and let me alone , that I may take comfort a little , 10 : 21 Before I go whence I shall not return , even to the land of darkness and the shadow of death ; 10 : 22 A land of darkness , as darkness itself ; and of the shadow of death , without any order , and where the light is as darkness .
and when thou mockest , shall no man make thee ashamed ?
11 : 15 For then shalt thou lift up thy face without spot ; yea , thou shalt be stedfast , and shalt not fear : 11 : 16 Because thou shalt forget thy misery , and remember it as waters that pass away : 11 : 17 And thine age shall be clearer than the noonday : thou shalt shine forth , thou shalt be as the morning .
11 : 19 Also thou shalt lie down , and none shall make thee afraid ; yea , many shall make suit unto thee .
11 : 20 But the eyes of the wicked shall fail , and they shall not escape , and their hope shall be as the giving up of the ghost .
12 : 1 And Job answered and said , 12 : 2 No doubt but ye are the people , and wisdom shall die with you .
12 : 7 But ask now the beasts , and they shall teach thee ; and the fowls of the air , and they shall tell thee : 12 : 8 Or speak to the earth , and it shall teach thee : and the fishes of the sea shall declare unto thee .
13 : 11 Shall not his excellency make you afraid ?
13 : 16 He also shall be my salvation : for an hypocrite shall not come before him .
13 : 18 Behold now , I have ordered my cause ; I know that I shall be justified .
for now , if I hold my tongue , I shall give up the ghost .
14 : 5 Seeing his days are determined , the number of his months are with thee , thou hast appointed his bounds that he cannot pass ; 14 : 6 Turn from him , that he may rest , till he shall accomplish , as an hireling , his day .
14 : 11 As the waters fail from the sea , and the flood decayeth and drieth up : 14 : 12 So man lieth down , and riseth not : till the heavens be no more , they shall not awake , nor be raised out of their sleep .
14 : 14 If a man die , shall he live again ?
14 : 22 But his flesh upon him shall have pain , and his soul within him shall mourn .
15 : 21 A dreadful sound is in his ears : in prosperity the destroyer shall come upon him .
15 : 22 He believeth not that he shall return out of darkness , and he is waited for of the sword .
15 : 24 Trouble and anguish shall make him afraid ; they shall prevail against him , as a king ready to the battle .
15 : 29 He shall not be rich , neither shall his substance continue , neither shall he prolong the perfection thereof upon the earth .
15 : 30 He shall not depart out of darkness ; the flame shall dry up his branches , and by the breath of his mouth shall he go away .
15 : 31 Let not him that is deceived trust in vanity : for vanity shall be his recompence .
15 : 32 It shall be accomplished before his time , and his branch shall not be green .
15 : 33 He shall shake off his unripe grape as the vine , and shall cast off his flower as the olive .
15 : 34 For the congregation of hypocrites shall be desolate , and fire shall consume the tabernacles of bribery .
16 : 3 Shall vain words have an end ?
16 : 22 When a few years are come , then I shall go the way whence I shall not return .
17 : 5 He that speaketh flattery to his friends , even the eyes of his children shall fail .
17 : 8 Upright men shall be astonied at this , and the innocent shall stir up himself against the hypocrite .
17 : 9 The righteous also shall hold on his way , and he that hath clean hands shall be stronger and stronger .
as for my hope , who shall see it ?
17 : 16 They shall go down to the bars of the pit , when our rest together is in the dust .
18 : 4 He teareth himself in his anger : shall the earth be forsaken for thee ?
and shall the rock be removed out of his place ?
18 : 5 Yea , the light of the wicked shall be put out , and the spark of his fire shall not shine .
18 : 6 The light shall be dark in his tabernacle , and his candle shall be put out with him .
18 : 7 The steps of his strength shall be straitened , and his own counsel shall cast him down .
18 : 9 The gin shall take him by the heel , and the robber shall prevail against him .
18 : 11 Terrors shall make him afraid on every side , and shall drive him to his feet .
18 : 12 His strength shall be hungerbitten , and destruction shall be ready at his side .
18 : 13 It shall devour the strength of his skin : even the firstborn of death shall devour his strength .
18 : 14 His confidence shall be rooted out of his tabernacle , and it shall bring him to the king of terrors .
18 : 15 It shall dwell in his tabernacle , because it is none of his : brimstone shall be scattered upon his habitation .
18 : 16 His roots shall be dried up beneath , and above shall his branch be cut off .
18 : 17 His remembrance shall perish from the earth , and he shall have no name in the street .
18 : 18 He shall be driven from light into darkness , and chased out of the world .
18 : 19 He shall neither have son nor nephew among his people , nor any remaining in his dwellings .
18 : 20 They that come after him shall be astonied at his day , as they that went before were affrighted .
19 : 25 For I know that my redeemer liveth , and that he shall stand at the latter day upon the earth : 19 : 26 And though after my skin worms destroy this body , yet in my flesh shall I see God : 19 : 27 Whom I shall see for myself , and mine eyes shall behold , and not another ; though my reins be consumed within me .
20 : 6 Though his excellency mount up to the heavens , and his head reach unto the clouds ; 20 : 7 Yet he shall perish for ever like his own dung : they which have seen him shall say , Where is he ?
20 : 8 He shall fly away as a dream , and shall not be found : yea , he shall be chased away as a vision of the night .
20 : 9 The eye also which saw him shall see him no more ; neither shall his place any more behold him .
20 : 10 His children shall seek to please the poor , and his hands shall restore their goods .
20 : 11 His bones are full of the sin of his youth , which shall lie down with him in the dust .
20 : 15 He hath swallowed down riches , and he shall vomit them up again : God shall cast them out of his belly .
20 : 16 He shall suck the poison of asps : the viper ' s tongue shall slay him .
20 : 17 He shall not see the rivers , the floods , the brooks of honey and butter .
20 : 18 That which he laboured for shall he restore , and shall not swallow it down : according to his substance shall the restitution be , and he shall not rejoice therein .
20 : 19 Because he hath oppressed and hath forsaken the poor ; because he hath violently taken away an house which he builded not ; 20 : 20 Surely he shall not feel quietness in his belly , he shall not save of that which he desired .
20 : 21 There shall none of his meat be left ; therefore shall no man look for his goods .
20 : 22 In the fulness of his sufficiency he shall be in straits : every hand of the wicked shall come upon him .
20 : 23 When he is about to fill his belly , God shall cast the fury of his wrath upon him , and shall rain it upon him while he is eating .
20 : 24 He shall flee from the iron weapon , and the bow of steel shall strike him through .
20 : 26 All darkness shall be hid in his secret places : a fire not blown shall consume him ; it shall go ill with him that is left in his tabernacle .
20 : 27 The heaven shall reveal his iniquity ; and the earth shall rise up against him .
20 : 28 The increase of his house shall depart , and his goods shall flow away in the day of his wrath .
21 : 19 God layeth up his iniquity for his children : he rewardeth him , and he shall know it .
21 : 20 His eyes shall see his destruction , and he shall drink of the wrath of the Almighty .
21 : 22 Shall any teach God knowledge ?
21 : 26 They shall lie down alike in the dust , and the worms shall cover them .
they shall be brought forth to the day of wrath .
21 : 31 Who shall declare his way to his face ?
and who shall repay him what he hath done ?
21 : 32 Yet shall he be brought to the grave , and shall remain in the tomb .
21 : 33 The clods of the valley shall be sweet unto him , and every man shall draw after him , as there are innumerable before him .
22 : 21 Acquaint now thyself with him , and be at peace : thereby good shall come unto thee .
22 : 25 Yea , the Almighty shall be thy defence , and thou shalt have plenty of silver .
22 : 27 Thou shalt make thy prayer unto him , and he shall hear thee , and thou shalt pay thy vows .
22 : 28 Thou shalt also decree a thing , and it shall be established unto thee : and the light shall shine upon thy ways .
22 : 29 When men are cast down , then thou shalt say , There is lifting up ; and he shall save the humble person .
22 : 30 He shall deliver the island of the innocent : and it is delivered by the pureness of thine hands .
23 : 8 Behold , I go forward , but he is not there ; and backward , but I cannot perceive him : 23 : 9 On the left hand , where he doth work , but I cannot behold him : he hideth himself on the right hand , that I cannot see him : 23 : 10 But he knoweth the way that I take : when he hath tried me , I shall come forth as gold .
24 : 15 The eye also of the adulterer waiteth for the twilight , saying , No eye shall see me : and disguiseth his face .
24 : 20 The womb shall forget him ; the worm shall feed sweetly on him ; he shall be no more remembered ; and wickedness shall be broken as a tree .
27 : 1 Moreover Job continued his parable , and said , 27 : 2 As God liveth , who hath taken away my judgment ; and the Almighty , who hath vexed my soul ; 27 : 3 All the while my breath is in me , and the spirit of God is in my nostrils ; 27 : 4 My lips shall not speak wickedness , nor my tongue utter deceit .
27 : 6 My righteousness I hold fast , and will not let it go : my heart shall not reproach me so long as I live .
27 : 13 This is the portion of a wicked man with God , and the heritage of oppressors , which they shall receive of the Almighty .
27 : 14 If his children be multiplied , it is for the sword : and his offspring shall not be satisfied with bread .
27 : 15 Those that remain of him shall be buried in death : and his widows shall not weep .
27 : 16 Though he heap up silver as the dust , and prepare raiment as the clay ; 27 : 17 He may prepare it , but the just shall put it on , and the innocent shall divide the silver .
27 : 19 The rich man shall lie down , but he shall not be gathered : he openeth his eyes , and he is not .
27 : 22 For God shall cast upon him , and not spare : he would fain flee out of his hand .
27 : 23 Men shall clap their hands at him , and shall hiss him out of his place .
28 : 12 But where shall wisdom be found ?
28 : 15 It cannot be gotten for gold , neither shall silver be weighed for the price thereof .
28 : 17 The gold and the crystal cannot equal it : and the exchange of it shall not be for jewels of fine gold .
28 : 18 No mention shall be made of coral , or of pearls : for the price of wisdom is above rubies .
28 : 19 The topaz of Ethiopia shall not equal it , neither shall it be valued with pure gold .
29 : 18 Then I said , I shall die in my nest , and I shall multiply my days as the sand .
31 : 13 If I did despise the cause of my manservant or of my maidservant , when they contended with me ; 31 : 14 What then shall I do when God riseth up ?
and when he visiteth , what shall I answer him ?
33 : 3 My words shall be of the uprightness of my heart : and my lips shall utter knowledge clearly .
33 : 7 Behold , my terror shall not make thee afraid , neither shall my hand be heavy upon thee .
33 : 25 His flesh shall be fresher than a child ' s : he shall return to the days of his youth : 33 : 26 He shall pray unto God , and he will be favourable unto him : and he shall see his face with joy : for he will render unto man his righteousness .
33 : 27 He looketh upon men , and if any say , I have sinned , and perverted that which was right , and it profited me not ; 33 : 28 He will deliver his soul from going into the pit , and his life shall see the light .
33 : 33 If not , hearken unto me : hold thy peace , and I shall teach thee wisdom .
34 : 11 For the work of a man shall he render unto him , and cause every man to find according to his ways .
34 : 14 If he set his heart upon man , if he gather unto himself his spirit and his breath ; 34 : 15 All flesh shall perish together , and man shall turn again unto dust .
34 : 17 Shall even he that hateth right govern ?
34 : 20 In a moment shall they die , and the people shall be troubled at midnight , and pass away : and the mighty shall be taken away without hand .
34 : 24 He shall break in pieces mighty men without number , and set others in their stead .
and , What profit shall I have , if I be cleansed from my sin ?
36 : 4 For truly my words shall not be false : he that is perfect in knowledge is with thee .
36 : 11 If they obey and serve him , they shall spend their days in prosperity , and their years in pleasures .
36 : 12 But if they obey not , they shall perish by the sword , and they shall die without knowledge .
37 : 19 Teach us what we shall say unto him ; for we cannot order our speech by reason of darkness .
37 : 20 Shall it be told him that I speak ?
if a man speak , surely he shall be swallowed up .
38 : 9 When I made the cloud the garment thereof , and thick darkness a swaddlingband for it , 38 : 10 And brake up for it my decreed place , and set bars and doors , 38 : 11 And said , Hitherto shalt thou come , but no further : and here shall thy proud waves be stayed ?
38 : 15 And from the wicked their light is withholden , and the high arm shall be broken .
40 : 1 Moreover the LORD answered Job , and said , 40 : 2 Shall he that contendeth with the Almighty instruct him ?
40 : 3 Then Job answered the LORD , and said , 40 : 4 Behold , I am vile ; what shall I answer thee ?
41 : 6 Shall the companions make a banquet of him ?
shall they part him among the merchants ?
41 : 9 Behold , the hope of him is in vain : shall not one be cast down even at the sight of him ?
42 : 8 Therefore take unto you now seven bullocks and seven rams , and go to my servant Job , and offer up for yourselves a burnt offering ; and my servant Job shall pray for you : for him will I accept : lest I deal with you after your folly , in that ye have not spoken of me the thing which is right , like my servant Job .
1 : 3 And he shall be like a tree planted by the rivers of water , that bringeth forth his fruit in his season ; his leaf also shall not wither ; and whatsoever he doeth shall prosper .
1 : 5 Therefore the ungodly shall not stand in the judgment , nor sinners in the congregation of the righteous .
1 : 6 For the LORD knoweth the way of the righteous : but the way of the ungodly shall perish .
2 : 4 He that sitteth in the heavens shall laugh : the LORD shall have them in derision .
2 : 5 Then shall he speak unto them in his wrath , and vex them in his sore displeasure .
2 : 8 Ask of me , and I shall give thee the heathen for thine inheritance , and the uttermost parts of the earth for thy possession .
5 : 4 For thou art not a God that hath pleasure in wickedness : neither shall evil dwell with thee .
5 : 5 The foolish shall not stand in thy sight : thou hatest all workers of iniquity .
6 : 5 For in death there is no remembrance of thee : in the grave who shall give thee thanks ?
7 : 7 So shall the congregation of the people compass thee about : for their sakes therefore return thou on high .
7 : 8 The LORD shall judge the people : judge me , O LORD , according to my righteousness , and according to mine integrity that is in me .
7 : 16 His mischief shall return upon his own head , and his violent dealing shall come down upon his own pate .
9 : 3 When mine enemies are turned back , they shall fall and perish at thy presence .
9 : 7 But the LORD shall endure for ever : he hath prepared his throne for judgment .
9 : 8 And he shall judge the world in righteousness , he shall minister judgment to the people in uprightness .
9 : 17 The wicked shall be turned into hell , and all the nations that forget God .
9 : 18 For the needy shall not alway be forgotten : the expectation of the poor shall not perish for ever .
10 : 6 He hath said in his heart , I shall not be moved : for I shall never be in adversity .
11 : 6 Upon the wicked he shall rain snares , fire and brimstone , and an horrible tempest : this shall be the portion of their cup .
12 : 3 The LORD shall cut off all flattering lips , and the tongue that speaketh proud things :
13 : 2 How long shall I take counsel in my soul , having sorrow in my heart daily ?
how long shall mine enemy be exalted over me ?
13 : 5 But I have trusted in thy mercy ; my heart shall rejoice in thy salvation .
when the LORD bringeth back the captivity of his people , Jacob shall rejoice , and Israel shall be glad .
15 : 1 Lord , who shall abide in thy tabernacle ?
who shall dwell in thy holy hill ?
He that doeth these things shall never be moved .
16 : 4 Their sorrows shall be multiplied that hasten after another god : their drink offerings of blood will I not offer , nor take up their names into my lips .
16 : 8 I have set the LORD always before me : because he is at my right hand , I shall not be moved .
16 : 9 Therefore my heart is glad , and my glory rejoiceth : my flesh also shall rest in hope .
17 : 3 Thou hast proved mine heart ; thou hast visited me in the night ; thou hast tried me , and shalt find nothing ; I am purposed that my mouth shall not transgress .
17 : 15 As for me , I will behold thy face in righteousness : I shall be satisfied , when I awake , with thy likeness .
18 : 3 I will call upon the LORD , who is worthy to be praised : so shall I be saved from mine enemies .
18 : 43 Thou hast delivered me from the strivings of the people ; and thou hast made me the head of the heathen : a people whom I have not known shall serve me .
18 : 44 As soon as they hear of me , they shall obey me : the strangers shall submit themselves unto me .
18 : 45 The strangers shall fade away , and be afraid out of their close places .
19 : 13 Keep back thy servant also from presumptuous sins ; let them not have dominion over me : then shall I be upright , and I shall be innocent from the great transgression .
21 : 1 The king shall joy in thy strength , O LORD ; and in thy salvation how greatly shall he rejoice !
21 : 7 For the king trusteth in the LORD , and through the mercy of the most High he shall not be moved .
21 : 8 Thine hand shall find out all thine enemies : thy right hand shall find out those that hate thee .
21 : 9 Thou shalt make them as a fiery oven in the time of thine anger : the LORD shall swallow them up in his wrath , and the fire shall devour them .
22 : 25 My praise shall be of thee in the great congregation : I will pay my vows before them that fear him .
22 : 26 The meek shall eat and be satisfied : they shall praise the LORD that seek him : your heart shall live for ever .
22 : 27 All the ends of the world shall remember and turn unto the LORD : and all the kindreds of the nations shall worship before thee .
22 : 29 All they that be fat upon earth shall eat and worship : all they that go down to the dust shall bow before him : and none can keep alive his own soul .
22 : 30 A seed shall serve him ; it shall be accounted to the Lord for a generation .
22 : 31 They shall come , and shall declare his righteousness unto a people that shall be born , that he hath done this .
23 : 1 The LORD is my shepherd ; I shall not want .
23 : 6 Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life : and I will dwell in the house of the LORD for ever .
24 : 3 Who shall ascend into the hill of the LORD ?
or who shall stand in his holy place ?
24 : 5 He shall receive the blessing from the LORD , and righteousness from the God of his salvation .
24 : 7 Lift up your heads , O ye gates ; and be ye lift up , ye everlasting doors ; and the King of glory shall come in .
24 : 9 Lift up your heads , O ye gates ; even lift them up , ye everlasting doors ; and the King of glory shall come in .
him shall he teach in the way that he shall choose .
25 : 13 His soul shall dwell at ease ; and his seed shall inherit the earth .
25 : 15 Mine eyes are ever toward the LORD ; for he shall pluck my feet out of the net .
26 : 1 Judge me , O LORD ; for I have walked in mine integrity : I have trusted also in the LORD ; therefore I shall not slide .
27 : 1 The LORD is my light and my salvation ; whom shall I fear ?
the LORD is the strength of my life ; of whom shall I be afraid ?
27 : 3 Though an host should encamp against me , my heart shall not fear : though war should rise against me , in this will I be confident .
27 : 5 For in the time of trouble he shall hide me in his pavilion : in the secret of his tabernacle shall he hide me ; he shall set me up upon a rock .
27 : 6 And now shall mine head be lifted up above mine enemies round about me : therefore will I offer in his tabernacle sacrifices of joy ; I will sing , yea , I will sing praises unto the LORD .
27 : 14 Wait on the LORD : be of good courage , and he shall strengthen thine heart : wait , I say , on the LORD .
28 : 5 Because they regard not the works of the LORD , nor the operation of his hands , he shall destroy them , and not build them up .
30 : 6 And in my prosperity I said , I shall never be moved .
Shall the dust praise thee ?
shall it declare thy truth ?
31 : 24 Be of good courage , and he shall strengthen your heart , all ye that hope in the LORD .
32 : 6 For this shall every one that is godly pray unto thee in a time when thou mayest be found : surely in the floods of great waters they shall not come nigh unto him .
32 : 10 Many sorrows shall be to the wicked : but he that trusteth in the LORD , mercy shall compass him about .
33 : 17 An horse is a vain thing for safety : neither shall he deliver any by his great strength .
33 : 21 For our heart shall rejoice in him , because we have trusted in his holy name .
34 : 1 I will bless the LORD at all times : his praise shall continually be in my mouth .
34 : 2 My soul shall make her boast in the LORD : the humble shall hear thereof , and be glad .
34 : 10 The young lions do lack , and suffer hunger : but they that seek the LORD shall not want any good thing .
34 : 21 Evil shall slay the wicked : and they that hate the righteous shall be desolate .
34 : 22 The LORD redeemeth the soul of his servants : and none of them that trust in him shall be desolate .
35 : 9 And my soul shall be joyful in the LORD : it shall rejoice in his salvation .
35 : 10 All my bones shall say , LORD , who is like unto thee , which deliverest the poor from him that is too strong for him , yea , the poor and the needy from him that spoileth him ?
35 : 28 And my tongue shall speak of thy righteousness and of thy praise all the day long .
36 : 8 They shall be abundantly satisfied with the fatness of thy house ; and thou shalt make them drink of the river of thy pleasures .
36 : 9 For with thee is the fountain of life : in thy light shall we see light .
36 : 12 There are the workers of iniquity fallen : they are cast down , and shall not be able to rise .
37 : 2 For they shall soon be cut down like the grass , and wither as the green herb .
37 : 4 Delight thyself also in the LORD : and he shall give thee the desires of thine heart .
37 : 5 Commit thy way unto the LORD ; trust also in him ; and he shall bring it to pass .
37 : 6 And he shall bring forth thy righteousness as the light , and thy judgment as the noonday .
37 : 9 For evildoers shall be cut off : but those that wait upon the LORD , they shall inherit the earth .
37 : 10 For yet a little while , and the wicked shall not be : yea , thou shalt diligently consider his place , and it shall not be .
37 : 11 But the meek shall inherit the earth ; and shall delight themselves in the abundance of peace .
37 : 13 The LORD shall laugh at him : for he seeth that his day is coming .
37 : 15 Their sword shall enter into their own heart , and their bows shall be broken .
37 : 17 For the arms of the wicked shall be broken : but the LORD upholdeth the righteous .
37 : 18 The LORD knoweth the days of the upright : and their inheritance shall be for ever .
37 : 19 They shall not be ashamed in the evil time : and in the days of famine they shall be satisfied .
37 : 20 But the wicked shall perish , and the enemies of the LORD shall be as the fat of lambs : they shall consume ; into smoke shall they consume away .
37 : 22 For such as be blessed of him shall inherit the earth ; and they that be cursed of him shall be cut off .
37 : 24 Though he fall , he shall not be utterly cast down : for the LORD upholdeth him with his hand .
37 : 28 For the LORD loveth judgment , and forsaketh not his saints ; they are preserved for ever : but the seed of the wicked shall be cut off .
37 : 29 The righteous shall inherit the land , and dwell therein for ever .
37 : 31 The law of his God is in his heart ; none of his steps shall slide .
37 : 34 Wait on the LORD , and keep his way , and he shall exalt thee to inherit the land : when the wicked are cut off , thou shalt see it .
37 : 38 But the transgressors shall be destroyed together : the end of the wicked shall be cut off .
37 : 40 And the LORD shall help them , and deliver them : he shall deliver them from the wicked , and save them , because they trust in him .
39 : 6 Surely every man walketh in a vain shew : surely they are disquieted in vain : he heapeth up riches , and knoweth not who shall gather them .
40 : 3 And he hath put a new song in my mouth , even praise unto our God : many shall see it , and fear , and shall trust in the LORD .
41 : 2 The LORD will preserve him , and keep him alive ; and he shall be blessed upon the earth : and thou wilt not deliver him unto the will of his enemies .
41 : 5 Mine enemies speak evil of me , When shall he die , and his name perish ?
41 : 8 An evil disease , say they , cleaveth fast unto him : and now that he lieth he shall rise up no more .
42 : 2 My soul thirsteth for God , for the living God : when shall I come and appear before God ?
hope thou in God : for I shall yet praise him for the help of his countenance .
42 : 8 Yet the LORD will command his lovingkindness in the day time , and in the night his song shall be with me , and my prayer unto the God of my life .
hope thou in God : for I shall yet praise him , who is the health of my countenance , and my God .
hope in God : for I shall yet praise him , who is the health of my countenance , and my God .
44 : 6 For I will not trust in my bow , neither shall my sword save me .
44 : 21 Shall not God search this out ?
45 : 4 And in thy majesty ride prosperously because of truth and meekness and righteousness ; and thy right hand shall teach thee terrible things .
45 : 11 So shall the king greatly desire thy beauty : for he is thy Lord ; and worship thou him .
45 : 12 And the daughter of Tyre shall be there with a gift ; even the rich among the people shall intreat thy favour .
45 : 14 She shall be brought unto the king in raiment of needlework : the virgins her companions that follow her shall be brought unto thee .
45 : 15 With gladness and rejoicing shall they be brought : they shall enter into the king ' s palace .
45 : 16 Instead of thy fathers shall be thy children , whom thou mayest make princes in all the earth .
45 : 17 I will make thy name to be remembered in all generations : therefore shall the people praise thee for ever and ever .
46 : 4 There is a river , the streams whereof shall make glad the city of God , the holy place of the tabernacles of the most High .
46 : 5 God is in the midst of her ; she shall not be moved : God shall help her , and that right early .
47 : 3 He shall subdue the people under us , and the nations under our feet .
47 : 4 He shall choose our inheritance for us , the excellency of Jacob whom he loved .
49 : 3 My mouth shall speak of wisdom ; and the meditation of my heart shall be of understanding .
49 : 5 Wherefore should I fear in the days of evil , when the iniquity of my heels shall compass me about ?
49 : 11 Their inward thought is , that their houses shall continue for ever , and their dwelling places to all generations ; they call their lands after their own names .
49 : 14 Like sheep they are laid in the grave ; death shall feed on them ; and the upright shall have dominion over them in the morning ; and their beauty shall consume in the grave from their dwelling .
49 : 15 But God will redeem my soul from the power of the grave : for he shall receive me .
49 : 17 For when he dieth he shall carry nothing away : his glory shall not descend after him .
49 : 19 He shall go to the generation of his fathers ; they shall never see light .
50 : 3 Our God shall come , and shall not keep silence : a fire shall devour before him , and it shall be very tempestuous round about him .
50 : 4 He shall call to the heavens from above , and to the earth , that he may judge his people .
50 : 6 And the heavens shall declare his righteousness : for God is judge himself .
51 : 7 Purge me with hyssop , and I shall be clean : wash me , and I shall be whiter than snow .
51 : 13 Then will I teach transgressors thy ways ; and sinners shall be converted unto thee .
51 : 14 Deliver me from bloodguiltiness , O God , thou God of my salvation : and my tongue shall sing aloud of thy righteousness .
51 : 15 O Lord , open thou my lips ; and my mouth shall shew forth thy praise .
51 : 19 Then shalt thou be pleased with the sacrifices of righteousness , with burnt offering and whole burnt offering : then shall they offer bullocks upon thine altar .
52 : 5 God shall likewise destroy thee for ever , he shall take thee away , and pluck thee out of thy dwelling place , and root thee out of the land of the living .
52 : 6 The righteous also shall see , and fear , and shall laugh at him :
When God bringeth back the captivity of his people , Jacob shall rejoice , and Israel shall be glad .
54 : 5 He shall reward evil unto mine enemies : cut them off in thy truth .
55 : 16 As for me , I will call upon God ; and the LORD shall save me .
55 : 17 Evening , and morning , and at noon , will I pray , and cry aloud : and he shall hear my voice .
55 : 19 God shall hear , and afflict them , even he that abideth of old .
55 : 22 Cast thy burden upon the LORD , and he shall sustain thee : he shall never suffer the righteous to be moved .
55 : 23 But thou , O God , shalt bring them down into the pit of destruction : bloody and deceitful men shall not live out half their days ; but I will trust in thee .
56 : 7 Shall they escape by iniquity ?
56 : 9 When I cry unto thee , then shall mine enemies turn back : this I know ; for God is for me .
57 : 3 He shall send from heaven , and save me from the reproach of him that would swallow me up .
God shall send forth his mercy and his truth .
58 : 9 Before your pots can feel the thorns , he shall take them away as with a whirlwind , both living , and in his wrath .
58 : 10 The righteous shall rejoice when he seeth the vengeance : he shall wash his feet in the blood of the wicked .
58 : 11 So that a man shall say , Verily there is a reward for the righteous : verily he is a God that judgeth in the earth .
59 : 10 The God of my mercy shall prevent me : God shall let me see my desire upon mine enemies .
60 : 12 Through God we shall do valiantly : for he it is that shall tread down our enemies .
61 : 7 He shall abide before God for ever : O prepare mercy and truth , which may preserve him .
62 : 2 He only is my rock and my salvation ; he is my defence ; I shall not be greatly moved .
ye shall be slain all of you : as a bowing wall shall ye be , and as a tottering fence .
62 : 6 He only is my rock and my salvation : he is my defence ; I shall not be moved .
63 : 3 Because thy lovingkindness is better than life , my lips shall praise thee .
63 : 5 My soul shall be satisfied as with marrow and fatness ; and my mouth shall praise thee with joyful lips :
63 : 9 But those that seek my soul , to destroy it , shall go into the lower parts of the earth .
63 : 10 They shall fall by the sword : they shall be a portion for foxes .
63 : 11 But the king shall rejoice in God ; every one that sweareth by him shall glory : but the mouth of them that speak lies shall be stopped .
64 : 5 They encourage themselves in an evil matter : they commune of laying snares privily ; they say , Who shall see them ?
64 : 7 But God shall shoot at them with an arrow ; suddenly shall they be wounded .
64 : 8 So they shall make their own tongue to fall upon themselves : all that see them shall flee away .
64 : 9 And all men shall fear , and shall declare the work of God ; for they shall wisely consider of his doing .
64 : 10 The righteous shall be glad in the LORD , and shall trust in him ; and all the upright in heart shall glory .
65 : 1 Praise waiteth for thee , O God , in Sion : and unto thee shall the vow be performed .
65 : 2 O thou that hearest prayer , unto thee shall all flesh come .
65 : 4 Blessed is the man whom thou choosest , and causest to approach unto thee , that he may dwell in thy courts : we shall be satisfied with the goodness of thy house , even of thy holy temple .
through the greatness of thy power shall thine enemies submit themselves unto thee .
66 : 4 All the earth shall worship thee , and shall sing unto thee ; they shall sing to thy name .
67 : 6 Then shall the earth yield her increase ; and God , even our own God , shall bless us .
67 : 7 God shall bless us ; and all the ends of the earth shall fear him .
68 : 13 Though ye have lien among the pots , yet shall ye be as the wings of a dove covered with silver , and her feathers with yellow gold .
68 : 21 But God shall wound the head of his enemies , and the hairy scalp of such an one as goeth on still in his trespasses .
68 : 29 Because of thy temple at Jerusalem shall kings bring presents unto thee .
68 : 31 Princes shall come out of Egypt ; Ethiopia shall soon stretch out her hands unto God .
69 : 31 This also shall please the LORD better than an ox or bullock that hath horns and hoofs .
69 : 32 The humble shall see this , and be glad : and your heart shall live that seek God .
69 : 36 The seed also of his servants shall inherit it : and they that love his name shall dwell therein .
71 : 6 By thee have I been holden up from the womb : thou art he that took me out of my mother ' s bowels : my praise shall be continually of thee .
71 : 15 My mouth shall shew forth thy righteousness and thy salvation all the day ; for I know not the numbers thereof .
71 : 23 My lips shall greatly rejoice when I sing unto thee ; and my soul , which thou hast redeemed .
71 : 24 My tongue also shall talk of thy righteousness all the day long : for they are confounded , for they are brought unto shame , that seek my hurt .
72 : 2 He shall judge thy people with righteousness , and thy poor with judgment .
72 : 3 The mountains shall bring peace to the people , and the little hills , by righteousness .
72 : 4 He shall judge the poor of the people , he shall save the children of the needy , and shall break in pieces the oppressor .
72 : 5 They shall fear thee as long as the sun and moon endure , throughout all generations .
72 : 6 He shall come down like rain upon the mown grass : as showers that water the earth .
72 : 7 In his days shall the righteous flourish ; and abundance of peace so long as the moon endureth .
72 : 8 He shall have dominion also from sea to sea , and from the river unto the ends of the earth .
72 : 9 They that dwell in the wilderness shall bow before him ; and his enemies shall lick the dust .
72 : 10 The kings of Tarshish and of the isles shall bring presents : the kings of Sheba and Seba shall offer gifts .
72 : 11 Yea , all kings shall fall down before him : all nations shall serve him .
72 : 12 For he shall deliver the needy when he crieth ; the poor also , and him that hath no helper .
72 : 13 He shall spare the poor and needy , and shall save the souls of the needy .
72 : 14 He shall redeem their soul from deceit and violence : and precious shall their blood be in his sight .
72 : 15 And he shall live , and to him shall be given of the gold of Sheba : prayer also shall be made for him continually ; and daily shall he be praised .
72 : 16 There shall be an handful of corn in the earth upon the top of the mountains ; the fruit thereof shall shake like Lebanon : and they of the city shall flourish like grass of the earth .
72 : 17 His name shall endure for ever : his name shall be continued as long as the sun : and men shall be blessed in him : all nations shall call him blessed .
73 : 27 For , lo , they that are far from thee shall perish : thou hast destroyed all them that go a whoring from thee .
74 : 10 O God , how long shall the adversary reproach ?
shall the enemy blaspheme thy name for ever ?
75 : 2 When I shall receive the congregation I will judge uprightly .
75 : 8 For in the hand of the LORD there is a cup , and the wine is red ; it is full of mixture ; and he poureth out of the same : but the dregs thereof , all the wicked of the earth shall wring them out , and drink them .
75 : 10 All the horns of the wicked also will I cut off ; but the horns of the righteous shall be exalted .
76 : 10 Surely the wrath of man shall praise thee : the remainder of wrath shalt thou restrain .
76 : 12 He shall cut off the spirit of princes : he is terrible to the kings of the earth .
shall thy jealousy burn like fire ?
80 : 3 Turn us again , O God , and cause thy face to shine ; and we shall be saved .
80 : 7 Turn us again , O God of hosts , and cause thy face to shine ; and we shall be saved .
80 : 19 Turn us again , O LORD God of hosts , cause thy face to shine ; and we shall be saved .
81 : 9 There shall no strange god be in thee ; neither shalt thou worship any strange god .
82 : 7 But ye shall die like men , and fall like one of the princes .
85 : 11 Truth shall spring out of the earth ; and righteousness shall look down from heaven .
85 : 12 Yea , the LORD shall give that which is good ; and our land shall yield her increase .
85 : 13 Righteousness shall go before him ; and shall set us in the way of his steps .
86 : 9 All nations whom thou hast made shall come and worship before thee , O Lord ; and shall glorify thy name .
87 : 5 And of Zion it shall be said , This and that man was born in her : and the highest himself shall establish her .
87 : 6 The LORD shall count , when he writeth up the people , that this man was born there .
87 : 7 As well the singers as the players on instruments shall be there : all my springs are in thee .
shall the dead arise and praise thee ?
88 : 11 Shall thy lovingkindness be declared in the grave ?
88 : 12 Shall thy wonders be known in the dark ?
88 : 13 But unto thee have I cried , O LORD ; and in the morning shall my prayer prevent thee .
89 : 2 For I have said , Mercy shall be built up for ever : thy faithfulness shalt thou establish in the very heavens .
89 : 5 And the heavens shall praise thy wonders , O LORD : thy faithfulness also in the congregation of the saints .
89 : 12 The north and the south thou hast created them : Tabor and Hermon shall rejoice in thy name .
89 : 14 Justice and judgment are the habitation of thy throne : mercy and truth shall go before thy face .
89 : 15 Blessed is the people that know the joyful sound : they shall walk , O LORD , in the light of thy countenance .
89 : 16 In thy name shall they rejoice all the day : and in thy righteousness shall they be exalted .
89 : 17 For thou art the glory of their strength : and in thy favour our horn shall be exalted .
89 : 21 With whom my hand shall be established : mine arm also shall strengthen him .
89 : 22 The enemy shall not exact upon him ; nor the son of wickedness afflict him .
89 : 24 But my faithfulness and my mercy shall be with him : and in my name shall his horn be exalted .
89 : 26 He shall cry unto me , Thou art my father , my God , and the rock of my salvation .
89 : 28 My mercy will I keep for him for evermore , and my covenant shall stand fast with him .
89 : 36 His seed shall endure for ever , and his throne as the sun before me .
89 : 37 It shall be established for ever as the moon , and as a faithful witness in heaven .
shall thy wrath burn like fire ?
89 : 48 What man is he that liveth , and shall not see death ?
shall he deliver his soul from the hand of the grave ?
91 : 1 He that dwelleth in the secret place of the most High shall abide under the shadow of the Almighty .
91 : 3 Surely he shall deliver thee from the snare of the fowler , and from the noisome pestilence .
91 : 4 He shall cover thee with his feathers , and under his wings shalt thou trust : his truth shall be thy shield and buckler .
91 : 7 A thousand shall fall at thy side , and ten thousand at thy right hand ; but it shall not come nigh thee .
91 : 10 There shall no evil befall thee , neither shall any plague come nigh thy dwelling .
91 : 11 For he shall give his angels charge over thee , to keep thee in all thy ways .
91 : 12 They shall bear thee up in their hands , lest thou dash thy foot against a stone .
91 : 15 He shall call upon me , and I will answer him : I will be with him in trouble ; I will deliver him , and honour him .
92 : 7 When the wicked spring as the grass , and when all the workers of iniquity do flourish ; it is that they shall be destroyed for ever :
92 : 9 For , lo , thine enemies , O LORD , for , lo , thine enemies shall perish ; all the workers of iniquity shall be scattered .
92 : 10 But my horn shalt thou exalt like the horn of an unicorn : I shall be anointed with fresh oil .
92 : 11 Mine eye also shall see my desire on mine enemies , and mine ears shall hear my desire of the wicked that rise up against me .
92 : 12 The righteous shall flourish like the palm tree : he shall grow like a cedar in Lebanon .
92 : 13 Those that be planted in the house of the LORD shall flourish in the courts of our God .
92 : 14 They shall still bring forth fruit in old age ; they shall be fat and flourishing ;
94 : 3 LORD , how long shall the wicked , how long shall the wicked triumph ?
94 : 4 How long shall they utter and speak hard things ?
94 : 7 Yet they say , The LORD shall not see , neither shall the God of Jacob regard it .
94 : 9 He that planted the ear , shall he not hear ?
he that formed the eye , shall he not see ?
94 : 10 He that chastiseth the heathen , shall not he correct ?
he that teacheth man knowledge , shall not he know ?
94 : 15 But judgment shall return unto righteousness : and all the upright in heart shall follow it .
94 : 20 Shall the throne of iniquity have fellowship with thee , which frameth mischief by a law ?
94 : 23 And he shall bring upon them their own iniquity , and shall cut them off in their own wickedness ; yea , the LORD our God shall cut them off .
96 : 10 Say among the heathen that the LORD reigneth : the world also shall be established that it shall not be moved : he shall judge the people righteously .
96 : 12 Let the field be joyful , and all that is therein : then shall all the trees of the wood rejoice
96 : 13 Before the LORD : for he cometh , for he cometh to judge the earth : he shall judge the world with righteousness , and the people with his truth .
98 : 9 Before the LORD ; for he cometh to judge the earth : with righteousness shall he judge the world , and the people with equity .
101 : 3 I will set no wicked thing before mine eyes : I hate the work of them that turn aside ; it shall not cleave to me .
101 : 4 A froward heart shall depart from me : I will not know a wicked person .
101 : 6 Mine eyes shall be upon the faithful of the land , that they may dwell with me : he that walketh in a perfect way , he shall serve me .
101 : 7 He that worketh deceit shall not dwell within my house : he that telleth lies shall not tarry in my sight .
102 : 12 But thou , O LORD , shall endure for ever ; and thy remembrance unto all generations .
102 : 15 So the heathen shall fear the name of the LORD , and all the kings of the earth thy glory .
102 : 16 When the LORD shall build up Zion , he shall appear in his glory .
102 : 18 This shall be written for the generation to come : and the people which shall be created shall praise the LORD .
102 : 26 They shall perish , but thou shalt endure : yea , all of them shall wax old like a garment ; as a vesture shalt thou change them , and they shall be changed :
102 : 27 But thou art the same , and thy years shall have no end .
102 : 28 The children of thy servants shall continue , and their seed shall be established before thee .
103 : 16 For the wind passeth over it , and it is gone ; and the place thereof shall know it no more .
104 : 12 By them shall the fowls of the heaven have their habitation , which sing among the branches .
104 : 31 The glory of the LORD shall endure for ever : the LORD shall rejoice in his works .
104 : 34 My meditation of him shall be sweet : I will be glad in the LORD .
107 : 42 The righteous shall see it , and rejoice : and all iniquity shall stop her mouth .
107 : 43 Whoso is wise , and will observe these things , even they shall understand the lovingkindness of the LORD .
108 : 13 Through God we shall do valiantly : for he it is that shall tread down our enemies .
109 : 7 When he shall be judged , let him be condemned : and let his prayer become sin .
109 : 31 For he shall stand at the right hand of the poor , to save him from those that condemn his soul .
110 : 2 The LORD shall send the rod of thy strength out of Zion : rule thou in the midst of thine enemies .
110 : 3 Thy people shall be willing in the day of thy power , in the beauties of holiness from the womb of the morning : thou hast the dew of thy youth .
110 : 5 The Lord at thy right hand shall strike through kings in the day of his wrath .
110 : 6 He shall judge among the heathen , he shall fill the places with the dead bodies ; he shall wound the heads over many countries .
110 : 7 He shall drink of the brook in the way : therefore shall he lift up the head .
112 : 2 His seed shall be mighty upon earth : the generation of the upright shall be blessed .
112 : 3 Wealth and riches shall be in his house : and his righteousness endureth for ever .
112 : 6 Surely he shall not be moved for ever : the righteous shall be in everlasting remembrance .
112 : 7 He shall not be afraid of evil tidings : his heart is fixed , trusting in the LORD .
112 : 8 His heart is established , he shall not be afraid , until he see his desire upon his enemies .
112 : 9 He hath dispersed , he hath given to the poor ; his righteousness endureth for ever ; his horn shall be exalted with honour .
112 : 10 The wicked shall see it , and be grieved ; he shall gnash with his teeth , and melt away : the desire of the wicked shall perish .
115 : 14 The LORD shall increase you more and more , you and your children .
116 : 12 What shall I render unto the LORD for all his benefits toward me ?
118 : 7 The LORD taketh my part with them that help me : therefore shall I see my desire upon them that hate me .
118 : 17 I shall not die , but live , and declare the works of the LORD .
118 : 20 This gate of the LORD , into which the righteous shall enter .
119 : 6 Then shall I not be ashamed , when I have respect unto all thy commandments .
119 : 7 I will praise thee with uprightness of heart , when I shall have learned thy righteous judgments .
119 : 9 Wherewithal shall a young man cleanse his way ?
119 : 27 Make me to understand the way of thy precepts : so shall I talk of thy wondrous works .
119 : 33 Teach me , O LORD , the way of thy statutes ; and I shall keep it unto the end .
119 : 34 Give me understanding , and I shall keep thy law ; yea , I shall observe it with my whole heart .
119 : 42 So shall I have wherewith to answer him that reproacheth me : for I trust in thy word .
119 : 44 So shall I keep thy law continually for ever and ever .
119 : 88 Quicken me after thy lovingkindness ; so shall I keep the testimony of thy mouth .
119 : 117 Hold thou me up , and I shall be safe : and I will have respect unto thy statutes continually .
119 : 144 The righteousness of thy testimonies is everlasting : give me understanding , and I shall live .
119 : 146 I cried unto thee ; save me , and I shall keep thy testimonies .
119 : 165 Great peace have they which love thy law : and nothing shall offend them .
119 : 171 My lips shall utter praise , when thou hast taught me thy statutes .
119 : 172 My tongue shall speak of thy word : for all thy commandments are righteousness .
119 : 175 Let my soul live , and it shall praise thee ; and let thy judgments help me .
120 : 3 What shall be given unto thee ?
or what shall be done unto thee , thou false tongue ?
121 : 4 Behold , he that keepeth Israel shall neither slumber nor sleep .
121 : 6 The sun shall not smite thee by day , nor the moon by night .
121 : 7 The LORD shall preserve thee from all evil : he shall preserve thy soul .
121 : 8 The LORD shall preserve thy going out and thy coming in from this time forth , and even for evermore .
122 : 2 Our feet shall stand within thy gates , O Jerusalem .
122 : 6 Pray for the peace of Jerusalem : they shall prosper that love thee .
125 : 1 They that trust in the LORD shall be as mount Zion , which cannot be removed , but abideth for ever .
125 : 3 For the rod of the wicked shall not rest upon the lot of the righteous ; lest the righteous put forth their hands unto iniquity .
125 : 5 As for such as turn aside unto their crooked ways , the LORD shall lead them forth with the workers of iniquity : but peace shall be upon Israel .
126 : 5 They that sow in tears shall reap in joy .
126 : 6 He that goeth forth and weepeth , bearing precious seed , shall doubtless come again with rejoicing , bringing his sheaves with him .
127 : 5 Happy is the man that hath his quiver full of them : they shall not be ashamed , but they shall speak with the enemies in the gate .
128 : 2 For thou shalt eat the labour of thine hands : happy shalt thou be , and it shall be well with thee .
128 : 3 Thy wife shall be as a fruitful vine by the sides of thine house : thy children like olive plants round about thy table .
128 : 4 Behold , that thus shall the man be blessed that feareth the LORD .
128 : 5 The LORD shall bless thee out of Zion : and thou shalt see the good of Jerusalem all the days of thy life .
130 : 3 If thou , LORD , shouldest mark iniquities , O Lord , who shall stand ?
130 : 8 And he shall redeem Israel from all his iniquities .
132 : 12 If thy children will keep my covenant and my testimony that I shall teach them , their children shall also sit upon thy throne for evermore .
132 : 16 I will also clothe her priests with salvation : and her saints shall shout aloud for joy .
132 : 18 His enemies will I clothe with shame : but upon himself shall his crown flourish .
137 : 4 How shall we sing the LORD ' s song in a strange land ?
137 : 8 O daughter of Babylon , who art to be destroyed ; happy shall he be , that rewardeth thee as thou hast served us .
137 : 9 Happy shall he be , that taketh and dasheth thy little ones against the stones .
138 : 4 All the kings of the earth shall praise thee , O LORD , when they hear the words of thy mouth .
138 : 5 Yea , they shall sing in the ways of the LORD : for great is the glory of the LORD .
138 : 7 Though I walk in the midst of trouble , thou wilt revive me : thou shalt stretch forth thine hand against the wrath of mine enemies , and thy right hand shall save me .
139 : 7 Whither shall I go from thy spirit ?
or whither shall I flee from thy presence ?
139 : 10 Even there shall thy hand lead me , and thy right hand shall hold me .
139 : 11 If I say , Surely the darkness shall cover me ; even the night shall be light about me .
140 : 11 Let not an evil speaker be established in the earth : evil shall hunt the violent man to overthrow him .
140 : 13 Surely the righteous shall give thanks unto thy name : the upright shall dwell in thy presence .
141 : 5 Let the righteous smite me ; it shall be a kindness : and let him reprove me ; it shall be an excellent oil , which shall not break my head : for yet my prayer also shall be in their calamities .
141 : 6 When their judges are overthrown in stony places , they shall hear my words ; for they are sweet .
142 : 7 Bring my soul out of prison , that I may praise thy name : the righteous shall compass me about ; for thou shalt deal bountifully with me .
143 : 2 And enter not into judgment with thy servant : for in thy sight shall no man living be justified .
144 : 5 Bow thy heavens , O LORD , and come down : touch the mountains , and they shall smoke .
145 : 4 One generation shall praise thy works to another , and shall declare thy mighty acts .
145 : 6 And men shall speak of the might of thy terrible acts : and I will declare thy greatness .
145 : 7 They shall abundantly utter the memory of thy great goodness , and shall sing of thy righteousness .
145 : 10 All thy works shall praise thee , O LORD ; and thy saints shall bless thee .
145 : 11 They shall speak of the glory of thy kingdom , and talk of thy power ;
145 : 21 My mouth shall speak the praise of the LORD : and let all flesh bless his holy name for ever and ever .
146 : 10 The LORD shall reign for ever , even thy God , O Zion , unto all generations .
148 : 6 He hath also stablished them for ever and ever : he hath made a decree which shall not pass .
1 : 5 A wise man will hear , and will increase learning ; and a man of understanding shall attain unto wise counsels : 1 : 6 To understand a proverb , and the interpretation ; the words of the wise , and their dark sayings .
1 : 8 My son , hear the instruction of thy father , and forsake not the law of thy mother : 1 : 9 For they shall be an ornament of grace unto thy head , and chains about thy neck .
1 : 11 If they say , Come with us , let us lay wait for blood , let us lurk privily for the innocent without cause : 1 : 12 Let us swallow them up alive as the grave ; and whole , as those that go down into the pit : 1 : 13 We shall find all precious substance , we shall fill our houses with spoil : 1 : 14 Cast in thy lot among us ; let us all have one purse : 1 : 15 My son , walk not thou in the way with them ; refrain thy foot from their path : 1 : 16 For their feet run to evil , and make haste to shed blood .
1 : 28 Then shall they call upon me , but I will not answer ; they shall seek me early , but they shall not find me : 1 : 29 For that they hated knowledge , and did not choose the fear of the LORD : 1 : 30 They would none of my counsel : they despised all my reproof .
1 : 31 Therefore shall they eat of the fruit of their own way , and be filled with their own devices .
1 : 32 For the turning away of the simple shall slay them , and the prosperity of fools shall destroy them .
1 : 33 But whoso hearkeneth unto me shall dwell safely , and shall be quiet from fear of evil .
2 : 10 When wisdom entereth into thine heart , and knowledge is pleasant unto thy soul ; 2 : 11 Discretion shall preserve thee , understanding shall keep thee : 2 : 12 To deliver thee from the way of the evil man , from the man that speaketh froward things ; 2 : 13 Who leave the paths of uprightness , to walk in the ways of darkness ; 2 : 14 Who rejoice to do evil , and delight in the frowardness of the wicked ; 2 : 15 Whose ways are crooked , and they froward in their paths : 2 : 16 To deliver thee from the strange woman , even from the stranger which flattereth with her words ; 2 : 17 Which forsaketh the guide of her youth , and forgetteth the covenant of her God .
2 : 21 For the upright shall dwell in the land , and the perfect shall remain in it .
2 : 22 But the wicked shall be cut off from the earth , and the transgressors shall be rooted out of it .
3 : 1 My son , forget not my law ; but let thine heart keep my commandments : 3 : 2 For length of days , and long life , and peace , shall they add to thee .
3 : 6 In all thy ways acknowledge him , and he shall direct thy paths .
3 : 8 It shall be health to thy navel , and marrow to thy bones .
3 : 9 Honour the LORD with thy substance , and with the firstfruits of all thine increase : 3 : 10 So shall thy barns be filled with plenty , and thy presses shall burst out with new wine .
3 : 21 My son , let not them depart from thine eyes : keep sound wisdom and discretion : 3 : 22 So shall they be life unto thy soul , and grace to thy neck .
3 : 23 Then shalt thou walk in thy way safely , and thy foot shall not stumble .
3 : 24 When thou liest down , thou shalt not be afraid : yea , thou shalt lie down , and thy sleep shall be sweet .
3 : 26 For the LORD shall be thy confidence , and shall keep thy foot from being taken .
3 : 35 The wise shall inherit glory : but shame shall be the promotion of fools .
4 : 6 Forsake her not , and she shall preserve thee : love her , and she shall keep thee .
4 : 8 Exalt her , and she shall promote thee : she shall bring thee to honour , when thou dost embrace her .
4 : 9 She shall give to thine head an ornament of grace : a crown of glory shall she deliver to thee .
4 : 10 Hear , O my son , and receive my sayings ; and the years of thy life shall be many .
4 : 12 When thou goest , thy steps shall not be straitened ; and when thou runnest , thou shalt not stumble .
5 : 22 His own iniquities shall take the wicked himself , and he shall be holden with the cords of his sins .
5 : 23 He shall die without instruction ; and in the greatness of his folly he shall go astray .
6 : 10 Yet a little sleep , a little slumber , a little folding of the hands to sleep : 6 : 11 So shall thy poverty come as one that travelleth , and thy want as an armed man .
6 : 15 Therefore shall his calamity come suddenly ; suddenly shall he be broken without remedy .
6 : 22 When thou goest , it shall lead thee ; when thou sleepest , it shall keep thee ; and when thou awakest , it shall talk with thee .
6 : 29 So he that goeth in to his neighbour ' s wife ; whosoever toucheth her shall not be innocent .
6 : 30 Men do not despise a thief , if he steal to satisfy his soul when he is hungry ; 6 : 31 But if he be found , he shall restore sevenfold ; he shall give all the substance of his house .
6 : 33 A wound and dishonour shall he get ; and his reproach shall not be wiped away .
8 : 6 Hear ; for I will speak of excellent things ; and the opening of my lips shall be right things .
8 : 7 For my mouth shall speak truth ; and wickedness is an abomination to my lips .
8 : 17 I love them that love me ; and those that seek me early shall find me .
8 : 35 For whoso findeth me findeth life , and shall obtain favour of the LORD .
9 : 11 For by me thy days shall be multiplied , and the years of thy life shall be increased .
10 : 7 The memory of the just is blessed : but the name of the wicked shall rot .
10 : 8 The wise in heart will receive commandments : but a prating fool shall fall .
10 : 9 He that walketh uprightly walketh surely : but he that perverteth his ways shall be known .
10 : 10 He that winketh with the eye causeth sorrow : but a prating fool shall fall .
10 : 24 The fear of the wicked , it shall come upon him : but the desire of the righteous shall be granted .
10 : 27 The fear of the LORD prolongeth days : but the years of the wicked shall be shortened .
10 : 28 The hope of the righteous shall be gladness : but the expectation of the wicked shall perish .
10 : 29 The way of the LORD is strength to the upright : but destruction shall be to the workers of iniquity .
10 : 30 The righteous shall never be removed : but the wicked shall not inhabit the earth .
10 : 31 The mouth of the just bringeth forth wisdom : but the froward tongue shall be cut out .
11 : 3 The integrity of the upright shall guide them : but the perverseness of transgressors shall destroy them .
11 : 5 The righteousness of the perfect shall direct his way : but the wicked shall fall by his own wickedness .
11 : 6 The righteousness of the upright shall deliver them : but transgressors shall be taken in their own naughtiness .
11 : 7 When a wicked man dieth , his expectation shall perish : and the hope of unjust men perisheth .
11 : 9 An hypocrite with his mouth destroyeth his neighbour : but through knowledge shall the just be delivered .
11 : 15 He that is surety for a stranger shall smart for it : and he that hateth suretiship is sure .
11 : 18 The wicked worketh a deceitful work : but to him that soweth righteousness shall be a sure reward .
11 : 21 Though hand join in hand , the wicked shall not be unpunished : but the seed of the righteous shall be delivered .
11 : 25 The liberal soul shall be made fat : and he that watereth shall be watered also himself .
11 : 26 He that withholdeth corn , the people shall curse him : but blessing shall be upon the head of him that selleth it .
11 : 27 He that diligently seeketh good procureth favour : but he that seeketh mischief , it shall come unto him .
11 : 28 He that trusteth in his riches shall fall ; but the righteous shall flourish as a branch .
11 : 29 He that troubleth his own house shall inherit the wind : and the fool shall be servant to the wise of heart .
11 : 31 Behold , the righteous shall be recompensed in the earth : much more the wicked and the sinner .
12 : 3 A man shall not be established by wickedness : but the root of the righteous shall not be moved .
12 : 6 The words of the wicked are to lie in wait for blood : but the mouth of the upright shall deliver them .
12 : 7 The wicked are overthrown , and are not : but the house of the righteous shall stand .
12 : 8 A man shall be commended according to his wisdom : but he that is of a perverse heart shall be despised .
12 : 11 He that tilleth his land shall be satisfied with bread : but he that followeth vain persons is void of understanding .
12 : 13 The wicked is snared by the transgression of his lips : but the just shall come out of trouble .
12 : 14 A man shall be satisfied with good by the fruit of his mouth : and the recompence of a man ' s hands shall be rendered unto him .
12 : 19 The lip of truth shall be established for ever : but a lying tongue is but for a moment .
12 : 21 There shall no evil happen to the just : but the wicked shall be filled with mischief .
12 : 24 The hand of the diligent shall bear rule : but the slothful shall be under tribute .
13 : 2 A man shall eat good by the fruit of his mouth : but the soul of the transgressors shall eat violence .
13 : 3 He that keepeth his mouth keepeth his life : but he that openeth wide his lips shall have destruction .
13 : 4 The soul of the sluggard desireth , and hath nothing : but the soul of the diligent shall be made fat .
13 : 9 The light of the righteous rejoiceth : but the lamp of the wicked shall be put out .
13 : 11 Wealth gotten by vanity shall be diminished : but he that gathereth by labour shall increase .
13 : 13 Whoso despiseth the word shall be destroyed : but he that feareth the commandment shall be rewarded .
13 : 18 Poverty and shame shall be to him that refuseth instruction : but he that regardeth reproof shall be honoured .
13 : 20 He that walketh with wise men shall be wise : but a companion of fools shall be destroyed .
13 : 21 Evil pursueth sinners : but to the righteous good shall be repayed .
13 : 25 The righteous eateth to the satisfying of his soul : but the belly of the wicked shall want .
14 : 3 In the mouth of the foolish is a rod of pride : but the lips of the wise shall preserve them .
14 : 11 The house of the wicked shall be overthrown : but the tabernacle of the upright shall flourish .
14 : 14 The backslider in heart shall be filled with his own ways : and a good man shall be satisfied from himself .
but mercy and truth shall be to them that devise good .
14 : 26 In the fear of the LORD is strong confidence : and his children shall have a place of refuge .
15 : 10 Correction is grievous unto him that forsaketh the way : and he that hateth reproof shall die .
15 : 27 He that is greedy of gain troubleth his own house ; but he that hateth gifts shall live .
16 : 3 Commit thy works unto the LORD , and thy thoughts shall be established .
16 : 5 Every one that is proud in heart is an abomination to the LORD : though hand join in hand , he shall not be unpunished .
16 : 20 He that handleth a matter wisely shall find good : and whoso trusteth in the LORD , happy is he .
16 : 21 The wise in heart shall be called prudent : and the sweetness of the lips increaseth learning .
17 : 2 A wise servant shall have rule over a son that causeth shame , and shall have part of the inheritance among the brethren .
17 : 5 Whoso mocketh the poor reproacheth his Maker : and he that is glad at calamities shall not be unpunished .
17 : 11 An evil man seeketh only rebellion : therefore a cruel messenger shall be sent against him .
17 : 13 Whoso rewardeth evil for good , evil shall not depart from his house .
18 : 20 A man ' s belly shall be satisfied with the fruit of his mouth ; and with the increase of his lips shall he be filled .
18 : 21 Death and life are in the power of the tongue : and they that love it shall eat the fruit thereof .
19 : 5 A false witness shall not be unpunished , and he that speaketh lies shall not escape .
19 : 8 He that getteth wisdom loveth his own soul : he that keepeth understanding shall find good .
19 : 9 A false witness shall not be unpunished , and he that speaketh lies shall perish .
19 : 15 Slothfulness casteth into a deep sleep ; and an idle soul shall suffer hunger .
19 : 16 He that keepeth the commandment keepeth his own soul ; but he that despiseth his ways shall die .
19 : 19 A man of great wrath shall suffer punishment : for if thou deliver him , yet thou must do it again .
19 : 21 There are many devices in a man ' s heart ; nevertheless the counsel of the LORD , that shall stand .
19 : 23 The fear of the LORD tendeth to life : and he that hath it shall abide satisfied ; he shall not be visited with evil .
20 : 4 The sluggard will not plow by reason of the cold ; therefore shall he beg in harvest , and have nothing .
20 : 17 Bread of deceit is sweet to a man ; but afterwards his mouth shall be filled with gravel .
20 : 20 Whoso curseth his father or his mother , his lamp shall be put out in obscure darkness .
20 : 21 An inheritance may be gotten hastily at the beginning ; but the end thereof shall not be blessed .
20 : 22 Say not thou , I will recompense evil ; but wait on the LORD , and he shall save thee .
21 : 7 The robbery of the wicked shall destroy them ; because they refuse to do judgment .
21 : 13 Whoso stoppeth his ears at the cry of the poor , he also shall cry himself , but shall not be heard .
21 : 15 It is joy to the just to do judgment : but destruction shall be to the workers of iniquity .
21 : 16 The man that wandereth out of the way of understanding shall remain in the congregation of the dead .
21 : 17 He that loveth pleasure shall be a poor man : he that loveth wine and oil shall not be rich .
21 : 18 The wicked shall be a ransom for the righteous , and the transgressor for the upright .
21 : 28 A false witness shall perish : but the man that heareth speaketh constantly .
22 : 5 Thorns and snares are in the way of the froward : he that doth keep his soul shall be far from them .
22 : 8 He that soweth iniquity shall reap vanity : and the rod of his anger shall fail .
22 : 9 He that hath a bountiful eye shall be blessed ; for he giveth of his bread to the poor .
22 : 10 Cast out the scorner , and contention shall go out ; yea , strife and reproach shall cease .
22 : 11 He that loveth pureness of heart , for the grace of his lips the king shall be his friend .
22 : 13 The slothful man saith , There is a lion without , I shall be slain in the streets .
22 : 14 The mouth of strange women is a deep pit : he that is abhorred of the LORD shall fall therein .
22 : 15 Foolishness is bound in the heart of a child ; but the rod of correction shall drive it far from him .
22 : 16 He that oppresseth the poor to increase his riches , and he that giveth to the rich , shall surely come to want .
22 : 18 For it is a pleasant thing if thou keep them within thee ; they shall withal be fitted in thy lips .
he shall stand before kings ; he shall not stand before mean men .
23 : 10 Remove not the old landmark ; and enter not into the fields of the fatherless : 23 : 11 For their redeemer is mighty ; he shall plead their cause with thee .
23 : 13 Withhold not correction from the child : for if thou beatest him with the rod , he shall not die .
23 : 15 My son , if thine heart be wise , my heart shall rejoice , even mine .
23 : 16 Yea , my reins shall rejoice , when thy lips speak right things .
23 : 18 For surely there is an end ; and thine expectation shall not be cut off .
23 : 20 Be not among winebibbers ; among riotous eaters of flesh : 23 : 21 For the drunkard and the glutton shall come to poverty : and drowsiness shall clothe a man with rags .
23 : 24 The father of the righteous shall greatly rejoice : and he that begetteth a wise child shall have joy of him .
23 : 25 Thy father and thy mother shall be glad , and she that bare thee shall rejoice .
23 : 33 Thine eyes shall behold strange women , and thine heart shall utter perverse things .
23 : 35 They have stricken me , shalt thou say , and I was not sick ; they have beaten me , and I felt it not : when shall I awake ?
24 : 3 Through wisdom is an house builded ; and by understanding it is established : 24 : 4 And by knowledge shall the chambers be filled with all precious and pleasant riches .
24 : 8 He that deviseth to do evil shall be called a mischievous person .
and shall not he render to every man according to his works ?
24 : 13 My son , eat thou honey , because it is good ; and the honeycomb , which is sweet to thy taste : 24 : 14 So shall the knowledge of wisdom be unto thy soul : when thou hast found it , then there shall be a reward , and thy expectation shall not be cut off .
24 : 15 Lay not wait , O wicked man , against the dwelling of the righteous ; spoil not his resting place : 24 : 16 For a just man falleth seven times , and riseth up again : but the wicked shall fall into mischief .
24 : 19 Fret not thyself because of evil men , neither be thou envious at the wicked : 24 : 20 For there shall be no reward to the evil man ; the candle of the wicked shall be put out .
24 : 21 My son , fear thou the LORD and the king : and meddle not with them that are given to change : 24 : 22 For their calamity shall rise suddenly ; and who knoweth the ruin of them both ?
24 : 24 He that saith unto the wicked , Thou are righteous ; him shall the people curse , nations shall abhor him : 24 : 25 But to them that rebuke him shall be delight , and a good blessing shall come upon them .
24 : 26 Every man shall kiss his lips that giveth a right answer .
24 : 33 Yet a little sleep , a little slumber , a little folding of the hands to sleep : 24 : 34 So shall thy poverty come as one that travelleth ; and thy want as an armed man .
25 : 4 Take away the dross from the silver , and there shall come forth a vessel for the finer .
25 : 5 Take away the wicked from before the king , and his throne shall be established in righteousness .
25 : 21 If thine enemy be hungry , give him bread to eat ; and if he be thirsty , give him water to drink : 25 : 22 For thou shalt heap coals of fire upon his head , and the LORD shall reward thee .
26 : 2 As the bird by wandering , as the swallow by flying , so the curse causeless shall not come .
26 : 26 Whose hatred is covered by deceit , his wickedness shall be shewed before the whole congregation .
26 : 27 Whoso diggeth a pit shall fall therein : and he that rolleth a stone , it will return upon him .
27 : 14 He that blesseth his friend with a loud voice , rising early in the morning , it shall be counted a curse to him .
27 : 18 Whoso keepeth the fig tree shall eat the fruit thereof : so he that waiteth on his master shall be honoured .
28 : 2 For the transgression of a land many are the princes thereof : but by a man of understanding and knowledge the state thereof shall be prolonged .
28 : 8 He that by usury and unjust gain increaseth his substance , he shall gather it for him that will pity the poor .
28 : 9 He that turneth away his ear from hearing the law , even his prayer shall be abomination .
28 : 10 Whoso causeth the righteous to go astray in an evil way , he shall fall himself into his own pit : but the upright shall have good things in possession .
28 : 13 He that covereth his sins shall not prosper : but whoso confesseth and forsaketh them shall have mercy .
28 : 14 Happy is the man that feareth alway : but he that hardeneth his heart shall fall into mischief .
28 : 16 The prince that wanteth understanding is also a great oppressor : but he that hateth covetousness shall prolong his days .
28 : 17 A man that doeth violence to the blood of any person shall flee to the pit ; let no man stay him .
28 : 18 Whoso walketh uprightly shall be saved : but he that is perverse in his ways shall fall at once .
28 : 19 He that tilleth his land shall have plenty of bread : but he that followeth after vain persons shall have poverty enough .
28 : 20 A faithful man shall abound with blessings : but he that maketh haste to be rich shall not be innocent .
28 : 22 He that hasteth to be rich hath an evil eye , and considereth not that poverty shall come upon him .
28 : 23 He that rebuketh a man afterwards shall find more favour than he that flattereth with the tongue .
28 : 25 He that is of a proud heart stirreth up strife : but he that putteth his trust in the LORD shall be made fat .
28 : 26 He that trusteth in his own heart is a fool : but whoso walketh wisely , he shall be delivered .
28 : 27 He that giveth unto the poor shall not lack : but he that hideth his eyes shall have many a curse .
29 : 1 He , that being often reproved hardeneth his neck , shall suddenly be destroyed , and that without remedy .
29 : 14 The king that faithfully judgeth the poor , his throne shall be established for ever .
29 : 16 When the wicked are multiplied , transgression increaseth : but the righteous shall see their fall .
29 : 17 Correct thy son , and he shall give thee rest ; yea , he shall give delight unto thy soul .
29 : 21 He that delicately bringeth up his servant from a child shall have him become his son at the length .
29 : 23 A man ' s pride shall bring him low : but honour shall uphold the humble in spirit .
29 : 25 The fear of man bringeth a snare : but whoso putteth his trust in the LORD shall be safe .
30 : 17 The eye that mocketh at his father , and despiseth to obey his mother , the ravens of the valley shall pick it out , and the young eagles shall eat it .
31 : 11 The heart of her husband doth safely trust in her , so that he shall have no need of spoil .
31 : 25 Strength and honour are her clothing ; and she shall rejoice in time to come .
31 : 30 Favour is deceitful , and beauty is vain : but a woman that feareth the LORD , she shall be praised .
1 : 9 The thing that hath been , it is that which shall be ; and that which is done is that which shall be done : and there is no new thing under the sun .
1 : 11 There is no remembrance of former things ; neither shall there be any remembrance of things that are to come with those that shall come after .
2 : 16 For there is no remembrance of the wise more than of the fool for ever ; seeing that which now is in the days to come shall all be forgotten .
2 : 18 Yea , I hated all my labour which I had taken under the sun : because I should leave it unto the man that shall be after me .
2 : 19 And who knoweth whether he shall be a wise man or a fool ?
yet shall he have rule over all my labour wherein I have laboured , and wherein I have shewed myself wise under the sun .
2 : 21 For there is a man whose labour is in wisdom , and in knowledge , and in equity ; yet to a man that hath not laboured therein shall he leave it for his portion .
3 : 14 I know that , whatsoever God doeth , it shall be for ever : nothing can be put to it , nor any thing taken from it : and God doeth it , that men should fear before him .
3 : 17 I said in mine heart , God shall judge the righteous and the wicked : for there is a time there for every purpose and for every work .
3 : 22 Wherefore I perceive that there is nothing better , than that a man should rejoice in his own works ; for that is his portion : for who shall bring him to see what shall be after him ?
4 : 12 And if one prevail against him , two shall withstand him ; and a threefold cord is not quickly broken .
4 : 15 I considered all the living which walk under the sun , with the second child that shall stand up in his stead .
4 : 16 There is no end of all the people , even of all that have been before them : they also that come after shall not rejoice in him .
5 : 10 He that loveth silver shall not be satisfied with silver ; nor he that loveth abundance with increase : this is also vanity .
5 : 15 As he came forth of his mother ' s womb , naked shall he return to go as he came , and shall take nothing of his labour , which he may carry away in his hand .
5 : 16 And this also is a sore evil , that in all points as he came , so shall he go : and what profit hath he that hath laboured for the wind ?
5 : 20 For he shall not much remember the days of his life ; because God answereth him in the joy of his heart .
6 : 4 For he cometh in with vanity , and departeth in darkness , and his name shall be covered with darkness .
for who can tell a man what shall be after him under the sun ?
7 : 18 It is good that thou shouldest take hold of this ; yea , also from this withdraw not thine hand : for he that feareth God shall come forth of them all .
7 : 25 I applied mine heart to know , and to search , and to seek out wisdom , and the reason of things , and to know the wickedness of folly , even of foolishness and madness : 7 : 26 And I find more bitter than death the woman , whose heart is snares and nets , and her hands as bands : whoso pleaseth God shall escape from her ; but the sinner shall be taken by her .
a man ' s wisdom maketh his face to shine , and the boldness of his face shall be changed .
8 : 5 Whoso keepeth the commandment shall feel no evil thing : and a wise man ' s heart discerneth both time and judgment .
8 : 7 For he knoweth not that which shall be : for who can tell him when it shall be ?
8 : 8 There is no man that hath power over the spirit to retain the spirit ; neither hath he power in the day of death : and there is no discharge in that war ; neither shall wickedness deliver those that are given to it .
8 : 12 Though a sinner do evil an hundred times , and his days be prolonged , yet surely I know that it shall be well with them that fear God , which fear before him : 8 : 13 But it shall not be well with the wicked , neither shall he prolong his days , which are as a shadow ; because he feareth not before God .
8 : 15 Then I commended mirth , because a man hath no better thing under the sun , than to eat , and to drink , and to be merry : for that shall abide with him of his labour the days of his life , which God giveth him under the sun .
8 : 16 When I applied mine heart to know wisdom , and to see the business that is done upon the earth : ( for also there is that neither day nor night seeth sleep with his eyes :) 8 : 17 Then I beheld all the work of God , that a man cannot find out the work that is done under the sun : because though a man labour to seek it out , yet he shall not find it ; yea farther ; though a wise man think to know it , yet shall he not be able to find it .
9 : 5 For the living know that they shall die : but the dead know not any thing , neither have they any more a reward ; for the memory of them is forgotten .
10 : 8 He that diggeth a pit shall fall into it ; and whoso breaketh an hedge , a serpent shall bite him .
10 : 9 Whoso removeth stones shall be hurt therewith ; and he that cleaveth wood shall be endangered thereby .
10 : 14 A fool also is full of words : a man cannot tell what shall be ; and what shall be after him , who can tell him ?
10 : 20 Curse not the king , no not in thy thought ; and curse not the rich in thy bedchamber : for a bird of the air shall carry the voice , and that which hath wings shall tell the matter .
11 : 2 Give a portion to seven , and also to eight ; for thou knowest not what evil shall be upon the earth .
11 : 3 If the clouds be full of rain , they empty themselves upon the earth : and if the tree fall toward the south , or toward the north , in the place where the tree falleth , there it shall be .
11 : 4 He that observeth the wind shall not sow ; and he that regardeth the clouds shall not reap .
11 : 6 In the morning sow thy seed , and in the evening withhold not thine hand : for thou knowest not whether shall prosper , either this or that , or whether they both shall be alike good .
11 : 7 Truly the light is sweet , and a pleasant thing it is for the eyes to behold the sun : 11 : 8 But if a man live many years , and rejoice in them all ; yet let him remember the days of darkness ; for they shall be many .
12 : 1 Remember now thy Creator in the days of thy youth , while the evil days come not , nor the years draw nigh , when thou shalt say , I have no pleasure in them ; 12 : 2 While the sun , or the light , or the moon , or the stars , be not darkened , nor the clouds return after the rain : 12 : 3 In the day when the keepers of the house shall tremble , and the strong men shall bow themselves , and the grinders cease because they are few , and those that look out of the windows be darkened , 12 : 4 And the doors shall be shut in the streets , when the sound of the grinding is low , and he shall rise up at the voice of the bird , and all the daughters of musick shall be brought low ; 12 : 5 Also when they shall be afraid of that which is high , and fears shall be in the way , and the almond tree shall flourish , and the grasshopper shall be a burden , and desire shall fail : because man goeth to his long home , and the mourners go about the streets : 12 : 6 Or ever the silver cord be loosed , or the golden bowl be broken , or the pitcher be broken at the fountain , or the wheel broken at the cistern .
12 : 7 Then shall the dust return to the earth as it was : and the spirit shall return unto God who gave it .
12 : 14 For God shall bring every work into judgment , with every secret thing , whether it be good , or whether it be evil .
1 : 13 A bundle of myrrh is my well - beloved unto me ; he shall lie all night betwixt my breasts .
5 : 3 I have put off my coat ; how shall I put it on ?
I have washed my feet ; how shall I defile them ?
7 : 8 I said , I will go up to the palm tree , I will take hold of the boughs thereof : now also thy breasts shall be as clusters of the vine , and the smell of thy nose like apples ; 7 : 9 And the roof of thy mouth like the best wine for my beloved , that goeth down sweetly , causing the lips of those that are asleep to speak .
8 : 8 We have a little sister , and she hath no breasts : what shall we do for our sister in the day when she shall be spoken for ?
1 : 18 Come now , and let us reason together , saith the LORD : though your sins be as scarlet , they shall be as white as snow ; though they be red like crimson , they shall be as wool .
1 : 19 If ye be willing and obedient , ye shall eat the good of the land : 1 : 20 But if ye refuse and rebel , ye shall be devoured with the sword : for the mouth of the LORD hath spoken it .
1 : 27 Zion shall be redeemed with judgment , and her converts with righteousness .
1 : 28 And the destruction of the transgressors and of the sinners shall be together , and they that forsake the LORD shall be consumed .
1 : 29 For they shall be ashamed of the oaks which ye have desired , and ye shall be confounded for the gardens that ye have chosen .
1 : 30 For ye shall be as an oak whose leaf fadeth , and as a garden that hath no water .
1 : 31 And the strong shall be as tow , and the maker of it as a spark , and they shall both burn together , and none shall quench them .
2 : 2 And it shall come to pass in the last days , that the mountain of the LORD ' s house shall be established in the top of the mountains , and shall be exalted above the hills ; and all nations shall flow unto it .
2 : 3 And many people shall go and say , Come ye , and let us go up to the mountain of the LORD , to the house of the God of Jacob ; and he will teach us of his ways , and we will walk in his paths : for out of Zion shall go forth the law , and the word of the LORD from Jerusalem .
2 : 4 And he shall judge among the nations , and shall rebuke many people : and they shall beat their swords into plowshares , and their spears into pruninghooks : nation shall not lift up sword against nation , neither shall they learn war any more .
2 : 11 The lofty looks of man shall be humbled , and the haughtiness of men shall be bowed down , and the LORD alone shall be exalted in that day .
2 : 12 For the day of the LORD of hosts shall be upon every one that is proud and lofty , and upon every one that is lifted up ; and he shall be brought low : 2 : 13 And upon all the cedars of Lebanon , that are high and lifted up , and upon all the oaks of Bashan , 2 : 14 And upon all the high mountains , and upon all the hills that are lifted up , 2 : 15 And upon every high tower , and upon every fenced wall , 2 : 16 And upon all the ships of Tarshish , and upon all pleasant pictures .
2 : 17 And the loftiness of man shall be bowed down , and the haughtiness of men shall be made low : and the LORD alone shall be exalted in that day .
2 : 18 And the idols he shall utterly abolish .
2 : 19 And they shall go into the holes of the rocks , and into the caves of the earth , for fear of the LORD , and for the glory of his majesty , when he ariseth to shake terribly the earth .
2 : 20 In that day a man shall cast his idols of silver , and his idols of gold , which they made each one for himself to worship , to the moles and to the bats ; 2 : 21 To go into the clefts of the rocks , and into the tops of the ragged rocks , for fear of the LORD , and for the glory of his majesty , when he ariseth to shake terribly the earth .
3 : 4 And I will give children to be their princes , and babes shall rule over them .
3 : 5 And the people shall be oppressed , every one by another , and every one by his neighbour : the child shall behave himself proudly against the ancient , and the base against the honourable .
3 : 6 When a man shall take hold of his brother of the house of his father , saying , Thou hast clothing , be thou our ruler , and let this ruin be under thy hand : 3 : 7 In that day shall he swear , saying , I will not be an healer ; for in my house is neither bread nor clothing : make me not a ruler of the people .
3 : 10 Say ye to the righteous , that it shall be well with him : for they shall eat the fruit of their doings .
it shall be ill with him : for the reward of his hands shall be given him .
3 : 24 And it shall come to pass , that instead of sweet smell there shall be stink ; and instead of a girdle a rent ; and instead of well set hair baldness ; and instead of a stomacher a girding of sackcloth ; and burning instead of beauty .
3 : 25 Thy men shall fall by the sword , and thy mighty in the war .
3 : 26 And her gates shall lament and mourn ; and she being desolate shall sit upon the ground .
4 : 1 And in that day seven women shall take hold of one man , saying , We will eat our own bread , and wear our own apparel : only let us be called by thy name , to take away our reproach .
4 : 2 In that day shall the branch of the LORD be beautiful and glorious , and the fruit of the earth shall be excellent and comely for them that are escaped of Israel .
4 : 3 And it shall come to pass , that he that is left in Zion , and he that remaineth in Jerusalem , shall be called holy , even every one that is written among the living in Jerusalem : 4 : 4 When the Lord shall have washed away the filth of the daughters of Zion , and shall have purged the blood of Jerusalem from the midst thereof by the spirit of judgment , and by the spirit of burning .
4 : 5 And the LORD will create upon every dwelling place of mount Zion , and upon her assemblies , a cloud and smoke by day , and the shining of a flaming fire by night : for upon all the glory shall be a defence .
4 : 6 And there shall be a tabernacle for a shadow in the day time from the heat , and for a place of refuge , and for a covert from storm and from rain .
5 : 5 And now go to ; I will tell you what I will do to my vineyard : I will take away the hedge thereof , and it shall be eaten up ; and break down the wall thereof , and it shall be trodden down : 5 : 6 And I will lay it waste : it shall not be pruned , nor digged ; but there shall come up briers and thorns : I will also command the clouds that they rain no rain upon it .
5 : 9 In mine ears said the LORD of hosts , Of a truth many houses shall be desolate , even great and fair , without inhabitant .
5 : 10 Yea , ten acres of vineyard shall yield one bath , and the seed of an homer shall yield an ephah .
5 : 14 Therefore hell hath enlarged herself , and opened her mouth without measure : and their glory , and their multitude , and their pomp , and he that rejoiceth , shall descend into it .
5 : 15 And the mean man shall be brought down , and the mighty man shall be humbled , and the eyes of the lofty shall be humbled : 5 : 16 But the LORD of hosts shall be exalted in judgment , and God that is holy shall be sanctified in righteousness .
5 : 17 Then shall the lambs feed after their manner , and the waste places of the fat ones shall strangers eat .
5 : 24 Therefore as the fire devoureth the stubble , and the flame consumeth the chaff , so their root shall be as rottenness , and their blossom shall go up as dust : because they have cast away the law of the LORD of hosts , and despised the word of the Holy One of Israel .
5 : 26 And he will lift up an ensign to the nations from far , and will hiss unto them from the end of the earth : and , behold , they shall come with speed swiftly : 5 : 27 None shall be weary nor stumble among them ; none shall slumber nor sleep ; neither shall the girdle of their loins be loosed , nor the latchet of their shoes be broken : 5 : 28 Whose arrows are sharp , and all their bows bent , their horses ' hoofs shall be counted like flint , and their wheels like a whirlwind : 5 : 29 Their roaring shall be like a lion , they shall roar like young lions : yea , they shall roar , and lay hold of the prey , and shall carry it away safe , and none shall deliver it .
5 : 30 And in that day they shall roar against them like the roaring of the sea : and if one look unto the land , behold darkness and sorrow , and the light is darkened in the heavens thereof .
6 : 8 Also I heard the voice of the Lord , saying , Whom shall I send , and who will go for us ?
6 : 13 But yet in it shall be a tenth , and it shall return , and shall be eaten : as a teil tree , and as an oak , whose substance is in them , when they cast their leaves : so the holy seed shall be the substance thereof .
7 : 5 Because Syria , Ephraim , and the son of Remaliah , have taken evil counsel against thee , saying , 7 : 6 Let us go up against Judah , and vex it , and let us make a breach therein for us , and set a king in the midst of it , even the son of Tabeal : 7 : 7 Thus saith the Lord GOD , It shall not stand , neither shall it come to pass .
7 : 8 For the head of Syria is Damascus , and the head of Damascus is Rezin ; and within threescore and five years shall Ephraim be broken , that it be not a people .
If ye will not believe , surely ye shall not be established .
7 : 14 Therefore the Lord himself shall give you a sign ; Behold , a virgin shall conceive , and bear a son , and shall call his name Immanuel .
7 : 15 Butter and honey shall he eat , that he may know to refuse the evil , and choose the good .
7 : 16 For before the child shall know to refuse the evil , and choose the good , the land that thou abhorrest shall be forsaken of both her kings .
7 : 17 The LORD shall bring upon thee , and upon thy people , and upon thy father ' s house , days that have not come , from the day that Ephraim departed from Judah ; even the king of Assyria .
7 : 18 And it shall come to pass in that day , that the LORD shall hiss for the fly that is in the uttermost part of the rivers of Egypt , and for the bee that is in the land of Assyria .
7 : 19 And they shall come , and shall rest all of them in the desolate valleys , and in the holes of the rocks , and upon all thorns , and upon all bushes .
7 : 20 In the same day shall the Lord shave with a razor that is hired , namely , by them beyond the river , by the king of Assyria , the head , and the hair of the feet : and it shall also consume the beard .
7 : 21 And it shall come to pass in that day , that a man shall nourish a young cow , and two sheep ; 7 : 22 And it shall come to pass , for the abundance of milk that they shall give he shall eat butter : for butter and honey shall every one eat that is left in the land .
7 : 23 And it shall come to pass in that day , that every place shall be , where there were a thousand vines at a thousand silverlings , it shall even be for briers and thorns .
7 : 24 With arrows and with bows shall men come thither ; because all the land shall become briers and thorns .
7 : 25 And on all hills that shall be digged with the mattock , there shall not come thither the fear of briers and thorns : but it shall be for the sending forth of oxen , and for the treading of lesser cattle .
8 : 4 For before the child shall have knowledge to cry , My father , and my mother , the riches of Damascus and the spoil of Samaria shall be taken away before the king of Assyria .
8 : 5 The LORD spake also unto me again , saying , 8 : 6 Forasmuch as this people refuseth the waters of Shiloah that go softly , and rejoice in Rezin and Remaliah ' s son ; 8 : 7 Now therefore , behold , the Lord bringeth up upon them the waters of the river , strong and many , even the king of Assyria , and all his glory : and he shall come up over all his channels , and go over all his banks : 8 : 8 And he shall pass through Judah ; he shall overflow and go over , he shall reach even to the neck ; and the stretching out of his wings shall fill the breadth of thy land , O Immanuel .
8 : 9 Associate yourselves , O ye people , and ye shall be broken in pieces ; and give ear , all ye of far countries : gird yourselves , and ye shall be broken in pieces ; gird yourselves , and ye shall be broken in pieces .
8 : 10 Take counsel together , and it shall come to nought ; speak the word , and it shall not stand : for God is with us .
8 : 11 For the LORD spake thus to me with a strong hand , and instructed me that I should not walk in the way of this people , saying , 8 : 12 Say ye not , A confederacy , to all them to whom this people shall say , A confederacy ; neither fear ye their fear , nor be afraid .
8 : 14 And he shall be for a sanctuary ; but for a stone of stumbling and for a rock of offence to both the houses of Israel , for a gin and for a snare to the inhabitants of Jerusalem .
8 : 15 And many among them shall stumble , and fall , and be broken , and be snared , and be taken .
8 : 19 And when they shall say unto you , Seek unto them that have familiar spirits , and unto wizards that peep , and that mutter : should not a people seek unto their God ?
8 : 21 And they shall pass through it , hardly bestead and hungry : and it shall come to pass , that when they shall be hungry , they shall fret themselves , and curse their king and their God , and look upward .
8 : 22 And they shall look unto the earth ; and behold trouble and darkness , dimness of anguish ; and they shall be driven to darkness .
9 : 1 Nevertheless the dimness shall not be such as was in her vexation , when at the first he lightly afflicted the land of Zebulun and the land of Naphtali , and afterward did more grievously afflict her by the way of the sea , beyond Jordan , in Galilee of the nations .
9 : 5 For every battle of the warrior is with confused noise , and garments rolled in blood ; but this shall be with burning and fuel of fire .
9 : 6 For unto us a child is born , unto us a son is given : and the government shall be upon his shoulder : and his name shall be called Wonderful , Counsellor , The mighty God , The everlasting Father , The Prince of Peace .
9 : 7 Of the increase of his government and peace there shall be no end , upon the throne of David , and upon his kingdom , to order it , and to establish it with judgment and with justice from henceforth even for ever .
9 : 9 And all the people shall know , even Ephraim and the inhabitant of Samaria , that say in the pride and stoutness of heart , 9 : 10 The bricks are fallen down , but we will build with hewn stones : the sycomores are cut down , but we will change them into cedars .
9 : 11 Therefore the LORD shall set up the adversaries of Rezin against him , and join his enemies together ; 9 : 12 The Syrians before , and the Philistines behind ; and they shall devour Israel with open mouth .
9 : 17 Therefore the LORD shall have no joy in their young men , neither shall have mercy on their fatherless and widows : for every one is an hypocrite and an evildoer , and every mouth speaketh folly .
9 : 18 For wickedness burneth as the fire : it shall devour the briers and thorns , and shall kindle in the thickets of the forest , and they shall mount up like the lifting up of smoke .
9 : 19 Through the wrath of the LORD of hosts is the land darkened , and the people shall be as the fuel of the fire : no man shall spare his brother .
9 : 20 And he shall snatch on the right hand , and be hungry ; and he shall eat on the left hand , and they shall not be satisfied : they shall eat every man the flesh of his own arm : 9 : 21 Manasseh , Ephraim ; and Ephraim , Manasseh : and they together shall be against Judah .
10 : 3 And what will ye do in the day of visitation , and in the desolation which shall come from far ?
10 : 4 Without me they shall bow down under the prisoners , and they shall fall under the slain .
10 : 10 As my hand hath found the kingdoms of the idols , and whose graven images did excel them of Jerusalem and of Samaria ; 10 : 11 Shall I not , as I have done unto Samaria and her idols , so do to Jerusalem and her idols ?
10 : 12 Wherefore it shall come to pass , that when the Lord hath performed his whole work upon mount Zion and on Jerusalem , I will punish the fruit of the stout heart of the king of Assyria , and the glory of his high looks .
10 : 15 Shall the axe boast itself against him that heweth therewith ?
or shall the saw magnify itself against him that shaketh it ?
10 : 16 Therefore shall the Lord , the Lord of hosts , send among his fat ones leanness ; and under his glory he shall kindle a burning like the burning of a fire .
10 : 17 And the light of Israel shall be for a fire , and his Holy One for a flame : and it shall burn and devour his thorns and his briers in one day ; 10 : 18 And shall consume the glory of his forest , and of his fruitful field , both soul and body : and they shall be as when a standard - bearer fainteth .
10 : 19 And the rest of the trees of his forest shall be few , that a child may write them .
10 : 20 And it shall come to pass in that day , that the remnant of Israel , and such as are escaped of the house of Jacob , shall no more again stay upon him that smote them ; but shall stay upon the LORD , the Holy One of Israel , in truth .
10 : 21 The remnant shall return , even the remnant of Jacob , unto the mighty God .
10 : 22 For though thy people Israel be as the sand of the sea , yet a remnant of them shall return : the consumption decreed shall overflow with righteousness .
10 : 23 For the Lord GOD of hosts shall make a consumption , even determined , in the midst of all the land .
10 : 24 Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD of hosts , O my people that dwellest in Zion , be not afraid of the Assyrian : he shall smite thee with a rod , and shall lift up his staff against thee , after the manner of Egypt .
10 : 25 For yet a very little while , and the indignation shall cease , and mine anger in their destruction .
10 : 26 And the LORD of hosts shall stir up a scourge for him according to the slaughter of Midian at the rock of Oreb : and as his rod was upon the sea , so shall he lift it up after the manner of Egypt .
10 : 27 And it shall come to pass in that day , that his burden shall be taken away from off thy shoulder , and his yoke from off thy neck , and the yoke shall be destroyed because of the anointing .
10 : 32 As yet shall he remain at Nob that day : he shall shake his hand against the mount of the daughter of Zion , the hill of Jerusalem .
10 : 33 Behold , the Lord , the LORD of hosts , shall lop the bough with terror : and the high ones of stature shall be hewn down , and the haughty shall be humbled .
10 : 34 And he shall cut down the thickets of the forest with iron , and Lebanon shall fall by a mighty one .
11 : 1 And there shall come forth a rod out of the stem of Jesse , and a Branch shall grow out of his roots : 11 : 2 And the spirit of the LORD shall rest upon him , the spirit of wisdom and understanding , the spirit of counsel and might , the spirit of knowledge and of the fear of the LORD ; 11 : 3 And shall make him of quick understanding in the fear of the LORD : and he shall not judge after the sight of his eyes , neither reprove after the hearing of his ears : 11 : 4 But with righteousness shall he judge the poor , and reprove with equity for the meek of the earth : and he shall smite the earth : with the rod of his mouth , and with the breath of his lips shall he slay the wicked .
11 : 5 And righteousness shall be the girdle of his loins , and faithfulness the girdle of his reins .
11 : 6 The wolf also shall dwell with the lamb , and the leopard shall lie down with the kid ; and the calf and the young lion and the fatling together ; and a little child shall lead them .
11 : 7 And the cow and the bear shall feed ; their young ones shall lie down together : and the lion shall eat straw like the ox .
11 : 8 And the sucking child shall play on the hole of the asp , and the weaned child shall put his hand on the cockatrice ' den .
11 : 9 They shall not hurt nor destroy in all my holy mountain : for the earth shall be full of the knowledge of the LORD , as the waters cover the sea .
11 : 10 And in that day there shall be a root of Jesse , which shall stand for an ensign of the people ; to it shall the Gentiles seek : and his rest shall be glorious .
11 : 11 And it shall come to pass in that day , that the Lord shall set his hand again the second time to recover the remnant of his people , which shall be left , from Assyria , and from Egypt , and from Pathros , and from Cush , and from Elam , and from Shinar , and from Hamath , and from the islands of the sea .
11 : 12 And he shall set up an ensign for the nations , and shall assemble the outcasts of Israel , and gather together the dispersed of Judah from the four corners of the earth .
11 : 13 The envy also of Ephraim shall depart , and the adversaries of Judah shall be cut off : Ephraim shall not envy Judah , and Judah shall not vex Ephraim .
11 : 14 But they shall fly upon the shoulders of the Philistines toward the west ; they shall spoil them of the east together : they shall lay their hand upon Edom and Moab ; and the children of Ammon shall obey them .
11 : 15 And the LORD shall utterly destroy the tongue of the Egyptian sea ; and with his mighty wind shall he shake his hand over the river , and shall smite it in the seven streams , and make men go over dryshod .
11 : 16 And there shall be an highway for the remnant of his people , which shall be left , from Assyria ; like as it was to Israel in the day that he came up out of the land of Egypt .
12 : 3 Therefore with joy shall ye draw water out of the wells of salvation .
12 : 4 And in that day shall ye say , Praise the LORD , call upon his name , declare his doings among the people , make mention that his name is exalted .
13 : 6 Howl ye ; for the day of the LORD is at hand ; it shall come as a destruction from the Almighty .
13 : 7 Therefore shall all hands be faint , and every man ' s heart shall melt : 13 : 8 And they shall be afraid : pangs and sorrows shall take hold of them ; they shall be in pain as a woman that travaileth : they shall be amazed one at another ; their faces shall be as flames .
13 : 9 Behold , the day of the LORD cometh , cruel both with wrath and fierce anger , to lay the land desolate : and he shall destroy the sinners thereof out of it .
13 : 10 For the stars of heaven and the constellations thereof shall not give their light : the sun shall be darkened in his going forth , and the moon shall not cause her light to shine .
13 : 13 Therefore I will shake the heavens , and the earth shall remove out of her place , in the wrath of the LORD of hosts , and in the day of his fierce anger .
13 : 14 And it shall be as the chased roe , and as a sheep that no man taketh up : they shall every man turn to his own people , and flee every one into his own land .
13 : 15 Every one that is found shall be thrust through ; and every one that is joined unto them shall fall by the sword .
13 : 16 Their children also shall be dashed to pieces before their eyes ; their houses shall be spoiled , and their wives ravished .
13 : 17 Behold , I will stir up the Medes against them , which shall not regard silver ; and as for gold , they shall not delight in it .
13 : 18 Their bows also shall dash the young men to pieces ; and they shall have no pity on the fruit of the womb ; their eyes shall not spare children .
13 : 19 And Babylon , the glory of kingdoms , the beauty of the Chaldees ' excellency , shall be as when God overthrew Sodom and Gomorrah .
13 : 20 It shall never be inhabited , neither shall it be dwelt in from generation to generation : neither shall the Arabian pitch tent there ; neither shall the shepherds make their fold there .
13 : 21 But wild beasts of the desert shall lie there ; and their houses shall be full of doleful creatures ; and owls shall dwell there , and satyrs shall dance there .
13 : 22 And the wild beasts of the islands shall cry in their desolate houses , and dragons in their pleasant palaces : and her time is near to come , and her days shall not be prolonged .
14 : 1 For the LORD will have mercy on Jacob , and will yet choose Israel , and set them in their own land : and the strangers shall be joined with them , and they shall cleave to the house of Jacob .
14 : 2 And the people shall take them , and bring them to their place : and the house of Israel shall possess them in the land of the LORD for servants and handmaids : and they shall take them captives , whose captives they were ; and they shall rule over their oppressors .
14 : 3 And it shall come to pass in the day that the LORD shall give thee rest from thy sorrow , and from thy fear , and from the hard bondage wherein thou wast made to serve , 14 : 4 That thou shalt take up this proverb against the king of Babylon , and say , How hath the oppressor ceased !
14 : 10 All they shall speak and say unto thee , Art thou also become weak as we ?
14 : 16 They that see thee shall narrowly look upon thee , and consider thee , saying , Is this the man that made the earth to tremble , that did shake kingdoms ; 14 : 17 That made the world as a wilderness , and destroyed the cities thereof ; that opened not the house of his prisoners ?
14 : 20 Thou shalt not be joined with them in burial , because thou hast destroyed thy land , and slain thy people : the seed of evildoers shall never be renowned .
14 : 24 The LORD of hosts hath sworn , saying , Surely as I have thought , so shall it come to pass ; and as I have purposed , so shall it stand : 14 : 25 That I will break the Assyrian in my land , and upon my mountains tread him under foot : then shall his yoke depart from off them , and his burden depart from off their shoulders .
14 : 27 For the LORD of hosts hath purposed , and who shall disannul it ?
and his hand is stretched out , and who shall turn it back ?
14 : 29 Rejoice not thou , whole Palestina , because the rod of him that smote thee is broken : for out of the serpent ' s root shall come forth a cockatrice , and his fruit shall be a fiery flying serpent .
14 : 30 And the firstborn of the poor shall feed , and the needy shall lie down in safety : and I will kill thy root with famine , and he shall slay thy remnant .
14 : 31 Howl , O gate ; cry , O city ; thou , whole Palestina , art dissolved : for there shall come from the north a smoke , and none shall be alone in his appointed times .
14 : 32 What shall one then answer the messengers of the nation ?
That the LORD hath founded Zion , and the poor of his people shall trust in it .
Because in the night Ar of Moab is laid waste , and brought to silence ; because in the night Kir of Moab is laid waste , and brought to silence ; 15 : 2 He is gone up to Bajith , and to Dibon , the high places , to weep : Moab shall howl over Nebo , and over Medeba : on all their heads shall be baldness , and every beard cut off .
15 : 3 In their streets they shall gird themselves with sackcloth : on the tops of their houses , and in their streets , every one shall howl , weeping abundantly .
15 : 4 And Heshbon shall cry , and Elealeh : their voice shall be heard even unto Jahaz : therefore the armed soldiers of Moab shall cry out ; his life shall be grievous unto him .
15 : 5 My heart shall cry out for Moab ; his fugitives shall flee unto Zoar , an heifer of three years old : for by the mounting up of Luhith with weeping shall they go it up ; for in the way of Horonaim they shall raise up a cry of destruction .
15 : 6 For the waters of Nimrim shall be desolate : for the hay is withered away , the grass faileth , there is no green thing .
15 : 7 Therefore the abundance they have gotten , and that which they have laid up , shall they carry away to the brook of the willows .
15 : 9 For the waters of Dimon shall be full of blood : for I will bring more upon Dimon , lions upon him that escapeth of Moab , and upon the remnant of the land .
16 : 2 For it shall be , that , as a wandering bird cast out of the nest , so the daughters of Moab shall be at the fords of Arnon .
16 : 5 And in mercy shall the throne be established : and he shall sit upon it in truth in the tabernacle of David , judging , and seeking judgment , and hasting righteousness .
16 : 6 We have heard of the pride of Moab ; he is very proud : even of his haughtiness , and his pride , and his wrath : but his lies shall not be so .
16 : 7 Therefore shall Moab howl for Moab , every one shall howl : for the foundations of Kirhareseth shall ye mourn ; surely they are stricken .
16 : 10 And gladness is taken away , and joy out of the plentiful field ; and in the vineyards there shall be no singing , neither shall there be shouting : the treaders shall tread out no wine in their presses ; I have made their vintage shouting to cease .
16 : 11 Wherefore my bowels shall sound like an harp for Moab , and mine inward parts for Kirharesh .
16 : 12 And it shall come to pass , when it is seen that Moab is weary on the high place , that he shall come to his sanctuary to pray ; but he shall not prevail .
16 : 14 But now the LORD hath spoken , saying , Within three years , as the years of an hireling , and the glory of Moab shall be contemned , with all that great multitude ; and the remnant shall be very small and feeble .
Behold , Damascus is taken away from being a city , and it shall be a ruinous heap .
17 : 2 The cities of Aroer are forsaken : they shall be for flocks , which shall lie down , and none shall make them afraid .
17 : 3 The fortress also shall cease from Ephraim , and the kingdom from Damascus , and the remnant of Syria : they shall be as the glory of the children of Israel , saith the LORD of hosts .
17 : 4 And in that day it shall come to pass , that the glory of Jacob shall be made thin , and the fatness of his flesh shall wax lean .
17 : 5 And it shall be as when the harvestman gathereth the corn , and reapeth the ears with his arm ; and it shall be as he that gathereth ears in the valley of Rephaim .
17 : 6 Yet gleaning grapes shall be left in it , as the shaking of an olive tree , two or three berries in the top of the uppermost bough , four or five in the outmost fruitful branches thereof , saith the LORD God of Israel .
17 : 7 At that day shall a man look to his Maker , and his eyes shall have respect to the Holy One of Israel .
17 : 8 And he shall not look to the altars , the work of his hands , neither shall respect that which his fingers have made , either the groves , or the images .
17 : 9 In that day shall his strong cities be as a forsaken bough , and an uppermost branch , which they left because of the children of Israel : and there shall be desolation .
17 : 10 Because thou hast forgotten the God of thy salvation , and hast not been mindful of the rock of thy strength , therefore shalt thou plant pleasant plants , and shalt set it with strange slips : 17 : 11 In the day shalt thou make thy plant to grow , and in the morning shalt thou make thy seed to flourish : but the harvest shall be a heap in the day of grief and of desperate sorrow .
17 : 13 The nations shall rush like the rushing of many waters : but God shall rebuke them , and they shall flee far off , and shall be chased as the chaff of the mountains before the wind , and like a rolling thing before the whirlwind .
18 : 5 For afore the harvest , when the bud is perfect , and the sour grape is ripening in the flower , he shall both cut off the sprigs with pruning hooks , and take away and cut down the branches .
18 : 6 They shall be left together unto the fowls of the mountains , and to the beasts of the earth : and the fowls shall summer upon them , and all the beasts of the earth shall winter upon them .
18 : 7 In that time shall the present be brought unto the LORD of hosts of a people scattered and peeled , and from a people terrible from their beginning hitherto ; a nation meted out and trodden under foot , whose land the rivers have spoiled , to the place of the name of the LORD of hosts , the mount Zion .
Behold , the LORD rideth upon a swift cloud , and shall come into Egypt : and the idols of Egypt shall be moved at his presence , and the heart of Egypt shall melt in the midst of it .
19 : 2 And I will set the Egyptians against the Egyptians : and they shall fight every one against his brother , and every one against his neighbour ; city against city , and kingdom against kingdom .
19 : 3 And the spirit of Egypt shall fail in the midst thereof ; and I will destroy the counsel thereof : and they shall seek to the idols , and to the charmers , and to them that have familiar spirits , and to the wizards .
19 : 4 And the Egyptians will I give over into the hand of a cruel lord ; and a fierce king shall rule over them , saith the Lord , the LORD of hosts .
19 : 5 And the waters shall fail from the sea , and the river shall be wasted and dried up .
19 : 6 And they shall turn the rivers far away ; and the brooks of defence shall be emptied and dried up : the reeds and flags shall wither .
19 : 7 The paper reeds by the brooks , by the mouth of the brooks , and every thing sown by the brooks , shall wither , be driven away , and be no more .
19 : 8 The fishers also shall mourn , and all they that cast angle into the brooks shall lament , and they that spread nets upon the waters shall languish .
19 : 9 Moreover they that work in fine flax , and they that weave networks , shall be confounded .
19 : 10 And they shall be broken in the purposes thereof , all that make sluices and ponds for fish .
19 : 15 Neither shall there be any work for Egypt , which the head or tail , branch or rush , may do .
19 : 16 In that day shall Egypt be like unto women : and it shall be afraid and fear because of the shaking of the hand of the LORD of hosts , which he shaketh over it .
19 : 17 And the land of Judah shall be a terror unto Egypt , every one that maketh mention thereof shall be afraid in himself , because of the counsel of the LORD of hosts , which he hath determined against it .
19 : 18 In that day shall five cities in the land of Egypt speak the language of Canaan , and swear to the LORD of hosts ; one shall be called , The city of destruction .
19 : 19 In that day shall there be an altar to the LORD in the midst of the land of Egypt , and a pillar at the border thereof to the LORD .
19 : 20 And it shall be for a sign and for a witness unto the LORD of hosts in the land of Egypt : for they shall cry unto the LORD because of the oppressors , and he shall send them a saviour , and a great one , and he shall deliver them .
19 : 21 And the LORD shall be known to Egypt , and the Egyptians shall know the LORD in that day , and shall do sacrifice and oblation ; yea , they shall vow a vow unto the LORD , and perform it .
19 : 22 And the LORD shall smite Egypt : he shall smite and heal it : and they shall return even to the LORD , and he shall be intreated of them , and shall heal them .
19 : 23 In that day shall there be a highway out of Egypt to Assyria , and the Assyrian shall come into Egypt , and the Egyptian into Assyria , and the Egyptians shall serve with the Assyrians .
19 : 24 In that day shall Israel be the third with Egypt and with Assyria , even a blessing in the midst of the land : 19 : 25 Whom the LORD of hosts shall bless , saying , Blessed be Egypt my people , and Assyria the work of my hands , and Israel mine inheritance .
20 : 3 And the LORD said , Like as my servant Isaiah hath walked naked and barefoot three years for a sign and wonder upon Egypt and upon Ethiopia ; 20 : 4 So shall the king of Assyria lead away the Egyptians prisoners , and the Ethiopians captives , young and old , naked and barefoot , even with their buttocks uncovered , to the shame of Egypt .
20 : 5 And they shall be afraid and ashamed of Ethiopia their expectation , and of Egypt their glory .
20 : 6 And the inhabitant of this isle shall say in that day , Behold , such is our expectation , whither we flee for help to be delivered from the king of Assyria : and how shall we escape ?
In the forest in Arabia shall ye lodge , O ye travelling companies of Dedanim .
21 : 16 For thus hath the LORD said unto me , Within a year , according to the years of an hireling , and all the glory of Kedar shall fail : 21 : 17 And the residue of the number of archers , the mighty men of the children of Kedar , shall be diminished : for the LORD God of Israel hath spoken it .
22 : 7 And it shall come to pass , that thy choicest valleys shall be full of chariots , and the horsemen shall set themselves in array at the gate .
22 : 12 And in that day did the Lord GOD of hosts call to weeping , and to mourning , and to baldness , and to girding with sackcloth : 22 : 13 And behold joy and gladness , slaying oxen , and killing sheep , eating flesh , and drinking wine : let us eat and drink ; for to morrow we shall die .
22 : 14 And it was revealed in mine ears by the LORD of hosts , Surely this iniquity shall not be purged from you till ye die , saith the Lord GOD of hosts .
22 : 18 He will surely violently turn and toss thee like a ball into a large country : there shalt thou die , and there the chariots of thy glory shall be the shame of thy lord ' s house .
22 : 19 And I will drive thee from thy station , and from thy state shall he pull thee down .
22 : 20 And it shall come to pass in that day , that I will call my servant Eliakim the son of Hilkiah : 22 : 21 And I will clothe him with thy robe , and strengthen him with thy girdle , and I will commit thy government into his hand : and he shall be a father to the inhabitants of Jerusalem , and to the house of Judah .
22 : 22 And the key of the house of David will I lay upon his shoulder ; so he shall open , and none shall shut ; and he shall shut , and none shall open .
22 : 23 And I will fasten him as a nail in a sure place ; and he shall be for a glorious throne to his father ' s house .
22 : 24 And they shall hang upon him all the glory of his father ' s house , the offspring and the issue , all vessels of small quantity , from the vessels of cups , even to all the vessels of flagons .
22 : 25 In that day , saith the LORD of hosts , shall the nail that is fastened in the sure place be removed , and be cut down , and fall ; and the burden that was upon it shall be cut off : for the LORD hath spoken it .
23 : 5 As at the report concerning Egypt , so shall they be sorely pained at the report of Tyre .
her own feet shall carry her afar off to sojourn .
23 : 15 And it shall come to pass in that day , that Tyre shall be forgotten seventy years , according to the days of one king : after the end of seventy years shall Tyre sing as an harlot .
23 : 17 And it shall come to pass after the end of seventy years , that the LORD will visit Tyre , and she shall turn to her hire , and shall commit fornication with all the kingdoms of the world upon the face of the earth .
23 : 18 And her merchandise and her hire shall be holiness to the LORD : it shall not be treasured nor laid up ; for her merchandise shall be for them that dwell before the LORD , to eat sufficiently , and for durable clothing .
24 : 2 And it shall be , as with the people , so with the priest ; as with the servant , so with his master ; as with the maid , so with her mistress ; as with the buyer , so with the seller ; as with the lender , so with the borrower ; as with the taker of usury , so with the giver of usury to him .
24 : 3 The land shall be utterly emptied , and utterly spoiled : for the LORD hath spoken this word .
24 : 9 They shall not drink wine with a song ; strong drink shall be bitter to them that drink it .
24 : 13 When thus it shall be in the midst of the land among the people , there shall be as the shaking of an olive tree , and as the gleaning grapes when the vintage is done .
24 : 14 They shall lift up their voice , they shall sing for the majesty of the LORD , they shall cry aloud from the sea .
24 : 18 And it shall come to pass , that he who fleeth from the noise of the fear shall fall into the pit ; and he that cometh up out of the midst of the pit shall be taken in the snare : for the windows from on high are open , and the foundations of the earth do shake .
24 : 20 The earth shall reel to and fro like a drunkard , and shall be removed like a cottage ; and the transgression thereof shall be heavy upon it ; and it shall fall , and not rise again .
24 : 21 And it shall come to pass in that day , that the LORD shall punish the host of the high ones that are on high , and the kings of the earth upon the earth .
24 : 22 And they shall be gathered together , as prisoners are gathered in the pit , and shall be shut up in the prison , and after many days shall they be visited .
24 : 23 Then the moon shall be confounded , and the sun ashamed , when the LORD of hosts shall reign in mount Zion , and in Jerusalem , and before his ancients gloriously .
25 : 2 For thou hast made of a city an heap ; of a defenced city a ruin : a palace of strangers to be no city ; it shall never be built .
25 : 3 Therefore shall the strong people glorify thee , the city of the terrible nations shall fear thee .
25 : 5 Thou shalt bring down the noise of strangers , as the heat in a dry place ; even the heat with the shadow of a cloud : the branch of the terrible ones shall be brought low .
25 : 6 And in this mountain shall the LORD of hosts make unto all people a feast of fat things , a feast of wines on the lees , of fat things full of marrow , of wines on the lees well refined .
25 : 8 He will swallow up death in victory ; and the Lord GOD will wipe away tears from off all faces ; and the rebuke of his people shall he take away from off all the earth : for the LORD hath spoken it .
25 : 9 And it shall be said in that day , Lo , this is our God ; we have waited for him , and he will save us : this is the LORD ; we have waited for him , we will be glad and rejoice in his salvation .
25 : 10 For in this mountain shall the hand of the LORD rest , and Moab shall be trodden down under him , even as straw is trodden down for the dunghill .
25 : 11 And he shall spread forth his hands in the midst of them , as he that swimmeth spreadeth forth his hands to swim : and he shall bring down their pride together with the spoils of their hands .
25 : 12 And the fortress of the high fort of thy walls shall he bring down , lay low , and bring to the ground , even to the dust .
26 : 1 In that day shall this song be sung in the land of Judah ; We have a strong city ; salvation will God appoint for walls and bulwarks .
26 : 6 The foot shall tread it down , even the feet of the poor , and the steps of the needy .
26 : 11 LORD , when thy hand is lifted up , they will not see : but they shall see , and be ashamed for their envy at the people ; yea , the fire of thine enemies shall devour them .
26 : 14 They are dead , they shall not live ; they are deceased , they shall not rise : therefore hast thou visited and destroyed them , and made all their memory to perish .
26 : 19 Thy dead men shall live , together with my dead body shall they arise .
Awake and sing , ye that dwell in dust : for thy dew is as the dew of herbs , and the earth shall cast out the dead .
26 : 21 For , behold , the LORD cometh out of his place to punish the inhabitants of the earth for their iniquity : the earth also shall disclose her blood , and shall no more cover her slain .
27 : 1 In that day the LORD with his sore and great and strong sword shall punish leviathan the piercing serpent , even leviathan that crooked serpent ; and he shall slay the dragon that is in the sea .
27 : 5 Or let him take hold of my strength , that he may make peace with me ; and he shall make peace with me .
27 : 6 He shall cause them that come of Jacob to take root : Israel shall blossom and bud , and fill the face of the world with fruit .
27 : 9 By this therefore shall the iniquity of Jacob be purged ; and this is all the fruit to take away his sin ; when he maketh all the stones of the altar as chalkstones that are beaten in sunder , the groves and images shall not stand up .
27 : 10 Yet the defenced city shall be desolate , and the habitation forsaken , and left like a wilderness : there shall the calf feed , and there shall he lie down , and consume the branches thereof .
27 : 11 When the boughs thereof are withered , they shall be broken off : the women come , and set them on fire : for it is a people of no understanding : therefore he that made them will not have mercy on them , and he that formed them will shew them no favour .
27 : 12 And it shall come to pass in that day , that the LORD shall beat off from the channel of the river unto the stream of Egypt , and ye shall be gathered one by one , O ye children of Israel .
27 : 13 And it shall come to pass in that day , that the great trumpet shall be blown , and they shall come which were ready to perish in the land of Assyria , and the outcasts in the land of Egypt , and shall worship the LORD in the holy mount at Jerusalem .
28 : 2 Behold , the Lord hath a mighty and strong one , which as a tempest of hail and a destroying storm , as a flood of mighty waters overflowing , shall cast down to the earth with the hand .
28 : 3 The crown of pride , the drunkards of Ephraim , shall be trodden under feet : 28 : 4 And the glorious beauty , which is on the head of the fat valley , shall be a fading flower , and as the hasty fruit before the summer ; which when he that looketh upon it seeth , while it is yet in his hand he eateth it up .
28 : 5 In that day shall the LORD of hosts be for a crown of glory , and for a diadem of beauty , unto the residue of his people , 28 : 6 And for a spirit of judgment to him that sitteth in judgment , and for strength to them that turn the battle to the gate .
28 : 9 Whom shall he teach knowledge ?
and whom shall he make to understand doctrine ?
28 : 15 Because ye have said , We have made a covenant with death , and with hell are we at agreement ; when the overflowing scourge shall pass through , it shall not come unto us : for we have made lies our refuge , and under falsehood have we hid ourselves : 28 : 16 Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD , Behold , I lay in Zion for a foundation a stone , a tried stone , a precious corner stone , a sure foundation : he that believeth shall not make haste .
28 : 17 Judgment also will I lay to the line , and righteousness to the plummet : and the hail shall sweep away the refuge of lies , and the waters shall overflow the hiding place .
28 : 18 And your covenant with death shall be disannulled , and your agreement with hell shall not stand ; when the overflowing scourge shall pass through , then ye shall be trodden down by it .
28 : 19 From the time that it goeth forth it shall take you : for morning by morning shall it pass over , by day and by night : and it shall be a vexation only to understand the report .
28 : 21 For the LORD shall rise up as in mount Perazim , he shall be wroth as in the valley of Gibeon , that he may do his work , his strange work ; and bring to pass his act , his strange act .
29 : 2 Yet I will distress Ariel , and there shall be heaviness and sorrow : and it shall be unto me as Ariel .
29 : 4 And thou shalt be brought down , and shalt speak out of the ground , and thy speech shall be low out of the dust , and thy voice shall be , as of one that hath a familiar spirit , out of the ground , and thy speech shall whisper out of the dust .
29 : 5 Moreover the multitude of thy strangers shall be like small dust , and the multitude of the terrible ones shall be as chaff that passeth away : yea , it shall be at an instant suddenly .
29 : 7 And the multitude of all the nations that fight against Ariel , even all that fight against her and her munition , and that distress her , shall be as a dream of a night vision .
29 : 8 It shall even be as when an hungry man dreameth , and , behold , he eateth ; but he awaketh , and his soul is empty : or as when a thirsty man dreameth , and , behold , he drinketh ; but he awaketh , and , behold , he is faint , and his soul hath appetite : so shall the multitude of all the nations be , that fight against mount Zion .
29 : 13 Wherefore the Lord said , Forasmuch as this people draw near me with their mouth , and with their lips do honour me , but have removed their heart far from me , and their fear toward me is taught by the precept of men : 29 : 14 Therefore , behold , I will proceed to do a marvellous work among this people , even a marvellous work and a wonder : for the wisdom of their wise men shall perish , and the understanding of their prudent men shall be hid .
29 : 16 Surely your turning of things upside down shall be esteemed as the potter ' s clay : for shall the work say of him that made it , He made me not ?
or shall the thing framed say of him that framed it , He had no understanding ?
29 : 17 Is it not yet a very little while , and Lebanon shall be turned into a fruitful field , and the fruitful field shall be esteemed as a forest ?
29 : 18 And in that day shall the deaf hear the words of the book , and the eyes of the blind shall see out of obscurity , and out of darkness .
29 : 19 The meek also shall increase their joy in the LORD , and the poor among men shall rejoice in the Holy One of Israel .
29 : 22 Therefore thus saith the LORD , who redeemed Abraham , concerning the house of Jacob , Jacob shall not now be ashamed , neither shall his face now wax pale .
29 : 23 But when he seeth his children , the work of mine hands , in the midst of him , they shall sanctify my name , and sanctify the Holy One of Jacob , and shall fear the God of Israel .
29 : 24 They also that erred in spirit shall come to understanding , and they that murmured shall learn doctrine .
30 : 3 Therefore shall the strength of Pharaoh be your shame , and the trust in the shadow of Egypt your confusion .
30 : 6 The burden of the beasts of the south : into the land of trouble and anguish , from whence come the young and old lion , the viper and fiery flying serpent , they will carry their riches upon the shoulders of young asses , and their treasures upon the bunches of camels , to a people that shall not profit them .
30 : 7 For the Egyptians shall help in vain , and to no purpose : therefore have I cried concerning this , Their strength is to sit still .
30 : 12 Wherefore thus saith the Holy One of Israel , Because ye despise this word , and trust in oppression and perverseness , and stay thereon : 30 : 13 Therefore this iniquity shall be to you as a breach ready to fall , swelling out in a high wall , whose breaking cometh suddenly at an instant .
30 : 14 And he shall break it as the breaking of the potters ' vessel that is broken in pieces ; he shall not spare : so that there shall not be found in the bursting of it a sherd to take fire from the hearth , or to take water withal out of the pit .
30 : 15 For thus saith the Lord GOD , the Holy One of Israel ; In returning and rest shall ye be saved ; in quietness and in confidence shall be your strength : and ye would not .
30 : 16 But ye said , No ; for we will flee upon horses ; therefore shall ye flee : and , We will ride upon the swift ; therefore shall they that pursue you be swift .
30 : 17 One thousand shall flee at the rebuke of one ; at the rebuke of five shall ye flee : till ye be left as a beacon upon the top of a mountain , and as an ensign on an hill .
30 : 19 For the people shall dwell in Zion at Jerusalem : thou shalt weep no more : he will be very gracious unto thee at the voice of thy cry ; when he shall hear it , he will answer thee .
30 : 20 And though the Lord give you the bread of adversity , and the water of affliction , yet shall not thy teachers be removed into a corner any more , but thine eyes shall see thy teachers : 30 : 21 And thine ears shall hear a word behind thee , saying , This is the way , walk ye in it , when ye turn to the right hand , and when ye turn to the left .
30 : 22 Ye shall defile also the covering of thy graven images of silver , and the ornament of thy molten images of gold : thou shalt cast them away as a menstruous cloth ; thou shalt say unto it , Get thee hence .
30 : 23 Then shall he give the rain of thy seed , that thou shalt sow the ground withal ; and bread of the increase of the earth , and it shall be fat and plenteous : in that day shall thy cattle feed in large pastures .
30 : 24 The oxen likewise and the young asses that ear the ground shall eat clean provender , which hath been winnowed with the shovel and with the fan .
30 : 25 And there shall be upon every high mountain , and upon every high hill , rivers and streams of waters in the day of the great slaughter , when the towers fall .
30 : 26 Moreover the light of the moon shall be as the light of the sun , and the light of the sun shall be sevenfold , as the light of seven days , in the day that the LORD bindeth up the breach of his people , and healeth the stroke of their wound .
30 : 27 Behold , the name of the LORD cometh from far , burning with his anger , and the burden thereof is heavy : his lips are full of indignation , and his tongue as a devouring fire : 30 : 28 And his breath , as an overflowing stream , shall reach to the midst of the neck , to sift the nations with the sieve of vanity : and there shall be a bridle in the jaws of the people , causing them to err .
30 : 29 Ye shall have a song , as in the night when a holy solemnity is kept ; and gladness of heart , as when one goeth with a pipe to come into the mountain of the LORD , to the mighty One of Israel .
30 : 30 And the LORD shall cause his glorious voice to be heard , and shall shew the lighting down of his arm , with the indignation of his anger , and with the flame of a devouring fire , with scattering , and tempest , and hailstones .
30 : 31 For through the voice of the LORD shall the Assyrian be beaten down , which smote with a rod .
30 : 32 And in every place where the grounded staff shall pass , which the LORD shall lay upon him , it shall be with tabrets and harps : and in battles of shaking will he fight with it .
When the LORD shall stretch out his hand , both he that helpeth shall fall , and he that is holpen shall fall down , and they all shall fail together .
31 : 4 For thus hath the LORD spoken unto me , Like as the lion and the young lion roaring on his prey , when a multitude of shepherds is called forth against him , he will not be afraid of their voice , nor abase himself for the noise of them : so shall the LORD of hosts come down to fight for mount Zion , and for the hill thereof .
31 : 7 For in that day every man shall cast away his idols of silver , and his idols of gold , which your own hands have made unto you for a sin .
31 : 8 Then shall the Assyrian fall with the sword , not of a mighty man ; and the sword , not of a mean man , shall devour him : but he shall flee from the sword , and his young men shall be discomfited .
31 : 9 And he shall pass over to his strong hold for fear , and his princes shall be afraid of the ensign , saith the LORD , whose fire is in Zion , and his furnace in Jerusalem .
32 : 1 Behold , a king shall reign in righteousness , and princes shall rule in judgment .
32 : 2 And a man shall be as an hiding place from the wind , and a covert from the tempest ; as rivers of water in a dry place , as the shadow of a great rock in a weary land .
32 : 3 And the eyes of them that see shall not be dim , and the ears of them that hear shall hearken .
32 : 4 The heart also of the rash shall understand knowledge , and the tongue of the stammerers shall be ready to speak plainly .
32 : 5 The vile person shall be no more called liberal , nor the churl said to be bountiful .
32 : 8 But the liberal deviseth liberal things ; and by liberal things shall he stand .
32 : 10 Many days and years shall ye be troubled , ye careless women : for the vintage shall fail , the gathering shall not come .
32 : 12 They shall lament for the teats , for the pleasant fields , for the fruitful vine .
32 : 13 Upon the land of my people shall come up thorns and briers ; yea , upon all the houses of joy in the joyous city : 32 : 14 Because the palaces shall be forsaken ; the multitude of the city shall be left ; the forts and towers shall be for dens for ever , a joy of wild asses , a pasture of flocks ; 32 : 15 Until the spirit be poured upon us from on high , and the wilderness be a fruitful field , and the fruitful field be counted for a forest .
32 : 16 Then judgment shall dwell in the wilderness , and righteousness remain in the fruitful field .
32 : 17 And the work of righteousness shall be peace ; and the effect of righteousness quietness and assurance for ever .
32 : 18 And my people shall dwell in a peaceable habitation , and in sure dwellings , and in quiet resting places ; 32 : 19 When it shall hail , coming down on the forest ; and the city shall be low in a low place .
when thou shalt cease to spoil , thou shalt be spoiled ; and when thou shalt make an end to deal treacherously , they shall deal treacherously with thee .
33 : 4 And your spoil shall be gathered like the gathering of the caterpiller : as the running to and fro of locusts shall he run upon them .
33 : 6 And wisdom and knowledge shall be the stability of thy times , and strength of salvation : the fear of the LORD is his treasure .
33 : 7 Behold , their valiant ones shall cry without : the ambassadors of peace shall weep bitterly .
33 : 11 Ye shall conceive chaff , ye shall bring forth stubble : your breath , as fire , shall devour you .
33 : 12 And the people shall be as the burnings of lime : as thorns cut up shall they be burned in the fire .
Who among us shall dwell with the devouring fire ?
who among us shall dwell with everlasting burnings ?
33 : 15 He that walketh righteously , and speaketh uprightly ; he that despiseth the gain of oppressions , that shaketh his hands from holding of bribes , that stoppeth his ears from hearing of blood , and shutteth his eyes from seeing evil ; 33 : 16 He shall dwell on high : his place of defence shall be the munitions of rocks : bread shall be given him ; his waters shall be sure .
33 : 17 Thine eyes shall see the king in his beauty : they shall behold the land that is very far off .
33 : 18 Thine heart shall meditate terror .
33 : 20 Look upon Zion , the city of our solemnities : thine eyes shall see Jerusalem a quiet habitation , a tabernacle that shall not be taken down ; not one of the stakes thereof shall ever be removed , neither shall any of the cords thereof be broken .
33 : 21 But there the glorious LORD will be unto us a place of broad rivers and streams ; wherein shall go no galley with oars , neither shall gallant ship pass thereby .
33 : 24 And the inhabitant shall not say , I am sick : the people that dwell therein shall be forgiven their iniquity .
34 : 3 Their slain also shall be cast out , and their stink shall come up out of their carcases , and the mountains shall be melted with their blood .
34 : 4 And all the host of heaven shall be dissolved , and the heavens shall be rolled together as a scroll : and all their host shall fall down , as the leaf falleth off from the vine , and as a falling fig from the fig tree .
34 : 5 For my sword shall be bathed in heaven : behold , it shall come down upon Idumea , and upon the people of my curse , to judgment .
34 : 7 And the unicorns shall come down with them , and the bullocks with the bulls ; and their land shall be soaked with blood , and their dust made fat with fatness .
34 : 9 And the streams thereof shall be turned into pitch , and the dust thereof into brimstone , and the land thereof shall become burning pitch .
34 : 10 It shall not be quenched night nor day ; the smoke thereof shall go up for ever : from generation to generation it shall lie waste ; none shall pass through it for ever and ever .
34 : 11 But the cormorant and the bittern shall possess it ; the owl also and the raven shall dwell in it : and he shall stretch out upon it the line of confusion , and the stones of emptiness .
34 : 12 They shall call the nobles thereof to the kingdom , but none shall be there , and all her princes shall be nothing .
34 : 13 And thorns shall come up in her palaces , nettles and brambles in the fortresses thereof : and it shall be an habitation of dragons , and a court for owls .
34 : 14 The wild beasts of the desert shall also meet with the wild beasts of the island , and the satyr shall cry to his fellow ; the screech owl also shall rest there , and find for herself a place of rest .
34 : 15 There shall the great owl make her nest , and lay , and hatch , and gather under her shadow : there shall the vultures also be gathered , every one with her mate .
34 : 16 Seek ye out of the book of the LORD , and read : no one of these shall fail , none shall want her mate : for my mouth it hath commanded , and his spirit it hath gathered them .
34 : 17 And he hath cast the lot for them , and his hand hath divided it unto them by line : they shall possess it for ever , from generation to generation shall they dwell therein .
35 : 1 The wilderness and the solitary place shall be glad for them ; and the desert shall rejoice , and blossom as the rose .
35 : 2 It shall blossom abundantly , and rejoice even with joy and singing : the glory of Lebanon shall be given unto it , the excellency of Carmel and Sharon , they shall see the glory of the LORD , and the excellency of our God .
35 : 5 Then the eyes of the blind shall be opened , and the ears of the deaf shall be unstopped .
35 : 6 Then shall the lame man leap as an hart , and the tongue of the dumb sing : for in the wilderness shall waters break out , and streams in the desert .
35 : 7 And the parched ground shall become a pool , and the thirsty land springs of water : in the habitation of dragons , where each lay , shall be grass with reeds and rushes .
35 : 8 And an highway shall be there , and a way , and it shall be called The way of holiness ; the unclean shall not pass over it ; but it shall be for those : the wayfaring men , though fools , shall not err therein .
35 : 9 No lion shall be there , nor any ravenous beast shall go up thereon , it shall not be found there ; but the redeemed shall walk there : 35 : 10 And the ransomed of the LORD shall return , and come to Zion with songs and everlasting joy upon their heads : they shall obtain joy and gladness , and sorrow and sighing shall flee away .
36 : 7 But if thou say to me , We trust in the LORD our God : is it not he , whose high places and whose altars Hezekiah hath taken away , and said to Judah and to Jerusalem , Ye shall worship before this altar ?
36 : 14 Thus saith the king , Let not Hezekiah deceive you : for he shall not be able to deliver you .
36 : 15 Neither let Hezekiah make you trust in the LORD , saying , The LORD will surely deliver us : this city shall not be delivered into the hand of the king of Assyria .
37 : 6 And Isaiah said unto them , Thus shall ye say unto your master , Thus saith the LORD , Be not afraid of the words that thou hast heard , wherewith the servants of the king of Assyria have blasphemed me .
37 : 7 Behold , I will send a blast upon him , and he shall hear a rumour , and return to his own land ; and I will cause him to fall by the sword in his own land .
And when he heard it , he sent messengers to Hezekiah , saying , 37 : 10 Thus shall ye speak to Hezekiah king of Judah , saying , Let not thy God , in whom thou trustest , deceive thee , saying , Jerusalem shall not be given into the hand of the king of Assyria .
37 : 30 And this shall be a sign unto thee , Ye shall eat this year such as groweth of itself ; and the second year that which springeth of the same : and in the third year sow ye , and reap , and plant vineyards , and eat the fruit thereof .
37 : 31 And the remnant that is escaped of the house of Judah shall again take root downward , and bear fruit upward : 37 : 32 For out of Jerusalem shall go forth a remnant , and they that escape out of mount Zion : the zeal of the LORD of hosts shall do this .
37 : 33 Therefore thus saith the LORD concerning the king of Assyria , He shall not come into this city , nor shoot an arrow there , nor come before it with shields , nor cast a bank against it .
37 : 34 By the way that he came , by the same shall he return , and shall not come into this city , saith the LORD .
38 : 7 And this shall be a sign unto thee from the LORD , that the LORD will do this thing that he hath spoken ; 38 : 8 Behold , I will bring again the shadow of the degrees , which is gone down in the sun dial of Ahaz , ten degrees backward .
38 : 9 The writing of Hezekiah king of Judah , when he had been sick , and was recovered of his sickness : 38 : 10 I said in the cutting off of my days , I shall go to the gates of the grave : I am deprived of the residue of my years .
38 : 11 I said , I shall not see the LORD , even the LORD , in the land of the living : I shall behold man no more with the inhabitants of the world .
38 : 15 What shall I say ?
he hath both spoken unto me , and himself hath done it : I shall go softly all my years in the bitterness of my soul .
38 : 19 The living , the living , he shall praise thee , as I do this day : the father to the children shall make known thy truth .
38 : 21 For Isaiah had said , Let them take a lump of figs , and lay it for a plaister upon the boil , and he shall recover .
38 : 22 Hezekiah also had said , What is the sign that I shall go up to the house of the LORD ?
39 : 5 Then said Isaiah to Hezekiah , Hear the word of the LORD of hosts : 39 : 6 Behold , the days come , that all that is in thine house , and that which thy fathers have laid up in store until this day , shall be carried to Babylon : nothing shall be left , saith the LORD .
39 : 7 And of thy sons that shall issue from thee , which thou shalt beget , shall they take away ; and they shall be eunuchs in the palace of the king of Babylon .
He said moreover , For there shall be peace and truth in my days .
40 : 4 Every valley shall be exalted , and every mountain and hill shall be made low : and the crooked shall be made straight , and the rough places plain : 40 : 5 And the glory of the LORD shall be revealed , and all flesh shall see it together : for the mouth of the LORD hath spoken it .
And he said , What shall I cry ?
40 : 8 The grass withereth , the flower fadeth : but the word of our God shall stand for ever .
40 : 10 Behold , the Lord GOD will come with strong hand , and his arm shall rule for him : behold , his reward is with him , and his work before him .
40 : 11 He shall feed his flock like a shepherd : he shall gather the lambs with his arm , and carry them in his bosom , and shall gently lead those that are with young .
40 : 20 He that is so impoverished that he hath no oblation chooseth a tree that will not rot ; he seeketh unto him a cunning workman to prepare a graven image , that shall not be moved .
40 : 24 Yea , they shall not be planted ; yea , they shall not be sown : yea , their stock shall not take root in the earth : and he shall also blow upon them , and they shall wither , and the whirlwind shall take them away as stubble .
40 : 25 To whom then will ye liken me , or shall I be equal ?
40 : 30 Even the youths shall faint and be weary , and the young men shall utterly fall : 40 : 31 But they that wait upon the LORD shall renew their strength ; they shall mount up with wings as eagles ; they shall run , and not be weary ; and they shall walk , and not faint .
41 : 11 Behold , all they that were incensed against thee shall be ashamed and confounded : they shall be as nothing ; and they that strive with thee shall perish .
41 : 12 Thou shalt seek them , and shalt not find them , even them that contended with thee : they that war against thee shall be as nothing , and as a thing of nought .
41 : 16 Thou shalt fan them , and the wind shall carry them away , and the whirlwind shall scatter them : and thou shalt rejoice in the LORD , and shalt glory in the Holy One of Israel .
41 : 22 Let them bring them forth , and shew us what shall happen : let them shew the former things , what they be , that we may consider them , and know the latter end of them ; or declare us things for to come .
41 : 25 I have raised up one from the north , and he shall come : from the rising of the sun shall he call upon my name : and he shall come upon princes as upon morter , and as the potter treadeth clay .
41 : 27 The first shall say to Zion , Behold , behold them : and I will give to Jerusalem one that bringeth good tidings .
42 : 1 Behold my servant , whom I uphold ; mine elect , in whom my soul delighteth ; I have put my spirit upon him : he shall bring forth judgment to the Gentiles .
42 : 2 He shall not cry , nor lift up , nor cause his voice to be heard in the street .
42 : 3 A bruised reed shall he not break , and the smoking flax shall he not quench : he shall bring forth judgment unto truth .
42 : 4 He shall not fail nor be discouraged , till he have set judgment in the earth : and the isles shall wait for his law .
42 : 13 The LORD shall go forth as a mighty man , he shall stir up jealousy like a man of war : he shall cry , yea , roar ; he shall prevail against his enemies .
42 : 17 They shall be turned back , they shall be greatly ashamed , that trust in graven images , that say to the molten images , Ye are our gods .
43 : 2 When thou passest through the waters , I will be with thee ; and through the rivers , they shall not overflow thee : when thou walkest through the fire , thou shalt not be burned ; neither shall the flame kindle upon thee .
43 : 10 Ye are my witnesses , saith the LORD , and my servant whom I have chosen : that ye may know and believe me , and understand that I am he : before me there was no God formed , neither shall there be after me .
43 : 13 Yea , before the day was I am he ; and there is none that can deliver out of my hand : I will work , and who shall let it ?
43 : 16 Thus saith the LORD , which maketh a way in the sea , and a path in the mighty waters ; 43 : 17 Which bringeth forth the chariot and horse , the army and the power ; they shall lie down together , they shall not rise : they are extinct , they are quenched as tow .
43 : 19 Behold , I will do a new thing ; now it shall spring forth ; shall ye not know it ?
43 : 20 The beast of the field shall honour me , the dragons and the owls : because I give waters in the wilderness , and rivers in the desert , to give drink to my people , my chosen .
43 : 21 This people have I formed for myself ; they shall shew forth my praise .
44 : 3 For I will pour water upon him that is thirsty , and floods upon the dry ground : I will pour my spirit upon thy seed , and my blessing upon thine offspring : 44 : 4 And they shall spring up as among the grass , as willows by the water courses .
44 : 5 One shall say , I am the LORD ' s ; and another shall call himself by the name of Jacob ; and another shall subscribe with his hand unto the LORD , and surname himself by the name of Israel .
44 : 7 And who , as I , shall call , and shall declare it , and set it in order for me , since I appointed the ancient people ?
and the things that are coming , and shall come , let them shew unto them .
44 : 9 They that make a graven image are all of them vanity ; and their delectable things shall not profit ; and they are their own witnesses ; they see not , nor know ; that they may be ashamed .
44 : 11 Behold , all his fellows shall be ashamed : and the workmen , they are of men : let them all be gathered together , let them stand up ; yet they shall fear , and they shall be ashamed together .
44 : 15 Then shall it be for a man to burn : for he will take thereof , and warm himself ; yea , he kindleth it , and baketh bread ; yea , he maketh a god , and worshippeth it ; he maketh it a graven image , and falleth down thereto .
44 : 19 And none considereth in his heart , neither is there knowledge nor understanding to say , I have burned part of it in the fire ; yea , also I have baked bread upon the coals thereof ; I have roasted flesh , and eaten it : and shall I make the residue thereof an abomination ?
shall I fall down to the stock of a tree ?
44 : 24 Thus saith the LORD , thy redeemer , and he that formed thee from the womb , I am the LORD that maketh all things ; that stretcheth forth the heavens alone ; that spreadeth abroad the earth by myself ; 44 : 25 That frustrateth the tokens of the liars , and maketh diviners mad ; that turneth wise men backward , and maketh their knowledge foolish ; 44 : 26 That confirmeth the word of his servant , and performeth the counsel of his messengers ; that saith to Jerusalem , Thou shalt be inhabited ; and to the cities of Judah , Ye shall be built , and I will raise up the decayed places thereof : 44 : 27 That saith to the deep , Be dry , and I will dry up thy rivers : 44 : 28 That saith of Cyrus , He is my shepherd , and shall perform all my pleasure : even saying to Jerusalem , Thou shalt be built ; and to the temple , Thy foundation shall be laid .
45 : 1 Thus saith the LORD to his anointed , to Cyrus , whose right hand I have holden , to subdue nations before him ; and I will loose the loins of kings , to open before him the two leaved gates ; and the gates shall not be shut ; 45 : 2 I will go before thee , and make the crooked places straight : I will break in pieces the gates of brass , and cut in sunder the bars of iron : 45 : 3 And I will give thee the treasures of darkness , and hidden riches of secret places , that thou mayest know that I , the LORD , which call thee by thy name , am the God of Israel .
Shall the clay say to him that fashioneth it , What makest thou ?
45 : 13 I have raised him up in righteousness , and I will direct all his ways : he shall build my city , and he shall let go my captives , not for price nor reward , saith the LORD of hosts .
45 : 14 Thus saith the LORD , The labour of Egypt , and merchandise of Ethiopia and of the Sabeans , men of stature , shall come over unto thee , and they shall be thine : they shall come after thee ; in chains they shall come over , and they shall fall down unto thee , they shall make supplication unto thee , saying , Surely God is in thee ; and there is none else , there is no God .
45 : 16 They shall be ashamed , and also confounded , all of them : they shall go to confusion together that are makers of idols .
45 : 17 But Israel shall be saved in the LORD with an everlasting salvation : ye shall not be ashamed nor confounded world without end .
45 : 23 I have sworn by myself , the word is gone out of my mouth in righteousness , and shall not return , That unto me every knee shall bow , every tongue shall swear .
45 : 24 Surely , shall one say , in the LORD have I righteousness and strength : even to him shall men come ; and all that are incensed against him shall be ashamed .
45 : 25 In the LORD shall all the seed of Israel be justified , and shall glory .
46 : 7 They bear him upon the shoulder , they carry him , and set him in his place , and he standeth ; from his place shall he not remove : yea , one shall cry unto him , yet can he not answer , nor save him out of his trouble .
46 : 9 Remember the former things of old : for I am God , and there is none else ; I am God , and there is none like me , 46 : 10 Declaring the end from the beginning , and from ancient times the things that are not yet done , saying , My counsel shall stand , and I will do all my pleasure : 46 : 11 Calling a ravenous bird from the east , the man that executeth my counsel from a far country : yea , I have spoken it , I will also bring it to pass ; I have purposed it , I will also do it .
46 : 12 Hearken unto me , ye stouthearted , that are far from righteousness : 46 : 13 I bring near my righteousness ; it shall not be far off , and my salvation shall not tarry : and I will place salvation in Zion for Israel my glory .
47 : 3 Thy nakedness shall be uncovered , yea , thy shame shall be seen : I will take vengeance , and I will not meet thee as a man .
47 : 7 And thou saidst , I shall be a lady for ever : so that thou didst not lay these things to thy heart , neither didst remember the latter end of it .
47 : 8 Therefore hear now this , thou that art given to pleasures , that dwellest carelessly , that sayest in thine heart , I am , and none else beside me ; I shall not sit as a widow , neither shall I know the loss of children : 47 : 9 But these two things shall come to thee in a moment in one day , the loss of children , and widowhood : they shall come upon thee in their perfection for the multitude of thy sorceries , and for the great abundance of thine enchantments .
47 : 11 Therefore shall evil come upon thee ; thou shalt not know from whence it riseth : and mischief shall fall upon thee ; thou shalt not be able to put it off : and desolation shall come upon thee suddenly , which thou shalt not know .
Let now the astrologers , the stargazers , the monthly prognosticators , stand up , and save thee from these things that shall come upon thee .
47 : 14 Behold , they shall be as stubble ; the fire shall burn them ; they shall not deliver themselves from the power of the flame : there shall not be a coal to warm at , nor fire to sit before it .
47 : 15 Thus shall they be unto thee with whom thou hast laboured , even thy merchants , from thy youth : they shall wander every one to his quarter ; none shall save thee .
The LORD hath loved him : he will do his pleasure on Babylon , and his arm shall be on the Chaldeans .
48 : 15 I , even I , have spoken ; yea , I have called him : I have brought him , and he shall make his way prosperous .
49 : 5 And now , saith the LORD that formed me from the womb to be his servant , to bring Jacob again to him , Though Israel be not gathered , yet shall I be glorious in the eyes of the LORD , and my God shall be my strength .
49 : 7 Thus saith the LORD , the Redeemer of Israel , and his Holy One , to him whom man despiseth , to him whom the nation abhorreth , to a servant of rulers , Kings shall see and arise , princes also shall worship , because of the LORD that is faithful , and the Holy One of Israel , and he shall choose thee .
They shall feed in the ways , and their pastures shall be in all high places .
49 : 10 They shall not hunger nor thirst ; neither shall the heat nor sun smite them : for he that hath mercy on them shall lead them , even by the springs of water shall he guide them .
49 : 11 And I will make all my mountains a way , and my highways shall be exalted .
49 : 12 Behold , these shall come from far : and , lo , these from the north and from the west ; and these from the land of Sinim .
49 : 17 Thy children shall make haste ; thy destroyers and they that made thee waste shall go forth of thee .
49 : 19 For thy waste and thy desolate places , and the land of thy destruction , shall even now be too narrow by reason of the inhabitants , and they that swallowed thee up shall be far away .
49 : 20 The children which thou shalt have , after thou hast lost the other , shall say again in thine ears , The place is too strait for me : give place to me that I may dwell .
49 : 22 Thus saith the Lord GOD , Behold , I will lift up mine hand to the Gentiles , and set up my standard to the people : and they shall bring thy sons in their arms , and thy daughters shall be carried upon their shoulders .
49 : 23 And kings shall be thy nursing fathers , and their queens thy nursing mothers : they shall bow down to thee with their face toward the earth , and lick up the dust of thy feet ; and thou shalt know that I am the LORD : for they shall not be ashamed that wait for me .
49 : 24 Shall the prey be taken from the mighty , or the lawful captive delivered ?
49 : 25 But thus saith the LORD , Even the captives of the mighty shall be taken away , and the prey of the terrible shall be delivered : for I will contend with him that contendeth with thee , and I will save thy children .
49 : 26 And I will feed them that oppress thee with their own flesh ; and they shall be drunken with their own blood , as with sweet wine : and all flesh shall know that I the LORD am thy Saviour and thy Redeemer , the mighty One of Jacob .
50 : 7 For the Lord GOD will help me ; therefore shall I not be confounded : therefore have I set my face like a flint , and I know that I shall not be ashamed .
50 : 9 Behold , the Lord GOD will help me ; who is he that shall condemn me ?
lo , they all shall wax old as a garment ; the moth shall eat them up .
This shall ye have of mine hand ; ye shall lie down in sorrow .
51 : 3 For the LORD shall comfort Zion : he will comfort all her waste places ; and he will make her wilderness like Eden , and her desert like the garden of the LORD ; joy and gladness shall be found therein , thanksgiving , and the voice of melody .
51 : 4 Hearken unto me , my people ; and give ear unto me , O my nation : for a law shall proceed from me , and I will make my judgment to rest for a light of the people .
51 : 5 My righteousness is near ; my salvation is gone forth , and mine arms shall judge the people ; the isles shall wait upon me , and on mine arm shall they trust .
51 : 6 Lift up your eyes to the heavens , and look upon the earth beneath : for the heavens shall vanish away like smoke , and the earth shall wax old like a garment , and they that dwell therein shall die in like manner : but my salvation shall be for ever , and my righteousness shall not be abolished .
51 : 8 For the moth shall eat them up like a garment , and the worm shall eat them like wool : but my righteousness shall be for ever , and my salvation from generation to generation .
51 : 11 Therefore the redeemed of the LORD shall return , and come with singing unto Zion ; and everlasting joy shall be upon their head : they shall obtain gladness and joy ; and sorrow and mourning shall flee away .
51 : 12 I , even I , am he that comforteth you : who art thou , that thou shouldest be afraid of a man that shall die , and of the son of man which shall be made as grass ; 51 : 13 And forgettest the LORD thy maker , that hath stretched forth the heavens , and laid the foundations of the earth ; and hast feared continually every day because of the fury of the oppressor , as if he were ready to destroy ?
51 : 19 These two things are come unto thee ; who shall be sorry for thee ?
desolation , and destruction , and the famine , and the sword : by whom shall I comfort thee ?
52 : 1 Awake , awake ; put on thy strength , O Zion ; put on thy beautiful garments , O Jerusalem , the holy city : for henceforth there shall no more come into thee the uncircumcised and the unclean .
52 : 3 For thus saith the LORD , Ye have sold yourselves for nought ; and ye shall be redeemed without money .
52 : 6 Therefore my people shall know my name : therefore they shall know in that day that I am he that doth speak : behold , it is I .
52 : 8 Thy watchmen shall lift up the voice ; with the voice together shall they sing : for they shall see eye to eye , when the LORD shall bring again Zion .
52 : 10 The LORD hath made bare his holy arm in the eyes of all the nations ; and all the ends of the earth shall see the salvation of our God .
52 : 12 For ye shall not go out with haste , nor go by flight : for the LORD will go before you ; and the God of Israel will be your rereward .
52 : 13 Behold , my servant shall deal prudently , he shall be exalted and extolled , and be very high .
52 : 14 As many were astonied at thee ; his visage was so marred more than any man , and his form more than the sons of men : 52 : 15 So shall he sprinkle many nations ; the kings shall shut their mouths at him : for that which had not been told them shall they see ; and that which they had not heard shall they consider .
53 : 2 For he shall grow up before him as a tender plant , and as a root out of a dry ground : he hath no form nor comeliness ; and when we shall see him , there is no beauty that we should desire him .
53 : 8 He was taken from prison and from judgment : and who shall declare his generation ?
53 : 10 Yet it pleased the LORD to bruise him ; he hath put him to grief : when thou shalt make his soul an offering for sin , he shall see his seed , he shall prolong his days , and the pleasure of the LORD shall prosper in his hand .
53 : 11 He shall see of the travail of his soul , and shall be satisfied : by his knowledge shall my righteous servant justify many ; for he shall bear their iniquities .
53 : 12 Therefore will I divide him a portion with the great , and he shall divide the spoil with the strong ; because he hath poured out his soul unto death : and he was numbered with the transgressors ; and he bare the sin of many , and made intercession for the transgressors .
54 : 2 Enlarge the place of thy tent , and let them stretch forth the curtains of thine habitations : spare not , lengthen thy cords , and strengthen thy stakes ; 54 : 3 For thou shalt break forth on the right hand and on the left ; and thy seed shall inherit the Gentiles , and make the desolate cities to be inhabited .
54 : 5 For thy Maker is thine husband ; the LORD of hosts is his name ; and thy Redeemer the Holy One of Israel ; The God of the whole earth shall he be called .
54 : 10 For the mountains shall depart , and the hills be removed ; but my kindness shall not depart from thee , neither shall the covenant of my peace be removed , saith the LORD that hath mercy on thee .
54 : 13 And all thy children shall be taught of the LORD ; and great shall be the peace of thy children .
54 : 14 In righteousness shalt thou be established : thou shalt be far from oppression ; for thou shalt not fear : and from terror ; for it shall not come near thee .
54 : 15 Behold , they shall surely gather together , but not by me : whosoever shall gather together against thee shall fall for thy sake .
54 : 17 No weapon that is formed against thee shall prosper ; and every tongue that shall rise against thee in judgment thou shalt condemn .
55 : 3 Incline your ear , and come unto me : hear , and your soul shall live ; and I will make an everlasting covenant with you , even the sure mercies of David .
55 : 5 Behold , thou shalt call a nation that thou knowest not , and nations that knew not thee shall run unto thee because of the LORD thy God , and for the Holy One of Israel ; for he hath glorified thee .
55 : 10 For as the rain cometh down , and the snow from heaven , and returneth not thither , but watereth the earth , and maketh it bring forth and bud , that it may give seed to the sower , and bread to the eater : 55 : 11 So shall my word be that goeth forth out of my mouth : it shall not return unto me void , but it shall accomplish that which I please , and it shall prosper in the thing whereto I sent it .
55 : 12 For ye shall go out with joy , and be led forth with peace : the mountains and the hills shall break forth before you into singing , and all the trees of the field shall clap their hands .
55 : 13 Instead of the thorn shall come up the fir tree , and instead of the brier shall come up the myrtle tree : and it shall be to the LORD for a name , for an everlasting sign that shall not be cut off .
56 : 4 For thus saith the LORD unto the eunuchs that keep my sabbaths , and choose the things that please me , and take hold of my covenant ; 56 : 5 Even unto them will I give in mine house and within my walls a place and a name better than of sons and of daughters : I will give them an everlasting name , that shall not be cut off .
56 : 6 Also the sons of the stranger , that join themselves to the LORD , to serve him , and to love the name of the LORD , to be his servants , every one that keepeth the sabbath from polluting it , and taketh hold of my covenant ; 56 : 7 Even them will I bring to my holy mountain , and make them joyful in my house of prayer : their burnt offerings and their sacrifices shall be accepted upon mine altar ; for mine house shall be called an house of prayer for all people .
56 : 12 Come ye , say they , I will fetch wine , and we will fill ourselves with strong drink ; and to morrow shall be as this day , and much more abundant .
57 : 2 He shall enter into peace : they shall rest in their beds , each one walking in his uprightness .
57 : 12 I will declare thy righteousness , and thy works ; for they shall not profit thee .
57 : 13 When thou criest , let thy companies deliver thee ; but the wind shall carry them all away ; vanity shall take them : but he that putteth his trust in me shall possess the land , and shall inherit my holy mountain ; 57 : 14 And shall say , Cast ye up , cast ye up , prepare the way , take up the stumblingblock out of the way of my people .
58 : 4 Behold , ye fast for strife and debate , and to smite with the fist of wickedness : ye shall not fast as ye do this day , to make your voice to be heard on high .
58 : 8 Then shall thy light break forth as the morning , and thine health shall spring forth speedily : and thy righteousness shall go before thee ; the glory of the LORD shall be thy rereward .
58 : 9 Then shalt thou call , and the LORD shall answer ; thou shalt cry , and he shall say , Here I am .
If thou take away from the midst of thee the yoke , the putting forth of the finger , and speaking vanity ; 58 : 10 And if thou draw out thy soul to the hungry , and satisfy the afflicted soul ; then shall thy light rise in obscurity , and thy darkness be as the noon day : 58 : 11 And the LORD shall guide thee continually , and satisfy thy soul in drought , and make fat thy bones : and thou shalt be like a watered garden , and like a spring of water , whose waters fail not .
58 : 12 And they that shall be of thee shall build the old waste places : thou shalt raise up the foundations of many generations ; and thou shalt be called , The repairer of the breach , The restorer of paths to dwell in .
59 : 6 Their webs shall not become garments , neither shall they cover themselves with their works : their works are works of iniquity , and the act of violence is in their hands .
59 : 8 The way of peace they know not ; and there is no judgment in their goings : they have made them crooked paths : whosoever goeth therein shall not know peace .
59 : 19 So shall they fear the name of the LORD from the west , and his glory from the rising of the sun .
When the enemy shall come in like a flood , the Spirit of the LORD shall lift up a standard against him .
59 : 20 And the Redeemer shall come to Zion , and unto them that turn from transgression in Jacob , saith the LORD .
59 : 21 As for me , this is my covenant with them , saith the LORD ; My spirit that is upon thee , and my words which I have put in thy mouth , shall not depart out of thy mouth , nor out of the mouth of thy seed , nor out of the mouth of thy seed ' s seed , saith the LORD , from henceforth and for ever .
60 : 2 For , behold , the darkness shall cover the earth , and gross darkness the people : but the LORD shall arise upon thee , and his glory shall be seen upon thee .
60 : 3 And the Gentiles shall come to thy light , and kings to the brightness of thy rising .
60 : 4 Lift up thine eyes round about , and see : all they gather themselves together , they come to thee : thy sons shall come from far , and thy daughters shall be nursed at thy side .
60 : 5 Then thou shalt see , and flow together , and thine heart shall fear , and be enlarged ; because the abundance of the sea shall be converted unto thee , the forces of the Gentiles shall come unto thee .
60 : 6 The multitude of camels shall cover thee , the dromedaries of Midian and Ephah ; all they from Sheba shall come : they shall bring gold and incense ; and they shall shew forth the praises of the LORD .
60 : 7 All the flocks of Kedar shall be gathered together unto thee , the rams of Nebaioth shall minister unto thee : they shall come up with acceptance on mine altar , and I will glorify the house of my glory .
60 : 9 Surely the isles shall wait for me , and the ships of Tarshish first , to bring thy sons from far , their silver and their gold with them , unto the name of the LORD thy God , and to the Holy One of Israel , because he hath glorified thee .
60 : 10 And the sons of strangers shall build up thy walls , and their kings shall minister unto thee : for in my wrath I smote thee , but in my favour have I had mercy on thee .
60 : 11 Therefore thy gates shall be open continually ; they shall not be shut day nor night ; that men may bring unto thee the forces of the Gentiles , and that their kings may be brought .
60 : 12 For the nation and kingdom that will not serve thee shall perish ; yea , those nations shall be utterly wasted .
60 : 13 The glory of Lebanon shall come unto thee , the fir tree , the pine tree , and the box together , to beautify the place of my sanctuary ; and I will make the place of my feet glorious .
60 : 14 The sons also of them that afflicted thee shall come bending unto thee ; and all they that despised thee shall bow themselves down at the soles of thy feet ; and they shall call thee ; The city of the LORD , The Zion of the Holy One of Israel .
60 : 18 Violence shall no more be heard in thy land , wasting nor destruction within thy borders ; but thou shalt call thy walls Salvation , and thy gates Praise .
60 : 19 The sun shall be no more thy light by day ; neither for brightness shall the moon give light unto thee : but the LORD shall be unto thee an everlasting light , and thy God thy glory .
60 : 20 Thy sun shall no more go down ; neither shall thy moon withdraw itself : for the LORD shall be thine everlasting light , and the days of thy mourning shall be ended .
60 : 21 Thy people also shall be all righteous : they shall inherit the land for ever , the branch of my planting , the work of my hands , that I may be glorified .
60 : 22 A little one shall become a thousand , and a small one a strong nation : I the LORD will hasten it in his time .
61 : 4 And they shall build the old wastes , they shall raise up the former desolations , and they shall repair the waste cities , the desolations of many generations .
61 : 5 And strangers shall stand and feed your flocks , and the sons of the alien shall be your plowmen and your vinedressers .
61 : 6 But ye shall be named the Priests of the LORD : men shall call you the Ministers of our God : ye shall eat the riches of the Gentiles , and in their glory shall ye boast yourselves .
61 : 7 For your shame ye shall have double ; and for confusion they shall rejoice in their portion : therefore in their land they shall possess the double : everlasting joy shall be unto them .
61 : 9 And their seed shall be known among the Gentiles , and their offspring among the people : all that see them shall acknowledge them , that they are the seed which the LORD hath blessed .
61 : 10 I will greatly rejoice in the LORD , my soul shall be joyful in my God ; for he hath clothed me with the garments of salvation , he hath covered me with the robe of righteousness , as a bridegroom decketh himself with ornaments , and as a bride adorneth herself with her jewels .
62 : 2 And the Gentiles shall see thy righteousness , and all kings thy glory : and thou shalt be called by a new name , which the mouth of the LORD shall name .
62 : 4 Thou shalt no more be termed Forsaken ; neither shall thy land any more be termed Desolate : but thou shalt be called Hephzibah , and thy land Beulah : for the LORD delighteth in thee , and thy land shall be married .
62 : 5 For as a young man marrieth a virgin , so shall thy sons marry thee : and as the bridegroom rejoiceth over the bride , so shall thy God rejoice over thee .
62 : 6 I have set watchmen upon thy walls , O Jerusalem , which shall never hold their peace day nor night : ye that make mention of the LORD , keep not silence , 62 : 7 And give him no rest , till he establish , and till he make Jerusalem a praise in the earth .
62 : 8 The LORD hath sworn by his right hand , and by the arm of his strength , Surely I will no more give thy corn to be meat for thine enemies ; and the sons of the stranger shall not drink thy wine , for the which thou hast laboured : 62 : 9 But they that have gathered it shall eat it , and praise the LORD ; and they that have brought it together shall drink it in the courts of my holiness .
62 : 12 And they shall call them , The holy people , The redeemed of the LORD : and thou shalt be called , Sought out , A city not forsaken .
63 : 3 I have trodden the winepress alone ; and of the people there was none with me : for I will tread them in mine anger , and trample them in my fury ; and their blood shall be sprinkled upon my garments , and I will stain all my raiment .
64 : 5 Thou meetest him that rejoiceth and worketh righteousness , those that remember thee in thy ways : behold , thou art wroth ; for we have sinned : in those is continuance , and we shall be saved .
65 : 9 And I will bring forth a seed out of Jacob , and out of Judah an inheritor of my mountains : and mine elect shall inherit it , and my servants shall dwell there .
65 : 10 And Sharon shall be a fold of flocks , and the valley of Achor a place for the herds to lie down in , for my people that have sought me .
65 : 12 Therefore will I number you to the sword , and ye shall all bow down to the slaughter : because when I called , ye did not answer ; when I spake , ye did not hear ; but did evil before mine eyes , and did choose that wherein I delighted not .
65 : 13 Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD , Behold , my servants shall eat , but ye shall be hungry : behold , my servants shall drink , but ye shall be thirsty : behold , my servants shall rejoice , but ye shall be ashamed : 65 : 14 Behold , my servants shall sing for joy of heart , but ye shall cry for sorrow of heart , and shall howl for vexation of spirit .
65 : 15 And ye shall leave your name for a curse unto my chosen : for the Lord GOD shall slay thee , and call his servants by another name : 65 : 16 That he who blesseth himself in the earth shall bless himself in the God of truth ; and he that sweareth in the earth shall swear by the God of truth ; because the former troubles are forgotten , and because they are hid from mine eyes .
65 : 17 For , behold , I create new heavens and a new earth : and the former shall not be remembered , nor come into mind .
65 : 19 And I will rejoice in Jerusalem , and joy in my people : and the voice of weeping shall be no more heard in her , nor the voice of crying .
65 : 20 There shall be no more thence an infant of days , nor an old man that hath not filled his days : for the child shall die an hundred years old ; but the sinner being an hundred years old shall be accursed .
65 : 21 And they shall build houses , and inhabit them ; and they shall plant vineyards , and eat the fruit of them .
65 : 22 They shall not build , and another inhabit ; they shall not plant , and another eat : for as the days of a tree are the days of my people , and mine elect shall long enjoy the work of their hands .
65 : 23 They shall not labour in vain , nor bring forth for trouble ; for they are the seed of the blessed of the LORD , and their offspring with them .
65 : 24 And it shall come to pass , that before they call , I will answer ; and while they are yet speaking , I will hear .
65 : 25 The wolf and the lamb shall feed together , and the lion shall eat straw like the bullock : and dust shall be the serpent ' s meat .
They shall not hurt nor destroy in all my holy mountain , saith the LORD .
66 : 5 Hear the word of the LORD , ye that tremble at his word ; Your brethren that hated you , that cast you out for my name ' s sake , said , Let the LORD be glorified : but he shall appear to your joy , and they shall be ashamed .
Shall the earth be made to bring forth in one day ?
or shall a nation be born at once ?
66 : 9 Shall I bring to the birth , and not cause to bring forth ?
saith the LORD : shall I cause to bring forth , and shut the womb ?
66 : 12 For thus saith the LORD , Behold , I will extend peace to her like a river , and the glory of the Gentiles like a flowing stream : then shall ye suck , ye shall be borne upon her sides , and be dandled upon her knees .
66 : 13 As one whom his mother comforteth , so will I comfort you ; and ye shall be comforted in Jerusalem .
66 : 14 And when ye see this , your heart shall rejoice , and your bones shall flourish like an herb : and the hand of the LORD shall be known toward his servants , and his indignation toward his enemies .
66 : 16 For by fire and by his sword will the LORD plead with all flesh : and the slain of the LORD shall be many .
66 : 17 They that sanctify themselves , and purify themselves in the gardens behind one tree in the midst , eating swine ' s flesh , and the abomination , and the mouse , shall be consumed together , saith the LORD .
66 : 18 For I know their works and their thoughts : it shall come , that I will gather all nations and tongues ; and they shall come , and see my glory .
66 : 19 And I will set a sign among them , and I will send those that escape of them unto the nations , to Tarshish , Pul , and Lud , that draw the bow , to Tubal , and Javan , to the isles afar off , that have not heard my fame , neither have seen my glory ; and they shall declare my glory among the Gentiles .
66 : 20 And they shall bring all your brethren for an offering unto the LORD out of all nations upon horses , and in chariots , and in litters , and upon mules , and upon swift beasts , to my holy mountain Jerusalem , saith the LORD , as the children of Israel bring an offering in a clean vessel into the house of the LORD .
66 : 22 For as the new heavens and the new earth , which I will make , shall remain before me , saith the LORD , so shall your seed and your name remain .
66 : 23 And it shall come to pass , that from one new moon to another , and from one sabbath to another , shall all flesh come to worship before me , saith the LORD .
66 : 24 And they shall go forth , and look upon the carcases of the men that have transgressed against me : for their worm shall not die , neither shall their fire be quenched ; and they shall be an abhorring unto all flesh .
1 : 7 But the LORD said unto me , Say not , I am a child : for thou shalt go to all that I shall send thee , and whatsoever I command thee thou shalt speak .
1 : 14 Then the LORD said unto me , Out of the north an evil shall break forth upon all the inhabitants of the land .
1 : 15 For , lo , I will call all the families of the kingdoms of the north , saith the LORD ; and they shall come , and they shall set every one his throne at the entering of the gates of Jerusalem , and against all the walls thereof round about , and against all the cities of Judah .
1 : 19 And they shall fight against thee ; but they shall not prevail against thee ; for I am with thee , saith the LORD , to deliver thee .
2 : 3 Israel was holiness unto the LORD , and the firstfruits of his increase : all that devour him shall offend ; evil shall come upon them , saith the LORD .
2 : 19 Thine own wickedness shall correct thee , and thy backslidings shall reprove thee : know therefore and see that it is an evil thing and bitter , that thou hast forsaken the LORD thy God , and that my fear is not in thee , saith the Lord GOD of hosts .
all they that seek her will not weary themselves ; in her month they shall find her .
2 : 35 Yet thou sayest , Because I am innocent , surely his anger shall turn from me .
3 : 1 They say , If a man put away his wife , and she go from him , and become another man ' s , shall he return unto her again ?
shall not that land be greatly polluted ?
3 : 14 Turn , O backsliding children , saith the LORD ; for I am married unto you : and I will take you one of a city , and two of a family , and I will bring you to Zion : 3 : 15 And I will give you pastors according to mine heart , which shall feed you with knowledge and understanding .
3 : 16 And it shall come to pass , when ye be multiplied and increased in the land , in those days , saith the LORD , they shall say no more , The ark of the covenant of the LORD : neither shall it come to mind : neither shall they remember it ; neither shall they visit it ; neither shall that be done any more .
3 : 17 At that time they shall call Jerusalem the throne of the LORD ; and all the nations shall be gathered unto it , to the name of the LORD , to Jerusalem : neither shall they walk any more after the imagination of their evil heart .
3 : 18 In those days the house of Judah shall walk with the house of Israel , and they shall come together out of the land of the north to the land that I have given for an inheritance unto your fathers .
3 : 19 But I said , How shall I put thee among the children , and give thee a pleasant land , a goodly heritage of the hosts of nations ?
4 : 2 And thou shalt swear , The LORD liveth , in truth , in judgment , and in righteousness ; and the nations shall bless themselves in him , and in him shall they glory .
4 : 7 The lion is come up from his thicket , and the destroyer of the Gentiles is on his way ; he is gone forth from his place to make thy land desolate ; and thy cities shall be laid waste , without an inhabitant .
4 : 9 And it shall come to pass at that day , saith the LORD , that the heart of the king shall perish , and the heart of the princes ; and the priests shall be astonished , and the prophets shall wonder .
surely thou hast greatly deceived this people and Jerusalem , saying , Ye shall have peace ; whereas the sword reacheth unto the soul .
4 : 11 At that time shall it be said to this people and to Jerusalem , A dry wind of the high places in the wilderness toward the daughter of my people , not to fan , nor to cleanse , 4 : 12 Even a full wind from those places shall come unto me : now also will I give sentence against them .
4 : 13 Behold , he shall come up as clouds , and his chariots shall be as a whirlwind : his horses are swifter than eagles .
How long shall thy vain thoughts lodge within thee ?
4 : 21 How long shall I see the standard , and hear the sound of the trumpet ?
4 : 27 For thus hath the LORD said , The whole land shall be desolate ; yet will I not make a full end .
4 : 28 For this shall the earth mourn , and the heavens above be black ; because I have spoken it , I have purposed it , and will not repent , neither will I turn back from it .
4 : 29 The whole city shall flee for the noise of the horsemen and bowmen ; they shall go into thickets , and climb up upon the rocks : every city shall be forsaken , and not a man dwell therein .
5 : 6 Wherefore a lion out of the forest shall slay them , and a wolf of the evenings shall spoil them , a leopard shall watch over their cities : every one that goeth out thence shall be torn in pieces : because their transgressions are many , and their backslidings are increased .
5 : 7 How shall I pardon thee for this ?
5 : 9 Shall I not visit for these things ?
saith the LORD : and shall not my soul be avenged on such a nation as this ?
5 : 12 They have belied the LORD , and said , It is not he ; neither shall evil come upon us ; neither shall we see sword nor famine : 5 : 13 And the prophets shall become wind , and the word is not in them : thus shall it be done unto them .
5 : 14 Wherefore thus saith the LORD God of hosts , Because ye speak this word , behold , I will make my words in thy mouth fire , and this people wood , and it shall devour them .
5 : 17 And they shall eat up thine harvest , and thy bread , which thy sons and thy daughters should eat : they shall eat up thy flocks and thine herds : they shall eat up thy vines and thy fig trees : they shall impoverish thy fenced cities , wherein thou trustedst , with the sword .
5 : 19 And it shall come to pass , when ye shall say , Wherefore doeth the LORD our God all these things unto us ?
then shalt thou answer them , Like as ye have forsaken me , and served strange gods in your land , so shall ye serve strangers in a land that is not your ' s .
5 : 29 Shall I not visit for these things ?
saith the LORD : shall not my soul be avenged on such a nation as this ?
6 : 3 The shepherds with their flocks shall come unto her ; they shall pitch their tents against her round about ; they shall feed every one in his place .
6 : 9 Thus saith the LORD of hosts , They shall throughly glean the remnant of Israel as a vine : turn back thine hand as a grapegatherer into the baskets .
6 : 10 To whom shall I speak , and give warning , that they may hear ?
6 : 11 Therefore I am full of the fury of the LORD ; I am weary with holding in : I will pour it out upon the children abroad , and upon the assembly of young men together : for even the husband with the wife shall be taken , the aged with him that is full of days .
6 : 12 And their houses shall be turned unto others , with their fields and wives together : for I will stretch out my hand upon the inhabitants of the land , saith the LORD .
nay , they were not at all ashamed , neither could they blush : therefore they shall fall among them that fall : at the time that I visit them they shall be cast down , saith the LORD .
6 : 16 Thus saith the LORD , Stand ye in the ways , and see , and ask for the old paths , where is the good way , and walk therein , and ye shall find rest for your souls .
6 : 21 Therefore thus saith the LORD , Behold , I will lay stumblingblocks before this people , and the fathers and the sons together shall fall upon them ; the neighbour and his friend shall perish .
6 : 22 Thus saith the LORD , Behold , a people cometh from the north country , and a great nation shall be raised from the sides of the earth .
6 : 23 They shall lay hold on bow and spear ; they are cruel , and have no mercy ; their voice roareth like the sea ; and they ride upon horses , set in array as men for war against thee , O daughter of Zion .
6 : 26 O daughter of my people , gird thee with sackcloth , and wallow thyself in ashes : make thee mourning , as for an only son , most bitter lamentation : for the spoiler shall suddenly come upon us .
6 : 30 Reprobate silver shall men call them , because the LORD hath rejected them .
7 : 20 Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD ; Behold , mine anger and my fury shall be poured out upon this place , upon man , and upon beast , and upon the trees of the field , and upon the fruit of the ground ; and it shall burn , and shall not be quenched .
7 : 22 For I spake not unto your fathers , nor commanded them in the day that I brought them out of the land of Egypt , concerning burnt offerings or sacrifices : 7 : 23 But this thing commanded I them , saying , Obey my voice , and I will be your God , and ye shall be my people : and walk ye in all the ways that I have commanded you , that it may be well unto you .
7 : 32 Therefore , behold , the days come , saith the LORD , that it shall no more be called Tophet , nor the valley of the son of Hinnom , but the valley of slaughter : for they shall bury in Tophet , till there be no place .
7 : 33 And the carcases of this people shall be meat for the fowls of the heaven , and for the beasts of the earth ; and none shall fray them away .
7 : 34 Then will I cause to cease from the cities of Judah , and from the streets of Jerusalem , the voice of mirth , and the voice of gladness , the voice of the bridegroom , and the voice of the bride : for the land shall be desolate .
8 : 1 At that time , saith the LORD , they shall bring out the bones of the kings of Judah , and the bones of his princes , and the bones of the priests , and the bones of the prophets , and the bones of the inhabitants of Jerusalem , out of their graves : 8 : 2 And they shall spread them before the sun , and the moon , and all the host of heaven , whom they have loved , and whom they have served , and after whom they have walked , and whom they have sought , and whom they have worshipped : they shall not be gathered , nor be buried ; they shall be for dung upon the face of the earth .
8 : 3 And death shall be chosen rather than life by all the residue of them that remain of this evil family , which remain in all the places whither I have driven them , saith the LORD of hosts .
8 : 4 Moreover thou shalt say unto them , Thus saith the LORD ; Shall they fall , and not arise ?
shall he turn away , and not return ?
8 : 10 Therefore will I give their wives unto others , and their fields to them that shall inherit them : for every one from the least even unto the greatest is given to covetousness , from the prophet even unto the priest every one dealeth falsely .
nay , they were not at all ashamed , neither could they blush : therefore shall they fall among them that fall : in the time of their visitation they shall be cast down , saith the LORD .
8 : 13 I will surely consume them , saith the LORD : there shall be no grapes on the vine , nor figs on the fig tree , and the leaf shall fade ; and the things that I have given them shall pass away from them .
8 : 17 For , behold , I will send serpents , cockatrices , among you , which will not be charmed , and they shall bite you , saith the LORD .
9 : 7 Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts , Behold , I will melt them , and try them ; for how shall I do for the daughter of my people ?
9 : 9 Shall I not visit them for these things ?
saith the LORD : shall not my soul be avenged on such a nation as this ?
9 : 22 Speak , Thus saith the LORD , Even the carcases of men shall fall as dung upon the open field , and as the handful after the harvestman , and none shall gather them .
10 : 10 But the LORD is the true God , he is the living God , and an everlasting king : at his wrath the earth shall tremble , and the nations shall not be able to abide his indignation .
10 : 11 Thus shall ye say unto them , The gods that have not made the heavens and the earth , even they shall perish from the earth , and from under these heavens .
10 : 15 They are vanity , and the work of errors : in the time of their visitation they shall perish .
10 : 21 For the pastors are become brutish , and have not sought the LORD : therefore they shall not prosper , and all their flocks shall be scattered .
11 : 1 The word that came to Jeremiah from the LORD saying , 11 : 2 Hear ye the words of this covenant , and speak unto the men of Judah , and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem ; 11 : 3 And say thou unto them , Thus saith the LORD God of Israel ; Cursed be the man that obeyeth not the words of this covenant , 11 : 4 Which I commanded your fathers in the day that I brought them forth out of the land of Egypt , from the iron furnace , saying , Obey my voice , and do them , according to all which I command you : so shall ye be my people , and I will be your God : 11 : 5 That I may perform the oath which I have sworn unto your fathers , to give them a land flowing with milk and honey , as it is this day .
11 : 11 Therefore thus saith the LORD , Behold , I will bring evil upon them , which they shall not be able to escape ; and though they shall cry unto me , I will not hearken unto them .
11 : 12 Then shall the cities of Judah and inhabitants of Jerusalem go , and cry unto the gods unto whom they offer incense : but they shall not save them at all in the time of their trouble .
11 : 21 Therefore thus saith the LORD of the men of Anathoth , that seek thy life , saying , Prophesy not in the name of the LORD , that thou die not by our hand : 11 : 22 Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts , Behold , I will punish them : the young men shall die by the sword ; their sons and their daughters shall die by famine : 11 : 23 And there shall be no remnant of them : for I will bring evil upon the men of Anathoth , even the year of their visitation .
12 : 4 How long shall the land mourn , and the herbs of every field wither , for the wickedness of them that dwell therein ?
the beasts are consumed , and the birds ; because they said , He shall not see our last end .
12 : 12 The spoilers are come upon all high places through the wilderness : for the sword of the LORD shall devour from the one end of the land even to the other end of the land : no flesh shall have peace .
12 : 13 They have sown wheat , but shall reap thorns : they have put themselves to pain , but shall not profit : and they shall be ashamed of your revenues because of the fierce anger of the LORD .
12 : 15 And it shall come to pass , after that I have plucked them out I will return , and have compassion on them , and will bring them again , every man to his heritage , and every man to his land .
12 : 16 And it shall come to pass , if they will diligently learn the ways of my people , to swear by my name , The LORD liveth ; as they taught my people to swear by Baal ; then shall they be built in the midst of my people .
13 : 10 This evil people , which refuse to hear my words , which walk in the imagination of their heart , and walk after other gods , to serve them , and to worship them , shall even be as this girdle , which is good for nothing .
13 : 12 Therefore thou shalt speak unto them this word ; Thus saith the LORD God of Israel , Every bottle shall be filled with wine : and they shall say unto thee , Do we not certainly know that every bottle shall be filled with wine ?
13 : 17 But if ye will not hear it , my soul shall weep in secret places for your pride ; and mine eye shall weep sore , and run down with tears , because the LORD ' s flock is carried away captive .
13 : 18 Say unto the king and to the queen , Humble yourselves , sit down : for your principalities shall come down , even the crown of your glory .
13 : 19 The cities of the south shall be shut up , and none shall open them : Judah shall be carried away captive all of it , it shall be wholly carried away captive .
13 : 21 What wilt thou say when he shall punish thee ?
for thou hast taught them to be captains , and as chief over thee : shall not sorrows take thee , as a woman in travail ?
when shall it once be ?
behold , the prophets say unto them , Ye shall not see the sword , neither shall ye have famine ; but I will give you assured peace in this place .
14 : 15 Therefore thus saith the LORD concerning the prophets that prophesy in my name , and I sent them not , yet they say , Sword and famine shall not be in this land ; By sword and famine shall those prophets be consumed .
14 : 16 And the people to whom they prophesy shall be cast out in the streets of Jerusalem because of the famine and the sword ; and they shall have none to bury them , them , their wives , nor their sons , nor their daughters : for I will pour their wickedness upon them .
15 : 2 And it shall come to pass , if they say unto thee , Whither shall we go forth ?
15 : 5 For who shall have pity upon thee , O Jerusalem ?
or who shall bemoan thee ?
or who shall go aside to ask how thou doest ?
15 : 11 The LORD said , Verily it shall be well with thy remnant ; verily I will cause the enemy to entreat thee well in the time of evil and in the time of affliction .
15 : 12 Shall iron break the northern iron and the steel ?
15 : 14 And I will make thee to pass with thine enemies into a land which thou knowest not : for a fire is kindled in mine anger , which shall burn upon you .
15 : 20 And I will make thee unto this people a fenced brasen wall : and they shall fight against thee , but they shall not prevail against thee : for I am with thee to save thee and to deliver thee , saith the LORD .
16 : 3 For thus saith the LORD concerning the sons and concerning the daughters that are born in this place , and concerning their mothers that bare them , and concerning their fathers that begat them in this land ; 16 : 4 They shall die of grievous deaths ; they shall not be lamented ; neither shall they be buried ; but they shall be as dung upon the face of the earth : and they shall be consumed by the sword , and by famine ; and their carcases shall be meat for the fowls of heaven , and for the beasts of the earth .
16 : 6 Both the great and the small shall die in this land : they shall not be buried , neither shall men lament for them , nor cut themselves , nor make themselves bald for them : 16 : 7 Neither shall men tear themselves for them in mourning , to comfort them for the dead ; neither shall men give them the cup of consolation to drink for their father or for their mother .
16 : 10 And it shall come to pass , when thou shalt shew this people all these words , and they shall say unto thee , Wherefore hath the LORD pronounced all this great evil against us ?
16 : 11 Then shalt thou say unto them , Because your fathers have forsaken me , saith the LORD , and have walked after other gods , and have served them , and have worshipped them , and have forsaken me , and have not kept my law ; 16 : 12 And ye have done worse than your fathers ; for , behold , ye walk every one after the imagination of his evil heart , that they may not hearken unto me : 16 : 13 Therefore will I cast you out of this land into a land that ye know not , neither ye nor your fathers ; and there shall ye serve other gods day and night ; where I will not shew you favour .
16 : 14 Therefore , behold , the days come , saith the LORD , that it shall no more be said , The LORD liveth , that brought up the children of Israel out of the land of Egypt ; 16 : 15 But , The LORD liveth , that brought up the children of Israel from the land of the north , and from all the lands whither he had driven them : and I will bring them again into their land that I gave unto their fathers .
16 : 16 Behold , I will send for many fishers , saith the LORD , and they shall fish them ; and after will I send for many hunters , and they shall hunt them from every mountain , and from every hill , and out of the holes of the rocks .
16 : 19 O LORD , my strength , and my fortress , and my refuge in the day of affliction , the Gentiles shall come unto thee from the ends of the earth , and shall say , Surely our fathers have inherited lies , vanity , and things wherein there is no profit .
16 : 20 Shall a man make gods unto himself , and they are no gods ?
16 : 21 Therefore , behold , I will this once cause them to know , I will cause them to know mine hand and my might ; and they shall know that my name is The LORD .
17 : 4 And thou , even thyself , shalt discontinue from thine heritage that I gave thee ; and I will cause thee to serve thine enemies in the land which thou knowest not : for ye have kindled a fire in mine anger , which shall burn for ever .
17 : 6 For he shall be like the heath in the desert , and shall not see when good cometh ; but shall inhabit the parched places in the wilderness , in a salt land and not inhabited .
17 : 8 For he shall be as a tree planted by the waters , and that spreadeth out her roots by the river , and shall not see when heat cometh , but her leaf shall be green ; and shall not be careful in the year of drought , neither shall cease from yielding fruit .
17 : 11 As the partridge sitteth on eggs , and hatcheth them not ; so he that getteth riches , and not by right , shall leave them in the midst of his days , and at his end shall be a fool .
17 : 13 O LORD , the hope of Israel , all that forsake thee shall be ashamed , and they that depart from me shall be written in the earth , because they have forsaken the LORD , the fountain of living waters .
17 : 14 Heal me , O LORD , and I shall be healed ; save me , and I shall be saved : for thou art my praise .
17 : 24 And it shall come to pass , if ye diligently hearken unto me , saith the LORD , to bring in no burden through the gates of this city on the sabbath day , but hallow the sabbath day , to do no work therein ; 17 : 25 Then shall there enter into the gates of this city kings and princes sitting upon the throne of David , riding in chariots and on horses , they , and their princes , the men of Judah , and the inhabitants of Jerusalem : and this city shall remain for ever .
17 : 26 And they shall come from the cities of Judah , and from the places about Jerusalem , and from the land of Benjamin , and from the plain , and from the mountains , and from the south , bringing burnt offerings , and sacrifices , and meat offerings , and incense , and bringing sacrifices of praise , unto the house of the LORD .
17 : 27 But if ye will not hearken unto me to hallow the sabbath day , and not to bear a burden , even entering in at the gates of Jerusalem on the sabbath day ; then will I kindle a fire in the gates thereof , and it shall devour the palaces of Jerusalem , and it shall not be quenched .
18 : 7 At what instant I shall speak concerning a nation , and concerning a kingdom , to pluck up , and to pull down , and to destroy it ; 18 : 8 If that nation , against whom I have pronounced , turn from their evil , I will repent of the evil that I thought to do unto them .
18 : 9 And at what instant I shall speak concerning a nation , and concerning a kingdom , to build and to plant it ; 18 : 10 If it do evil in my sight , that it obey not my voice , then I will repent of the good , wherewith I said I would benefit them .
or shall the cold flowing waters that come from another place be forsaken ?
18 : 15 Because my people hath forgotten me , they have burned incense to vanity , and they have caused them to stumble in their ways from the ancient paths , to walk in paths , in a way not cast up ; 18 : 16 To make their land desolate , and a perpetual hissing ; every one that passeth thereby shall be astonished , and wag his head .
18 : 18 Then said they , Come and let us devise devices against Jeremiah ; for the law shall not perish from the priest , nor counsel from the wise , nor the word from the prophet .
18 : 20 Shall evil be recompensed for good ?
19 : 1 Thus saith the LORD , Go and get a potter ' s earthen bottle , and take of the ancients of the people , and of the ancients of the priests ; 19 : 2 And go forth unto the valley of the son of Hinnom , which is by the entry of the east gate , and proclaim there the words that I shall tell thee , 19 : 3 And say , Hear ye the word of the LORD , O kings of Judah , and inhabitants of Jerusalem ; Thus saith the LORD of hosts , the God of Israel ; Behold , I will bring evil upon this place , the which whosoever heareth , his ears shall tingle .
19 : 4 Because they have forsaken me , and have estranged this place , and have burned incense in it unto other gods , whom neither they nor their fathers have known , nor the kings of Judah , and have filled this place with the blood of innocents ; 19 : 5 They have built also the high places of Baal , to burn their sons with fire for burnt offerings unto Baal , which I commanded not , nor spake it , neither came it into my mind : 19 : 6 Therefore , behold , the days come , saith the LORD , that this place shall no more be called Tophet , nor The valley of the son of Hinnom , but The valley of slaughter .
19 : 8 And I will make this city desolate , and an hissing ; every one that passeth thereby shall be astonished and hiss because of all the plagues thereof .
19 : 9 And I will cause them to eat the flesh of their sons and the flesh of their daughters , and they shall eat every one the flesh of his friend in the siege and straitness , wherewith their enemies , and they that seek their lives , shall straiten them .
19 : 10 Then shalt thou break the bottle in the sight of the men that go with thee , 19 : 11 And shalt say unto them , Thus saith the LORD of hosts ; Even so will I break this people and this city , as one breaketh a potter ' s vessel , that cannot be made whole again : and they shall bury them in Tophet , till there be no place to bury .
19 : 12 Thus will I do unto this place , saith the LORD , and to the inhabitants thereof , and even make this city as Tophet : 19 : 13 And the houses of Jerusalem , and the houses of the kings of Judah , shall be defiled as the place of Tophet , because of all the houses upon whose roofs they have burned incense unto all the host of heaven , and have poured out drink offerings unto other gods .
20 : 4 For thus saith the LORD , Behold , I will make thee a terror to thyself , and to all thy friends : and they shall fall by the sword of their enemies , and thine eyes shall behold it : and I will give all Judah into the hand of the king of Babylon , and he shall carry them captive into Babylon , and shall slay them with the sword .
20 : 5 Moreover I will deliver all the strength of this city , and all the labours thereof , and all the precious things thereof , and all the treasures of the kings of Judah will I give into the hand of their enemies , which shall spoil them , and take them , and carry them to Babylon .
20 : 6 And thou , Pashur , and all that dwell in thine house shall go into captivity : and thou shalt come to Babylon , and there thou shalt die , and shalt be buried there , thou , and all thy friends , to whom thou hast prophesied lies .
All my familiars watched for my halting , saying , Peradventure he will be enticed , and we shall prevail against him , and we shall take our revenge on him .
20 : 11 But the LORD is with me as a mighty terrible one : therefore my persecutors shall stumble , and they shall not prevail : they shall be greatly ashamed ; for they shall not prosper : their everlasting confusion shall never be forgotten .
21 : 3 Then said Jeremiah unto them , Thus shall ye say to Zedekiah : 21 : 4 Thus saith the LORD God of Israel ; Behold , I will turn back the weapons of war that are in your hands , wherewith ye fight against the king of Babylon , and against the Chaldeans , which besiege you without the walls , and I will assemble them into the midst of this city .
21 : 6 And I will smite the inhabitants of this city , both man and beast : they shall die of a great pestilence .
21 : 7 And afterward , saith the LORD , I will deliver Zedekiah king of Judah , and his servants , and the people , and such as are left in this city from the pestilence , from the sword , and from the famine , into the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon , and into the hand of their enemies , and into the hand of those that seek their life : and he shall smite them with the edge of the sword ; he shall not spare them , neither have pity , nor have mercy .
21 : 9 He that abideth in this city shall die by the sword , and by the famine , and by the pestilence : but he that goeth out , and falleth to the Chaldeans that besiege you , he shall live , and his life shall be unto him for a prey .
21 : 10 For I have set my face against this city for evil , and not for good , saith the LORD : it shall be given into the hand of the king of Babylon , and he shall burn it with fire .
21 : 13 Behold , I am against thee , O inhabitant of the valley , and rock of the plain , saith the LORD ; which say , Who shall come down against us ?
or who shall enter into our habitations ?
21 : 14 But I will punish you according to the fruit of your doings , saith the LORD : and I will kindle a fire in the forest thereof , and it shall devour all things round about it .
22 : 4 For if ye do this thing indeed , then shall there enter in by the gates of this house kings sitting upon the throne of David , riding in chariots and on horses , he , and his servants , and his people .
22 : 5 But if ye will not hear these words , I swear by myself , saith the LORD , that this house shall become a desolation .
22 : 7 And I will prepare destroyers against thee , every one with his weapons : and they shall cut down thy choice cedars , and cast them into the fire .
22 : 8 And many nations shall pass by this city , and they shall say every man to his neighbour , Wherefore hath the LORD done thus unto this great city ?
22 : 9 Then they shall answer , Because they have forsaken the covenant of the LORD their God , and worshipped other gods , and served them .
22 : 10 Weep ye not for the dead , neither bemoan him : but weep sore for him that goeth away : for he shall return no more , nor see his native country .
22 : 11 For thus saith the LORD touching Shallum the son of Josiah king of Judah , which reigned instead of Josiah his father , which went forth out of this place ; He shall not return thither any more : 22 : 12 But he shall die in the place whither they have led him captive , and shall see this land no more .
22 : 18 Therefore thus saith the LORD concerning Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah ; They shall not lament for him , saying , Ah my brother !
they shall not lament for him , saying , Ah lord !
22 : 19 He shall be buried with the burial of an ass , drawn and cast forth beyond the gates of Jerusalem .
22 : 22 The wind shall eat up all thy pastors , and thy lovers shall go into captivity : surely then shalt thou be ashamed and confounded for all thy wickedness .
22 : 26 And I will cast thee out , and thy mother that bare thee , into another country , where ye were not born ; and there shall ye die .
22 : 27 But to the land whereunto they desire to return , thither shall they not return .
22 : 30 Thus saith the LORD , Write ye this man childless , a man that shall not prosper in his days : for no man of his seed shall prosper , sitting upon the throne of David , and ruling any more in Judah .
23 : 3 And I will gather the remnant of my flock out of all countries whither I have driven them , and will bring them again to their folds ; and they shall be fruitful and increase .
23 : 4 And I will set up shepherds over them which shall feed them : and they shall fear no more , nor be dismayed , neither shall they be lacking , saith the LORD .
23 : 5 Behold , the days come , saith the LORD , that I will raise unto David a righteous Branch , and a King shall reign and prosper , and shall execute judgment and justice in the earth .
23 : 6 In his days Judah shall be saved , and Israel shall dwell safely : and this is his name whereby he shall be called , THE LORD OUR RIGHTEOUSNESS .
23 : 7 Therefore , behold , the days come , saith the LORD , that they shall no more say , The LORD liveth , which brought up the children of Israel out of the land of Egypt ; 23 : 8 But , The LORD liveth , which brought up and which led the seed of the house of Israel out of the north country , and from all countries whither I had driven them ; and they shall dwell in their own land .
23 : 12 Wherefore their way shall be unto them as slippery ways in the darkness : they shall be driven on , and fall therein : for I will bring evil upon them , even the year of their visitation , saith the LORD .
23 : 17 They say still unto them that despise me , The LORD hath said , Ye shall have peace ; and they say unto every one that walketh after the imagination of his own heart , No evil shall come upon you .
23 : 19 Behold , a whirlwind of the LORD is gone forth in fury , even a grievous whirlwind : it shall fall grievously upon the head of the wicked .
23 : 20 The anger of the LORD shall not return , until he have executed , and till he have performed the thoughts of his heart : in the latter days ye shall consider it perfectly .
23 : 24 Can any hide himself in secret places that I shall not see him ?
23 : 26 How long shall this be in the heart of the prophets that prophesy lies ?
23 : 32 Behold , I am against them that prophesy false dreams , saith the LORD , and do tell them , and cause my people to err by their lies , and by their lightness ; yet I sent them not , nor commanded them : therefore they shall not profit this people at all , saith the LORD .
23 : 33 And when this people , or the prophet , or a priest , shall ask thee , saying , What is the burden of the LORD ?
23 : 34 And as for the prophet , and the priest , and the people , that shall say , The burden of the LORD , I will even punish that man and his house .
23 : 35 Thus shall ye say every one to his neighbour , and every one to his brother , What hath the LORD answered ?
23 : 36 And the burden of the LORD shall ye mention no more : for every man ' s word shall be his burden ; for ye have perverted the words of the living God , of the LORD of hosts our God .
23 : 38 But since ye say , The burden of the LORD ; therefore thus saith the LORD ; Because ye say this word , The burden of the LORD , and I have sent unto you , saying , Ye shall not say , The burden of the LORD ; 23 : 39 Therefore , behold , I , even I , will utterly forget you , and I will forsake you , and the city that I gave you and your fathers , and cast you out of my presence : 23 : 40 And I will bring an everlasting reproach upon you , and a perpetual shame , which shall not be forgotten .
24 : 7 And I will give them an heart to know me , that I am the LORD : and they shall be my people , and I will be their God : for they shall return unto me with their whole heart .
24 : 8 And as the evil figs , which cannot be eaten , they are so evil ; surely thus saith the LORD , So will I give Zedekiah the king of Judah , and his princes , and the residue of Jerusalem , that remain in this land , and them that dwell in the land of Egypt : 24 : 9 And I will deliver them to be removed into all the kingdoms of the earth for their hurt , to be a reproach and a proverb , a taunt and a curse , in all places whither I shall drive them .
25 : 11 And this whole land shall be a desolation , and an astonishment ; and these nations shall serve the king of Babylon seventy years .
25 : 12 And it shall come to pass , when seventy years are accomplished , that I will punish the king of Babylon , and that nation , saith the LORD , for their iniquity , and the land of the Chaldeans , and will make it perpetual desolations .
25 : 14 For many nations and great kings shall serve themselves of them also : and I will recompense them according to their deeds , and according to the works of their own hands .
25 : 16 And they shall drink , and be moved , and be mad , because of the sword that I will send among them .
25 : 17 Then took I the cup at the LORD ' s hand , and made all the nations to drink , unto whom the LORD had sent me : 25 : 18 To wit , Jerusalem , and the cities of Judah , and the kings thereof , and the princes thereof , to make them a desolation , an astonishment , an hissing , and a curse ; as it is this day ; 25 : 19 Pharaoh king of Egypt , and his servants , and his princes , and all his people ; 25 : 20 And all the mingled people , and all the kings of the land of Uz , and all the kings of the land of the Philistines , and Ashkelon , and Azzah , and Ekron , and the remnant of Ashdod , 25 : 21 Edom , and Moab , and the children of Ammon , 25 : 22 And all the kings of Tyrus , and all the kings of Zidon , and the kings of the isles which are beyond the sea , 25 : 23 Dedan , and Tema , and Buz , and all that are in the utmost corners , 25 : 24 And all the kings of Arabia , and all the kings of the mingled people that dwell in the desert , 25 : 25 And all the kings of Zimri , and all the kings of Elam , and all the kings of the Medes , 25 : 26 And all the kings of the north , far and near , one with another , and all the kingdoms of the world , which are upon the face of the earth : and the king of Sheshach shall drink after them .
25 : 28 And it shall be , if they refuse to take the cup at thine hand to drink , then shalt thou say unto them , Thus saith the LORD of hosts ; Ye shall certainly drink .
Ye shall not be unpunished : for I will call for a sword upon all the inhabitants of the earth , saith the LORD of hosts .
25 : 30 Therefore prophesy thou against them all these words , and say unto them , The LORD shall roar from on high , and utter his voice from his holy habitation ; he shall mightily roar upon his habitation ; he shall give a shout , as they that tread the grapes , against all the inhabitants of the earth .
25 : 31 A noise shall come even to the ends of the earth ; for the LORD hath a controversy with the nations , he will plead with all flesh ; he will give them that are wicked to the sword , saith the LORD .
25 : 32 Thus saith the LORD of hosts , Behold , evil shall go forth from nation to nation , and a great whirlwind shall be raised up from the coasts of the earth .
25 : 33 And the slain of the LORD shall be at that day from one end of the earth even unto the other end of the earth : they shall not be lamented , neither gathered , nor buried ; they shall be dung upon the ground .
25 : 34 Howl , ye shepherds , and cry ; and wallow yourselves in the ashes , ye principal of the flock : for the days of your slaughter and of your dispersions are accomplished ; and ye shall fall like a pleasant vessel .
25 : 35 And the shepherds shall have no way to flee , nor the principal of the flock to escape .
25 : 36 A voice of the cry of the shepherds , and an howling of the principal of the flock , shall be heard : for the LORD hath spoiled their pasture .
26 : 9 Why hast thou prophesied in the name of the LORD , saying , This house shall be like Shiloh , and this city shall be desolate without an inhabitant ?
26 : 15 But know ye for certain , that if ye put me to death , ye shall surely bring innocent blood upon yourselves , and upon this city , and upon the inhabitants thereof : for of a truth the LORD hath sent me unto you to speak all these words in your ears .
26 : 17 Then rose up certain of the elders of the land , and spake to all the assembly of the people , saying , 26 : 18 Micah the Morasthite prophesied in the days of Hezekiah king of Judah , and spake to all the people of Judah , saying , Thus saith the LORD of hosts ; Zion shall be plowed like a field , and Jerusalem shall become heaps , and the mountain of the house as the high places of a forest .
27 : 1 In the beginning of the reign of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah came this word unto Jeremiah from the LORD , saying , 27 : 2 Thus saith the LORD to me ; Make thee bonds and yokes , and put them upon thy neck , 27 : 3 And send them to the king of Edom , and to the king of Moab , and to the king of the Ammonites , and to the king of Tyrus , and to the king of Zidon , by the hand of the messengers which come to Jerusalem unto Zedekiah king of Judah ; 27 : 4 And command them to say unto their masters , Thus saith the LORD of hosts , the God of Israel ; Thus shall ye say unto your masters ; 27 : 5 I have made the earth , the man and the beast that are upon the ground , by my great power and by my outstretched arm , and have given it unto whom it seemed meet unto me .
27 : 7 And all nations shall serve him , and his son , and his son ' s son , until the very time of his land come : and then many nations and great kings shall serve themselves of him .
27 : 8 And it shall come to pass , that the nation and kingdom which will not serve the same Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon , and that will not put their neck under the yoke of the king of Babylon , that nation will I punish , saith the LORD , with the sword , and with the famine , and with the pestilence , until I have consumed them by his hand .
27 : 9 Therefore hearken not ye to your prophets , nor to your diviners , nor to your dreamers , nor to your enchanters , nor to your sorcerers , which speak unto you , saying , Ye shall not serve the king of Babylon : 27 : 10 For they prophesy a lie unto you , to remove you far from your land ; and that I should drive you out , and ye should perish .
27 : 11 But the nations that bring their neck under the yoke of the king of Babylon , and serve him , those will I let remain still in their own land , saith the LORD ; and they shall till it , and dwell therein .
27 : 14 Therefore hearken not unto the words of the prophets that speak unto you , saying , Ye shall not serve the king of Babylon : for they prophesy a lie unto you .
27 : 16 Also I spake to the priests and to all this people , saying , Thus saith the LORD ; Hearken not to the words of your prophets that prophesy unto you , saying , Behold , the vessels of the LORD ' s house shall now shortly be brought again from Babylon : for they prophesy a lie unto you .
27 : 20 Which Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon took not , when he carried away captive Jeconiah the son of Jehoiakim king of Judah from Jerusalem to Babylon , and all the nobles of Judah and Jerusalem ; 27 : 21 Yea , thus saith the LORD of hosts , the God of Israel , concerning the vessels that remain in the house of the LORD , and in the house of the king of Judah and of Jerusalem ; 27 : 22 They shall be carried to Babylon , and there shall they be until the day that I visit them , saith the LORD ; then will I bring them up , and restore them to this place .
28 : 9 The prophet which prophesieth of peace , when the word of the prophet shall come to pass , then shall the prophet be known , that the LORD hath truly sent him .
28 : 14 For thus saith the LORD of hosts , the God of Israel ; I have put a yoke of iron upon the neck of all these nations , that they may serve Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon ; and they shall serve him : and I have given him the beasts of the field also .
29 : 7 And seek the peace of the city whither I have caused you to be carried away captives , and pray unto the LORD for it : for in the peace thereof shall ye have peace .
29 : 12 Then shall ye call upon me , and ye shall go and pray unto me , and I will hearken unto you .
29 : 13 And ye shall seek me , and find me , when ye shall search for me with all your heart .
29 : 20 Hear ye therefore the word of the LORD , all ye of the captivity , whom I have sent from Jerusalem to Babylon : 29 : 21 Thus saith the LORD of hosts , the God of Israel , of Ahab the son of Kolaiah , and of Zedekiah the son of Maaseiah , which prophesy a lie unto you in my name ; Behold , I will deliver them into the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon ; and he shall slay them before your eyes ; 29 : 22 And of them shall be taken up a curse by all the captivity of Judah which are in Babylon , saying , The LORD make thee like Zedekiah and like Ahab , whom the king of Babylon roasted in the fire ; 29 : 23 Because they have committed villany in Israel , and have committed adultery with their neighbours ' wives , and have spoken lying words in my name , which I have not commanded them ; even I know , and am a witness , saith the LORD .
29 : 30 Then came the word of the LORD unto Jeremiah , saying , 29 : 31 Send to all them of the captivity , saying , Thus saith the LORD concerning Shemaiah the Nehelamite ; Because that Shemaiah hath prophesied unto you , and I sent him not , and he caused you to trust in a lie : 29 : 32 Therefore thus saith the LORD ; Behold , I will punish Shemaiah the Nehelamite , and his seed : he shall not have a man to dwell among this people ; neither shall he behold the good that I will do for my people , saith the LORD ; because he hath taught rebellion against the LORD .
30 : 3 For , lo , the days come , saith the LORD , that I will bring again the captivity of my people Israel and Judah , saith the LORD : and I will cause them to return to the land that I gave to their fathers , and they shall possess it .
for that day is great , so that none is like it : it is even the time of Jacob ' s trouble , but he shall be saved out of it .
30 : 8 For it shall come to pass in that day , saith the LORD of hosts , that I will break his yoke from off thy neck , and will burst thy bonds , and strangers shall no more serve themselves of him : 30 : 9 But they shall serve the LORD their God , and David their king , whom I will raise up unto them .
30 : 10 Therefore fear thou not , O my servant Jacob , saith the LORD ; neither be dismayed , O Israel : for , lo , I will save thee from afar , and thy seed from the land of their captivity ; and Jacob shall return , and shall be in rest , and be quiet , and none shall make him afraid .
30 : 16 Therefore all they that devour thee shall be devoured ; and all thine adversaries , every one of them , shall go into captivity ; and they that spoil thee shall be a spoil , and all that prey upon thee will I give for a prey .
30 : 18 Thus saith the LORD ; Behold , I will bring again the captivity of Jacob ' s tents , and have mercy on his dwellingplaces ; and the city shall be builded upon her own heap , and the palace shall remain after the manner thereof .
30 : 19 And out of them shall proceed thanksgiving and the voice of them that make merry : and I will multiply them , and they shall not be few ; I will also glorify them , and they shall not be small .
30 : 20 Their children also shall be as aforetime , and their congregation shall be established before me , and I will punish all that oppress them .
30 : 21 And their nobles shall be of themselves , and their governor shall proceed from the midst of them ; and I will cause him to draw near , and he shall approach unto me : for who is this that engaged his heart to approach unto me ?
30 : 22 And ye shall be my people , and I will be your God .
30 : 23 Behold , the whirlwind of the LORD goeth forth with fury , a continuing whirlwind : it shall fall with pain upon the head of the wicked .
30 : 24 The fierce anger of the LORD shall not return , until he hath done it , and until he have performed the intents of his heart : in the latter days ye shall consider it .
31 : 1 At the same time , saith the LORD , will I be the God of all the families of Israel , and they shall be my people .
31 : 5 Thou shalt yet plant vines upon the mountains of Samaria : the planters shall plant , and shall eat them as common things .
31 : 6 For there shall be a day , that the watchmen upon the mount Ephraim shall cry , Arise ye , and let us go up to Zion unto the LORD our God .
31 : 8 Behold , I will bring them from the north country , and gather them from the coasts of the earth , and with them the blind and the lame , the woman with child and her that travaileth with child together : a great company shall return thither .
31 : 9 They shall come with weeping , and with supplications will I lead them : I will cause them to walk by the rivers of waters in a straight way , wherein they shall not stumble : for I am a father to Israel , and Ephraim is my firstborn .
31 : 12 Therefore they shall come and sing in the height of Zion , and shall flow together to the goodness of the LORD , for wheat , and for wine , and for oil , and for the young of the flock and of the herd : and their soul shall be as a watered garden ; and they shall not sorrow any more at all .
31 : 13 Then shall the virgin rejoice in the dance , both young men and old together : for I will turn their mourning into joy , and will comfort them , and make them rejoice from their sorrow .
31 : 14 And I will satiate the soul of the priests with fatness , and my people shall be satisfied with my goodness , saith the LORD .
31 : 16 Thus saith the LORD ; Refrain thy voice from weeping , and thine eyes from tears : for thy work shall be rewarded , saith the LORD ; and they shall come again from the land of the enemy .
31 : 17 And there is hope in thine end , saith the LORD , that thy children shall come again to their own border .
31 : 18 I have surely heard Ephraim bemoaning himself thus ; Thou hast chastised me , and I was chastised , as a bullock unaccustomed to the yoke : turn thou me , and I shall be turned ; for thou art the LORD my God .
for the LORD hath created a new thing in the earth , A woman shall compass a man .
31 : 23 Thus saith the LORD of hosts , the God of Israel ; As yet they shall use this speech in the land of Judah and in the cities thereof , when I shall bring again their captivity ; The LORD bless thee , O habitation of justice , and mountain of holiness .
31 : 24 And there shall dwell in Judah itself , and in all the cities thereof together , husbandmen , and they that go forth with flocks .
31 : 28 And it shall come to pass , that like as I have watched over them , to pluck up , and to break down , and to throw down , and to destroy , and to afflict ; so will I watch over them , to build , and to plant , saith the LORD .
31 : 29 In those days they shall say no more , The fathers have eaten a sour grape , and the children ' s teeth are set on edge .
31 : 30 But every one shall die for his own iniquity : every man that eateth the sour grape , his teeth shall be set on edge .
31 : 31 Behold , the days come , saith the LORD , that I will make a new covenant with the house of Israel , and with the house of Judah : 31 : 32 Not according to the covenant that I made with their fathers in the day that I took them by the hand to bring them out of the land of Egypt ; which my covenant they brake , although I was an husband unto them , saith the LORD : 31 : 33 But this shall be the covenant that I will make with the house of Israel ; After those days , saith the LORD , I will put my law in their inward parts , and write it in their hearts ; and will be their God , and they shall be my people .
31 : 34 And they shall teach no more every man his neighbour , and every man his brother , saying , Know the LORD : for they shall all know me , from the least of them unto the greatest of them , saith the LORD : for I will forgive their iniquity , and I will remember their sin no more .
31 : 35 Thus saith the LORD , which giveth the sun for a light by day , and the ordinances of the moon and of the stars for a light by night , which divideth the sea when the waves thereof roar ; The LORD of hosts is his name : 31 : 36 If those ordinances depart from before me , saith the LORD , then the seed of Israel also shall cease from being a nation before me for ever .
31 : 38 Behold , the days come , saith the LORD , that the city shall be built to the LORD from the tower of Hananeel unto the gate of the corner .
31 : 39 And the measuring line shall yet go forth over against it upon the hill Gareb , and shall compass about to Goath .
31 : 40 And the whole valley of the dead bodies , and of the ashes , and all the fields unto the brook of Kidron , unto the corner of the horse gate toward the east , shall be holy unto the LORD ; it shall not be plucked up , nor thrown down any more for ever .
32 : 3 For Zedekiah king of Judah had shut him up , saying , Wherefore dost thou prophesy , and say , Thus saith the LORD , Behold , I will give this city into the hand of the king of Babylon , and he shall take it ; 32 : 4 And Zedekiah king of Judah shall not escape out of the hand of the Chaldeans , but shall surely be delivered into the hand of the king of Babylon , and shall speak with him mouth to mouth , and his eyes shall behold his eyes ; 32 : 5 And he shall lead Zedekiah to Babylon , and there shall he be until I visit him , saith the LORD : though ye fight with the Chaldeans , ye shall not prosper .
32 : 6 And Jeremiah said , The word of the LORD came unto me , saying , 32 : 7 Behold , Hanameel the son of Shallum thine uncle shall come unto thee saying , Buy thee my field that is in Anathoth : for the right of redemption is thine to buy it .
32 : 15 For thus saith the LORD of hosts , the God of Israel ; Houses and fields and vineyards shall be possessed again in this land .
32 : 28 Therefore thus saith the LORD ; Behold , I will give this city into the hand of the Chaldeans , and into the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon , and he shall take it : 32 : 29 And the Chaldeans , that fight against this city , shall come and set fire on this city , and burn it with the houses , upon whose roofs they have offered incense unto Baal , and poured out drink offerings unto other gods , to provoke me to anger .
32 : 36 And now therefore thus saith the LORD , the God of Israel , concerning this city , whereof ye say , It shall be delivered into the hand of the king of Babylon by the sword , and by the famine , and by the pestilence ; 32 : 37 Behold , I will gather them out of all countries , whither I have driven them in mine anger , and in my fury , and in great wrath ; and I will bring them again unto this place , and I will cause them to dwell safely : 32 : 38 And they shall be my people , and I will be their God : 32 : 39 And I will give them one heart , and one way , that they may fear me for ever , for the good of them , and of their children after them : 32 : 40 And I will make an everlasting covenant with them , that I will not turn away from them , to do them good ; but I will put my fear in their hearts , that they shall not depart from me .
32 : 43 And fields shall be bought in this land , whereof ye say , It is desolate without man or beast ; it is given into the hand of the Chaldeans .
32 : 44 Men shall buy fields for money , and subscribe evidences , and seal them , and take witnesses in the land of Benjamin , and in the places about Jerusalem , and in the cities of Judah , and in the cities of the mountains , and in the cities of the valley , and in the cities of the south : for I will cause their captivity to return , saith the LORD .
33 : 9 And it shall be to me a name of joy , a praise and an honour before all the nations of the earth , which shall hear all the good that I do unto them : and they shall fear and tremble for all the goodness and for all the prosperity that I procure unto it .
33 : 10 Thus saith the LORD ; Again there shall be heard in this place , which ye say shall be desolate without man and without beast , even in the cities of Judah , and in the streets of Jerusalem , that are desolate , without man , and without inhabitant , and without beast , 33 : 11 The voice of joy , and the voice of gladness , the voice of the bridegroom , and the voice of the bride , the voice of them that shall say , Praise the LORD of hosts : for the LORD is good ; for his mercy endureth for ever : and of them that shall bring the sacrifice of praise into the house of the LORD .
33 : 12 Thus saith the LORD of hosts ; Again in this place , which is desolate without man and without beast , and in all the cities thereof , shall be an habitation of shepherds causing their flocks to lie down .
33 : 13 In the cities of the mountains , in the cities of the vale , and in the cities of the south , and in the land of Benjamin , and in the places about Jerusalem , and in the cities of Judah , shall the flocks pass again under the hands of him that telleth them , saith the LORD .
33 : 15 In those days , and at that time , will I cause the Branch of righteousness to grow up unto David ; and he shall execute judgment and righteousness in the land .
33 : 16 In those days shall Judah be saved , and Jerusalem shall dwell safely : and this is the name wherewith she shall be called , The LORD our righteousness .
33 : 17 For thus saith the LORD ; David shall never want a man to sit upon the throne of the house of Israel ; 33 : 18 Neither shall the priests the Levites want a man before me to offer burnt offerings , and to kindle meat offerings , and to do sacrifice continually .
34 : 1 The word which came unto Jeremiah from the LORD , when Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon , and all his army , and all the kingdoms of the earth of his dominion , and all the people , fought against Jerusalem , and against all the cities thereof , saying , 34 : 2 Thus saith the LORD , the God of Israel ; Go and speak to Zedekiah king of Judah , and tell him , Thus saith the LORD ; Behold , I will give this city into the hand of the king of Babylon , and he shall burn it with fire : 34 : 3 And thou shalt not escape out of his hand , but shalt surely be taken , and delivered into his hand ; and thine eyes shall behold the eyes of the king of Babylon , and he shall speak with thee mouth to mouth , and thou shalt go to Babylon .
34 : 4 Yet hear the word of the LORD , O Zedekiah king of Judah ; Thus saith the LORD of thee , Thou shalt not die by the sword : 34 : 5 But thou shalt die in peace : and with the burnings of thy fathers , the former kings which were before thee , so shall they burn odours for thee ; and they will lament thee , saying , Ah lord !
34 : 18 And I will give the men that have transgressed my covenant , which have not performed the words of the covenant which they had made before me , when they cut the calf in twain , and passed between the parts thereof , 34 : 19 The princes of Judah , and the princes of Jerusalem , the eunuchs , and the priests , and all the people of the land , which passed between the parts of the calf ; 34 : 20 I will even give them into the hand of their enemies , and into the hand of them that seek their life : and their dead bodies shall be for meat unto the fowls of the heaven , and to the beasts of the earth .
34 : 22 Behold , I will command , saith the LORD , and cause them to return to this city ; and they shall fight against it , and take it , and burn it with fire : and I will make the cities of Judah a desolation without an inhabitant .
35 : 3 Then I took Jaazaniah the son of Jeremiah , the son of Habaziniah , and his brethren , and all his sons , and the whole house of the Rechabites ; 35 : 4 And I brought them into the house of the LORD , into the chamber of the sons of Hanan , the son of Igdaliah , a man of God , which was by the chamber of the princes , which was above the chamber of Maaseiah the son of Shallum , the keeper of the door : 35 : 5 And I set before the sons of the house of the Rechabites pots full of wine , and cups , and I said unto them , Drink ye wine .
35 : 6 But they said , We will drink no wine : for Jonadab the son of Rechab our father commanded us , saying , Ye shall drink no wine , neither ye , nor your sons for ever : 35 : 7 Neither shall ye build house , nor sow seed , nor plant vineyard , nor have any : but all your days ye shall dwell in tents ; that ye may live many days in the land where ye be strangers .
35 : 15 I have sent also unto you all my servants the prophets , rising up early and sending them , saying , Return ye now every man from his evil way , and amend your doings , and go not after other gods to serve them , and ye shall dwell in the land which I have given to you and to your fathers : but ye have not inclined your ear , nor hearkened unto me .
35 : 18 And Jeremiah said unto the house of the Rechabites , Thus saith the LORD of hosts , the God of Israel ; Because ye have obeyed the commandment of Jonadab your father , and kept all his precepts , and done according unto all that he hath commanded you : 35 : 19 Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts , the God of Israel ; Jonadab the son of Rechab shall not want a man to stand before me for ever .
36 : 29 And thou shalt say to Jehoiakim king of Judah , Thus saith the LORD ; Thou hast burned this roll , saying , Why hast thou written therein , saying , The king of Babylon shall certainly come and destroy this land , and shall cause to cease from thence man and beast ?
36 : 30 Therefore thus saith the LORD of Jehoiakim king of Judah ; He shall have none to sit upon the throne of David : and his dead body shall be cast out in the day to the heat , and in the night to the frost .
37 : 6 Then came the word of the LORD unto the prophet Jeremiah saying , 37 : 7 Thus saith the LORD , the God of Israel ; Thus shall ye say to the king of Judah , that sent you unto me to enquire of me ; Behold , Pharaoh ' s army , which is come forth to help you , shall return to Egypt into their own land .
37 : 8 And the Chaldeans shall come again , and fight against this city , and take it , and burn it with fire .
37 : 9 Thus saith the LORD ; Deceive not yourselves , saying , The Chaldeans shall surely depart from us : for they shall not depart .
37 : 19 Where are now your prophets which prophesied unto you , saying , The king of Babylon shall not come against you , nor against this land ?
38 : 1 Then Shephatiah the son of Mattan , and Gedaliah the son of Pashur , and Jucal the son of Shelemiah , and Pashur the son of Malchiah , heard the words that Jeremiah had spoken unto all the people , saying , 38 : 2 Thus saith the LORD , He that remaineth in this city shall die by the sword , by the famine , and by the pestilence : but he that goeth forth to the Chaldeans shall live ; for he shall have his life for a prey , and shall live .
38 : 3 Thus saith the LORD , This city shall surely be given into the hand of the king of Babylon ' s army , which shall take it .
38 : 17 Then said Jeremiah unto Zedekiah , Thus saith the LORD , the God of hosts , the God of Israel ; If thou wilt assuredly go forth unto the king of Babylon ' s princes , then thy soul shall live , and this city shall not be burned with fire ; and thou shalt live , and thine house : 38 : 18 But if thou wilt not go forth to the king of Babylon ' s princes , then shall this city be given into the hand of the Chaldeans , and they shall burn it with fire , and thou shalt not escape out of their hand .
38 : 20 But Jeremiah said , They shall not deliver thee .
Obey , I beseech thee , the voice of the LORD , which I speak unto thee : so it shall be well unto thee , and thy soul shall live .
38 : 21 But if thou refuse to go forth , this is the word that the LORD hath shewed me : 38 : 22 And , behold , all the women that are left in the king of Judah ' s house shall be brought forth to the king of Babylon ' s princes , and those women shall say , Thy friends have set thee on , and have prevailed against thee : thy feet are sunk in the mire , and they are turned away back .
38 : 23 So they shall bring out all thy wives and thy children to the Chaldeans : and thou shalt not escape out of their hand , but shalt be taken by the hand of the king of Babylon : and thou shalt cause this city to be burned with fire .
39 : 11 Now Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon gave charge concerning Jeremiah to Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard , saying , 39 : 12 Take him , and look well to him , and do him no harm ; but do unto him even as he shall say unto thee .
39 : 15 Now the word of the LORD came unto Jeremiah , while he was shut up in the court of the prison , saying , 39 : 16 Go and speak to Ebedmelech the Ethiopian , saying , Thus saith the LORD of hosts , the God of Israel ; Behold , I will bring my words upon this city for evil , and not for good ; and they shall be accomplished in that day before thee .
39 : 18 For I will surely deliver thee , and thou shalt not fall by the sword , but thy life shall be for a prey unto thee : because thou hast put thy trust in me , saith the LORD .
40 : 9 And Gedaliah the son of Ahikam the son of Shaphan sware unto them and to their men , saying , Fear not to serve the Chaldeans : dwell in the land , and serve the king of Babylon , and it shall be well with you .
40 : 15 Then Johanan the son of Kareah spake to Gedaliah in Mizpah secretly saying , Let me go , I pray thee , and I will slay Ishmael the son of Nethaniah , and no man shall know it : wherefore should he slay thee , that all the Jews which are gathered unto thee should be scattered , and the remnant in Judah perish ?
42 : 4 Then Jeremiah the prophet said unto them , I have heard you ; behold , I will pray unto the LORD your God according to your words ; and it shall come to pass , that whatsoever thing the LORD shall answer you , I will declare it unto you ; I will keep nothing back from you .
42 : 5 Then they said to Jeremiah , The LORD be a true and faithful witness between us , if we do not even according to all things for the which the LORD thy God shall send thee to us .
42 : 13 But if ye say , We will not dwell in this land , neither obey the voice of the LORD your God , 42 : 14 Saying , No ; but we will go into the land of Egypt , where we shall see no war , nor hear the sound of the trumpet , nor have hunger of bread ; and there will we dwell : 42 : 15 And now therefore hear the word of the LORD , ye remnant of Judah ; Thus saith the LORD of hosts , the God of Israel ; If ye wholly set your faces to enter into Egypt , and go to sojourn there ; 42 : 16 Then it shall come to pass , that the sword , which ye feared , shall overtake you there in the land of Egypt , and the famine , whereof ye were afraid , shall follow close after you there in Egypt ; and there ye shall die .
42 : 17 So shall it be with all the men that set their faces to go into Egypt to sojourn there ; they shall die by the sword , by the famine , and by the pestilence : and none of them shall remain or escape from the evil that I will bring upon them .
42 : 18 For thus saith the LORD of hosts , the God of Israel ; As mine anger and my fury hath been poured forth upon the inhabitants of Jerusalem ; so shall my fury be poured forth upon you , when ye shall enter into Egypt : and ye shall be an execration , and an astonishment , and a curse , and a reproach ; and ye shall see this place no more .
42 : 20 For ye dissembled in your hearts , when ye sent me unto the LORD your God , saying , Pray for us unto the LORD our God ; and according unto all that the LORD our God shall say , so declare unto us , and we will do it .
42 : 22 Now therefore know certainly that ye shall die by the sword , by the famine , and by the pestilence , in the place whither ye desire to go and to sojourn .
43 : 8 Then came the word of the LORD unto Jeremiah in Tahpanhes , saying , 43 : 9 Take great stones in thine hand , and hide them in the clay in the brickkiln , which is at the entry of Pharaoh ' s house in Tahpanhes , in the sight of the men of Judah ; 43 : 10 And say unto them , Thus saith the LORD of hosts , the God of Israel ; Behold , I will send and take Nebuchadrezzar the king of Babylon , my servant , and will set his throne upon these stones that I have hid ; and he shall spread his royal pavilion over them .
43 : 11 And when he cometh , he shall smite the land of Egypt , and deliver such as are for death to death ; and such as are for captivity to captivity ; and such as are for the sword to the sword .
43 : 12 And I will kindle a fire in the houses of the gods of Egypt ; and he shall burn them , and carry them away captives : and he shall array himself with the land of Egypt , as a shepherd putteth on his garment ; and he shall go forth from thence in peace .
43 : 13 He shall break also the images of Bethshemesh , that is in the land of Egypt ; and the houses of the gods of the Egyptians shall he burn with fire .
44 : 12 And I will take the remnant of Judah , that have set their faces to go into the land of Egypt to sojourn there , and they shall all be consumed , and fall in the land of Egypt ; they shall even be consumed by the sword and by the famine : they shall die , from the least even unto the greatest , by the sword and by the famine : and they shall be an execration , and an astonishment , and a curse , and a reproach .
44 : 13 For I will punish them that dwell in the land of Egypt , as I have punished Jerusalem , by the sword , by the famine , and by the pestilence : 44 : 14 So that none of the remnant of Judah , which are gone into the land of Egypt to sojourn there , shall escape or remain , that they should return into the land of Judah , to the which they have a desire to return to dwell there : for none shall return but such as shall escape .
44 : 26 Therefore hear ye the word of the LORD , all Judah that dwell in the land of Egypt ; Behold , I have sworn by my great name , saith the LORD , that my name shall no more be named in the mouth of any man of Judah in all the land of Egypt , saying , The Lord GOD liveth .
44 : 27 Behold , I will watch over them for evil , and not for good : and all the men of Judah that are in the land of Egypt shall be consumed by the sword and by the famine , until there be an end of them .
44 : 28 Yet a small number that escape the sword shall return out of the land of Egypt into the land of Judah , and all the remnant of Judah , that are gone into the land of Egypt to sojourn there , shall know whose words shall stand , mine , or their ' s .
44 : 29 And this shall be a sign unto you , saith the LORD , that I will punish you in this place , that ye may know that my words shall surely stand against you for evil : 44 : 30 Thus saith the LORD ; Behold , I will give Pharaohhophra king of Egypt into the hand of his enemies , and into the hand of them that seek his life ; as I gave Zedekiah king of Judah into the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon , his enemy , and that sought his life .
46 : 6 Let not the swift flee away , nor the mighty man escape ; they shall stumble , and fall toward the north by the river Euphrates .
46 : 10 For this is the day of the Lord GOD of hosts , a day of vengeance , that he may avenge him of his adversaries : and the sword shall devour , and it shall be satiate and made drunk with their blood : for the Lord GOD of hosts hath a sacrifice in the north country by the river Euphrates .
46 : 14 Declare ye in Egypt , and publish in Migdol , and publish in Noph and in Tahpanhes : say ye , Stand fast , and prepare thee ; for the sword shall devour round about thee .
46 : 18 As I live , saith the King , whose name is the LORD of hosts , Surely as Tabor is among the mountains , and as Carmel by the sea , so shall he come .
46 : 19 O thou daughter dwelling in Egypt , furnish thyself to go into captivity : for Noph shall be waste and desolate without an inhabitant .
46 : 22 The voice thereof shall go like a serpent ; for they shall march with an army , and come against her with axes , as hewers of wood .
46 : 23 They shall cut down her forest , saith the LORD , though it cannot be searched ; because they are more than the grasshoppers , and are innumerable .
46 : 24 The daughter of Egypt shall be confounded ; she shall be delivered into the hand of the people of the north .
46 : 25 The LORD of hosts , the God of Israel , saith ; Behold , I will punish the multitude of No , and Pharaoh , and Egypt , with their gods , and their kings ; even Pharaoh , and all them that trust in him : 46 : 26 And I will deliver them into the hand of those that seek their lives , and into the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon , and into the hand of his servants : and afterward it shall be inhabited , as in the days of old , saith the LORD .
46 : 27 But fear not thou , O my servant Jacob , and be not dismayed , O Israel : for , behold , I will save thee from afar off , and thy seed from the land of their captivity ; and Jacob shall return , and be in rest and at ease , and none shall make him afraid .
47 : 2 Thus saith the LORD ; Behold , waters rise up out of the north , and shall be an overflowing flood , and shall overflow the land , and all that is therein ; the city , and them that dwell therein : then the men shall cry , and all the inhabitants of the land shall howl .
47 : 3 At the noise of the stamping of the hoofs of his strong horses , at the rushing of his chariots , and at the rumbling of his wheels , the fathers shall not look back to their children for feebleness of hands ; 47 : 4 Because of the day that cometh to spoil all the Philistines , and to cut off from Tyrus and Zidon every helper that remaineth : for the LORD will spoil the Philistines , the remnant of the country of Caphtor .
48 : 2 There shall be no more praise of Moab : in Heshbon they have devised evil against it ; come , and let us cut it off from being a nation .
Also thou shalt be cut down , O Madmen ; the sword shall pursue thee .
48 : 3 A voice of crying shall be from Horonaim , spoiling and great destruction .
48 : 5 For in the going up of Luhith continual weeping shall go up ; for in the going down of Horonaim the enemies have heard a cry of destruction .
48 : 7 For because thou hast trusted in thy works and in thy treasures , thou shalt also be taken : and Chemosh shall go forth into captivity with his priests and his princes together .
48 : 8 And the spoiler shall come upon every city , and no city shall escape : the valley also shall perish , and the plain shall be destroyed , as the LORD hath spoken .
48 : 9 Give wings unto Moab , that it may flee and get away : for the cities thereof shall be desolate , without any to dwell therein .
48 : 12 Therefore , behold , the days come , saith the LORD , that I will send unto him wanderers , that shall cause him to wander , and shall empty his vessels , and break their bottles .
48 : 13 And Moab shall be ashamed of Chemosh , as the house of Israel was ashamed of Bethel their confidence .
48 : 18 Thou daughter that dost inhabit Dibon , come down from thy glory , and sit in thirst ; for the spoiler of Moab shall come upon thee , and he shall destroy thy strong holds .
48 : 26 Make ye him drunken : for he magnified himself against the LORD : Moab also shall wallow in his vomit , and he also shall be in derision .
48 : 30 I know his wrath , saith the LORD ; but it shall not be so ; his lies shall not so effect it .
48 : 31 Therefore will I howl for Moab , and I will cry out for all Moab ; mine heart shall mourn for the men of Kirheres .
48 : 33 And joy and gladness is taken from the plentiful field , and from the land of Moab , and I have caused wine to fail from the winepresses : none shall tread with shouting ; their shouting shall be no shouting .
48 : 34 From the cry of Heshbon even unto Elealeh , and even unto Jahaz , have they uttered their voice , from Zoar even unto Horonaim , as an heifer of three years old : for the waters also of Nimrim shall be desolate .
48 : 36 Therefore mine heart shall sound for Moab like pipes , and mine heart shall sound like pipes for the men of Kirheres : because the riches that he hath gotten are perished .
48 : 37 For every head shall be bald , and every beard clipped : upon all the hands shall be cuttings , and upon the loins sackcloth .
48 : 38 There shall be lamentation generally upon all the housetops of Moab , and in the streets thereof : for I have broken Moab like a vessel wherein is no pleasure , saith the LORD .
48 : 39 They shall howl , saying , How is it broken down !
so shall Moab be a derision and a dismaying to all them about him .
48 : 40 For thus saith the LORD ; Behold , he shall fly as an eagle , and shall spread his wings over Moab .
48 : 41 Kerioth is taken , and the strong holds are surprised , and the mighty men ' s hearts in Moab at that day shall be as the heart of a woman in her pangs .
48 : 42 And Moab shall be destroyed from being a people , because he hath magnified himself against the LORD .
48 : 43 Fear , and the pit , and the snare , shall be upon thee , O inhabitant of Moab , saith the LORD .
48 : 44 He that fleeth from the fear shall fall into the pit ; and he that getteth up out of the pit shall be taken in the snare : for I will bring upon it , even upon Moab , the year of their visitation , saith the LORD .
48 : 45 They that fled stood under the shadow of Heshbon because of the force : but a fire shall come forth out of Heshbon , and a flame from the midst of Sihon , and shall devour the corner of Moab , and the crown of the head of the tumultuous ones .
49 : 2 Therefore , behold , the days come , saith the LORD , that I will cause an alarm of war to be heard in Rabbah of the Ammonites ; and it shall be a desolate heap , and her daughters shall be burned with fire : then shall Israel be heir unto them that were his heirs , saith the LORD .
49 : 3 Howl , O Heshbon , for Ai is spoiled : cry , ye daughters of Rabbah , gird you with sackcloth ; lament , and run to and fro by the hedges ; for their king shall go into captivity , and his priests and his princes together .
that trusted in her treasures , saying , Who shall come unto me ?
49 : 5 Behold , I will bring a fear upon thee , saith the Lord GOD of hosts , from all those that be about thee ; and ye shall be driven out every man right forth ; and none shall gather up him that wandereth .
49 : 10 But I have made Esau bare , I have uncovered his secret places , and he shall not be able to hide himself : his seed is spoiled , and his brethren , and his neighbours , and he is not .
49 : 12 For thus saith the LORD ; Behold , they whose judgment was not to drink of the cup have assuredly drunken ; and art thou he that shall altogether go unpunished ?
49 : 13 For I have sworn by myself , saith the LORD , that Bozrah shall become a desolation , a reproach , a waste , and a curse ; and all the cities thereof shall be perpetual wastes .
49 : 17 Also Edom shall be a desolation : every one that goeth by it shall be astonished , and shall hiss at all the plagues thereof .
49 : 18 As in the overthrow of Sodom and Gomorrah and the neighbour cities thereof , saith the LORD , no man shall abide there , neither shall a son of man dwell in it .
49 : 19 Behold , he shall come up like a lion from the swelling of Jordan against the habitation of the strong : but I will suddenly make him run away from her : and who is a chosen man , that I may appoint over her ?
49 : 20 Therefore hear the counsel of the LORD , that he hath taken against Edom ; and his purposes , that he hath purposed against the inhabitants of Teman : Surely the least of the flock shall draw them out : surely he shall make their habitations desolate with them .
49 : 22 Behold , he shall come up and fly as the eagle , and spread his wings over Bozrah : and at that day shall the heart of the mighty men of Edom be as the heart of a woman in her pangs .
49 : 26 Therefore her young men shall fall in her streets , and all the men of war shall be cut off in that day , saith the LORD of hosts .
49 : 27 And I will kindle a fire in the wall of Damascus , and it shall consume the palaces of Benhadad .
49 : 28 Concerning Kedar , and concerning the kingdoms of Hazor , which Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon shall smite , thus saith the LORD ; Arise ye , go up to Kedar , and spoil the men of the east .
49 : 29 Their tents and their flocks shall they take away : they shall take to themselves their curtains , and all their vessels , and their camels ; and they shall cry unto them , Fear is on every side .
49 : 32 And their camels shall be a booty , and the multitude of their cattle a spoil : and I will scatter into all winds them that are in the utmost corners ; and I will bring their calamity from all sides thereof , saith the LORD .
49 : 33 And Hazor shall be a dwelling for dragons , and a desolation for ever : there shall no man abide there , nor any son of man dwell in it .
49 : 36 And upon Elam will I bring the four winds from the four quarters of heaven , and will scatter them toward all those winds ; and there shall be no nation whither the outcasts of Elam shall not come .
49 : 39 But it shall come to pass in the latter days , that I will bring again the captivity of Elam , saith the LORD .
50 : 3 For out of the north there cometh up a nation against her , which shall make her land desolate , and none shall dwell therein : they shall remove , they shall depart , both man and beast .
50 : 4 In those days , and in that time , saith the LORD , the children of Israel shall come , they and the children of Judah together , going and weeping : they shall go , and seek the LORD their God .
50 : 5 They shall ask the way to Zion with their faces thitherward , saying , Come , and let us join ourselves to the LORD in a perpetual covenant that shall not be forgotten .
50 : 9 For , lo , I will raise and cause to come up against Babylon an assembly of great nations from the north country : and they shall set themselves in array against her ; from thence she shall be taken : their arrows shall be as of a mighty expert man ; none shall return in vain .
50 : 10 And Chaldea shall be a spoil : all that spoil her shall be satisfied , saith the LORD .
50 : 11 Because ye were glad , because ye rejoiced , O ye destroyers of mine heritage , because ye are grown fat as the heifer at grass , and bellow as bulls ; 50 : 12 Your mother shall be sore confounded ; she that bare you shall be ashamed : behold , the hindermost of the nations shall be a wilderness , a dry land , and a desert .
50 : 13 Because of the wrath of the LORD it shall not be inhabited , but it shall be wholly desolate : every one that goeth by Babylon shall be astonished , and hiss at all her plagues .
50 : 16 Cut off the sower from Babylon , and him that handleth the sickle in the time of harvest : for fear of the oppressing sword they shall turn every one to his people , and they shall flee every one to his own land .
50 : 19 And I will bring Israel again to his habitation , and he shall feed on Carmel and Bashan , and his soul shall be satisfied upon mount Ephraim and Gilead .
50 : 20 In those days , and in that time , saith the LORD , the iniquity of Israel shall be sought for , and there shall be none ; and the sins of Judah , and they shall not be found : for I will pardon them whom I reserve .
50 : 30 Therefore shall her young men fall in the streets , and all her men of war shall be cut off in that day , saith the LORD .
50 : 32 And the most proud shall stumble and fall , and none shall raise him up : and I will kindle a fire in his cities , and it shall devour all round about him .
50 : 34 Their Redeemer is strong ; the LORD of hosts is his name : he shall throughly plead their cause , that he may give rest to the land , and disquiet the inhabitants of Babylon .
50 : 36 A sword is upon the liars ; and they shall dote : a sword is upon her mighty men ; and they shall be dismayed .
50 : 37 A sword is upon their horses , and upon their chariots , and upon all the mingled people that are in the midst of her ; and they shall become as women : a sword is upon her treasures ; and they shall be robbed .
50 : 38 A drought is upon her waters ; and they shall be dried up : for it is the land of graven images , and they are mad upon their idols .
50 : 39 Therefore the wild beasts of the desert with the wild beasts of the islands shall dwell there , and the owls shall dwell therein : and it shall be no more inhabited for ever ; neither shall it be dwelt in from generation to generation .
50 : 40 As God overthrew Sodom and Gomorrah and the neighbour cities thereof , saith the LORD ; so shall no man abide there , neither shall any son of man dwell therein .
50 : 41 Behold , a people shall come from the north , and a great nation , and many kings shall be raised up from the coasts of the earth .
50 : 42 They shall hold the bow and the lance : they are cruel , and will not shew mercy : their voice shall roar like the sea , and they shall ride upon horses , every one put in array , like a man to the battle , against thee , O daughter of Babylon .
50 : 44 Behold , he shall come up like a lion from the swelling of Jordan unto the habitation of the strong : but I will make them suddenly run away from her : and who is a chosen man , that I may appoint over her ?
50 : 45 Therefore hear ye the counsel of the LORD , that he hath taken against Babylon ; and his purposes , that he hath purposed against the land of the Chaldeans : Surely the least of the flock shall draw them out : surely he shall make their habitation desolate with them .
51 : 1 Thus saith the LORD ; Behold , I will raise up against Babylon , and against them that dwell in the midst of them that rise up against me , a destroying wind ; 51 : 2 And will send unto Babylon fanners , that shall fan her , and shall empty her land : for in the day of trouble they shall be against her round about .
51 : 4 Thus the slain shall fall in the land of the Chaldeans , and they that are thrust through in her streets .
51 : 14 The LORD of hosts hath sworn by himself , saying , Surely I will fill thee with men , as with caterpillers ; and they shall lift up a shout against thee .
51 : 18 They are vanity , the work of errors : in the time of their visitation they shall perish .
51 : 26 And they shall not take of thee a stone for a corner , nor a stone for foundations ; but thou shalt be desolate for ever , saith the LORD .
51 : 29 And the land shall tremble and sorrow : for every purpose of the LORD shall be performed against Babylon , to make the land of Babylon a desolation without an inhabitant .
51 : 31 One post shall run to meet another , and one messenger to meet another , to shew the king of Babylon that his city is taken at one end , 51 : 32 And that the passages are stopped , and the reeds they have burned with fire , and the men of war are affrighted .
51 : 33 For thus saith the LORD of hosts , the God of Israel ; The daughter of Babylon is like a threshingfloor , it is time to thresh her : yet a little while , and the time of her harvest shall come .
51 : 35 The violence done to me and to my flesh be upon Babylon , shall the inhabitant of Zion say ; and my blood upon the inhabitants of Chaldea , shall Jerusalem say .
51 : 37 And Babylon shall become heaps , a dwellingplace for dragons , an astonishment , and an hissing , without an inhabitant .
51 : 38 They shall roar together like lions : they shall yell as lions ' whelps .
51 : 44 And I will punish Bel in Babylon , and I will bring forth out of his mouth that which he hath swallowed up : and the nations shall not flow together any more unto him : yea , the wall of Babylon shall fall .
51 : 46 And lest your heart faint , and ye fear for the rumour that shall be heard in the land ; a rumour shall both come one year , and after that in another year shall come a rumour , and violence in the land , ruler against ruler .
51 : 47 Therefore , behold , the days come , that I will do judgment upon the graven images of Babylon : and her whole land shall be confounded , and all her slain shall fall in the midst of her .
51 : 48 Then the heaven and the earth , and all that is therein , shall sing for Babylon : for the spoilers shall come unto her from the north , saith the LORD .
51 : 49 As Babylon hath caused the slain of Israel to fall , so at Babylon shall fall the slain of all the earth .
51 : 52 Wherefore , behold , the days come , saith the LORD , that I will do judgment upon her graven images : and through all her land the wounded shall groan .
51 : 53 Though Babylon should mount up to heaven , and though she should fortify the height of her strength , yet from me shall spoilers come unto her , saith the LORD .
51 : 54 A sound of a cry cometh from Babylon , and great destruction from the land of the Chaldeans : 51 : 55 Because the LORD hath spoiled Babylon , and destroyed out of her the great voice ; when her waves do roar like great waters , a noise of their voice is uttered : 51 : 56 Because the spoiler is come upon her , even upon Babylon , and her mighty men are taken , every one of their bows is broken : for the LORD God of recompences shall surely requite .
51 : 57 And I will make drunk her princes , and her wise men , her captains , and her rulers , and her mighty men : and they shall sleep a perpetual sleep , and not wake , saith the King , whose name is the LORD of hosts .
51 : 58 Thus saith the LORD of hosts ; The broad walls of Babylon shall be utterly broken , and her high gates shall be burned with fire ; and the people shall labour in vain , and the folk in the fire , and they shall be weary .
51 : 61 And Jeremiah said to Seraiah , When thou comest to Babylon , and shalt see , and shalt read all these words ; 51 : 62 Then shalt thou say , O LORD , thou hast spoken against this place , to cut it off , that none shall remain in it , neither man nor beast , but that it shall be desolate for ever .
51 : 63 And it shall be , when thou hast made an end of reading this book , that thou shalt bind a stone to it , and cast it into the midst of Euphrates : 51 : 64 And thou shalt say , Thus shall Babylon sink , and shall not rise from the evil that I will bring upon her : and they shall be weary .
1 : 21 They have heard that I sigh : there is none to comfort me : all mine enemies have heard of my trouble ; they are glad that thou hast done it : thou wilt bring the day that thou hast called , and they shall be like unto me .
2 : 13 What thing shall I take to witness for thee ?
what thing shall I liken to thee , O daughter of Jerusalem ?
what shall I equal to thee , that I may comfort thee , O virgin daughter of Zion ?
Shall the women eat their fruit , and children of a span long ?
shall the priest and the prophet be slain in the sanctuary of the Lord ?
4 : 15 They cried unto them , Depart ye ; it is unclean ; depart , depart , touch not : when they fled away and wandered , they said among the heathen , They shall no more sojourn there .
4 : 20 The breath of our nostrils , the anointed of the LORD , was taken in their pits , of whom we said , Under his shadow we shall live among the heathen .
4 : 21 Rejoice and be glad , O daughter of Edom , that dwellest in the land of Uz ; the cup also shall pass through unto thee : thou shalt be drunken , and shalt make thyself naked .
5 : 21 Turn thou us unto thee , O LORD , and we shall be turned ; renew our days as of old .
2 : 5 And they , whether they will hear , or whether they will forbear , ( for they are a rebellious house ,) yet shall know that there hath been a prophet among them .
3 : 10 Moreover he said unto me , Son of man , all my words that I shall speak unto thee receive in thine heart , and hear with thine ears .
3 : 18 When I say unto the wicked , Thou shalt surely die ; and thou givest him not warning , nor speakest to warn the wicked from his wicked way , to save his life ; the same wicked man shall die in his iniquity ; but his blood will I require at thine hand .
3 : 19 Yet if thou warn the wicked , and he turn not from his wickedness , nor from his wicked way , he shall die in his iniquity ; but thou hast delivered thy soul .
3 : 20 Again , When a righteous man doth turn from his righteousness , and commit iniquity , and I lay a stumbling - block before him , he shall die : because thou hast not given him warning , he shall die in his sin , and his righteousness which he hath done shall not be remembered ; but his blood will I require at thine hand .
3 : 21 Nevertheless if thou warn the righteous man , that the righteous sin not , and he doth not sin , he shall surely live , because he is warned ; also thou hast delivered thy soul .
3 : 25 But thou , O son of man , behold , they shall put bands upon thee , and shall bind thee with them , and thou shalt not go out among them : 3 : 26 And I will make thy tongue cleave to the roof of thy mouth , that thou shalt be dumb , and shalt not be to them a reprover : for they are a rebellious house .
4 : 3 Moreover take thou unto thee an iron pan , and set it for a wall of iron between thee and the city : and set thy face against it , and it shall be besieged , and thou shalt lay siege against it .
This shall be a sign to the house of Israel .
4 : 7 Therefore thou shalt set thy face toward the siege of Jerusalem , and thine arm shall be uncovered , and thou shalt prophesy against it .
4 : 10 And thy meat which thou shalt eat shall be by weight , twenty shekels a day : from time to time shalt thou eat it .
4 : 13 And the LORD said , Even thus shall the children of Israel eat their defiled bread among the Gentiles , whither I will drive them .
4 : 16 Moreover he said unto me , Son of man , behold , I will break the staff of bread in Jerusalem : and they shall eat bread by weight , and with care ; and they shall drink water by measure , and with astonishment : 4 : 17 That they may want bread and water , and be astonied one with another , and consume away for their iniquity .
5 : 4 Then take of them again , and cast them into the midst of the fire , and burn them in the fire ; for thereof shall a fire come forth into all the house of Israel .
5 : 10 Therefore the fathers shall eat the sons in the midst of thee , and the sons shall eat their fathers ; and I will execute judgments in thee , and the whole remnant of thee will I scatter into all the winds .
5 : 11 Wherefore , as I live , saith the Lord GOD ; Surely , because thou hast defiled my sanctuary with all thy detestable things , and with all thine abominations , therefore will I also diminish thee ; neither shall mine eye spare , neither will I have any pity .
5 : 12 A third part of thee shall die with the pestilence , and with famine shall they be consumed in the midst of thee : and a third part shall fall by the sword round about thee ; and I will scatter a third part into all the winds , and I will draw out a sword after them .
5 : 13 Thus shall mine anger be accomplished , and I will cause my fury to rest upon them , and I will be comforted : and they shall know that I the LORD have spoken it in my zeal , when I have accomplished my fury in them .
5 : 15 So it shall be a reproach and a taunt , an instruction and an astonishment unto the nations that are round about thee , when I shall execute judgments in thee in anger and in fury and in furious rebukes .
5 : 16 When I shall send upon them the evil arrows of famine , which shall be for their destruction , and which I will send to destroy you : and I will increase the famine upon you , and will break your staff of bread : 5 : 17 So will I send upon you famine and evil beasts , and they shall bereave thee : and pestilence and blood shall pass through thee ; and I will bring the sword upon thee .
6 : 4 And your altars shall be desolate , and your images shall be broken : and I will cast down your slain men before your idols .
6 : 6 In all your dwellingplaces the cities shall be laid waste , and the high places shall be desolate ; that your altars may be laid waste and made desolate , and your idols may be broken and cease , and your images may be cut down , and your works may be abolished .
6 : 7 And the slain shall fall in the midst of you , and ye shall know that I am the LORD .
6 : 8 Yet will I leave a remnant , that ye may have some that shall escape the sword among the nations , when ye shall be scattered through the countries .
6 : 9 And they that escape of you shall remember me among the nations whither they shall be carried captives , because I am broken with their whorish heart , which hath departed from me , and with their eyes , which go a whoring after their idols : and they shall lothe themselves for the evils which they have committed in all their abominations .
6 : 10 And they shall know that I am the LORD , and that I have not said in vain that I would do this evil unto them .
for they shall fall by the sword , by the famine , and by the pestilence .
6 : 12 He that is far off shall die of the pestilence ; and he that is near shall fall by the sword ; and he that remaineth and is besieged shall die by the famine : thus will I accomplish my fury upon them .
6 : 13 Then shall ye know that I am the LORD , when their slain men shall be among their idols round about their altars , upon every high hill , in all the tops of the mountains , and under every green tree , and under every thick oak , the place where they did offer sweet savour to all their idols .
6 : 14 So will I stretch out my hand upon them , and make the land desolate , yea , more desolate than the wilderness toward Diblath , in all their habitations : and they shall know that I am the LORD .
7 : 4 And mine eye shall not spare thee , neither will I have pity : but I will recompense thy ways upon thee , and thine abominations shall be in the midst of thee : and ye shall know that I am the LORD .
7 : 9 And mine eye shall not spare , neither will I have pity : I will recompense thee according to thy ways and thine abominations that are in the midst of thee ; and ye shall know that I am the LORD that smiteth .
7 : 11 Violence is risen up into a rod of wickedness : none of them shall remain , nor of their multitude , nor of any of their ' s : neither shall there be wailing for them .
7 : 13 For the seller shall not return to that which is sold , although they were yet alive : for the vision is touching the whole multitude thereof , which shall not return ; neither shall any strengthen himself in the iniquity of his life .
7 : 15 The sword is without , and the pestilence and the famine within : he that is in the field shall die with the sword ; and he that is in the city , famine and pestilence shall devour him .
7 : 16 But they that escape of them shall escape , and shall be on the mountains like doves of the valleys , all of them mourning , every one for his iniquity .
7 : 17 All hands shall be feeble , and all knees shall be weak as water .
7 : 18 They shall also gird themselves with sackcloth , and horror shall cover them ; and shame shall be upon all faces , and baldness upon all their heads .
7 : 19 They shall cast their silver in the streets , and their gold shall be removed : their silver and their gold shall not be able to deliver them in the day of the wrath of the LORD : they shall not satisfy their souls , neither fill their bowels : because it is the stumblingblock of their iniquity .
7 : 21 And I will give it into the hands of the strangers for a prey , and to the wicked of the earth for a spoil ; and they shall pollute it .
7 : 22 My face will I turn also from them , and they shall pollute my secret place : for the robbers shall enter into it , and defile it .
7 : 24 Wherefore I will bring the worst of the heathen , and they shall possess their houses : I will also make the pomp of the strong to cease ; and their holy places shall be defiled .
7 : 25 Destruction cometh ; and they shall seek peace , and there shall be none .
7 : 26 Mischief shall come upon mischief , and rumour shall be upon rumour ; then shall they seek a vision of the prophet ; but the law shall perish from the priest , and counsel from the ancients .
7 : 27 The king shall mourn , and the prince shall be clothed with desolation , and the hands of the people of the land shall be troubled : I will do unto them after their way , and according to their deserts will I judge them ; and they shall know that I am the LORD .
8 : 18 Therefore will I also deal in fury : mine eye shall not spare , neither will I have pity : and though they cry in mine ears with a loud voice , yet will I not hear them .
9 : 10 And as for me also , mine eye shall not spare , neither will I have pity , but I will recompense their way upon their head .
11 : 10 Ye shall fall by the sword ; I will judge you in the border of Israel ; and ye shall know that I am the LORD .
11 : 11 This city shall not be your caldron , neither shall ye be the flesh in the midst thereof ; but I will judge you in the border of Israel : 11 : 12 And ye shall know that I am the LORD : for ye have not walked in my statutes , neither executed my judgments , but have done after the manners of the heathen that are round about you .
11 : 16 Therefore say , Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Although I have cast them far off among the heathen , and although I have scattered them among the countries , yet will I be to them as a little sanctuary in the countries where they shall come .
11 : 18 And they shall come thither , and they shall take away all the detestable things thereof and all the abominations thereof from thence .
11 : 19 And I will give them one heart , and I will put a new spirit within you ; and I will take the stony heart out of their flesh , and will give them an heart of flesh : 11 : 20 That they may walk in my statutes , and keep mine ordinances , and do them : and they shall be my people , and I will be their God .
12 : 11 Say , I am your sign : like as I have done , so shall it be done unto them : they shall remove and go into captivity .
12 : 12 And the prince that is among them shall bear upon his shoulder in the twilight , and shall go forth : they shall dig through the wall to carry out thereby : he shall cover his face , that he see not the ground with his eyes .
12 : 13 My net also will I spread upon him , and he shall be taken in my snare : and I will bring him to Babylon to the land of the Chaldeans ; yet shall he not see it , though he shall die there .
12 : 15 And they shall know that I am the LORD , when I shall scatter them among the nations , and disperse them in the countries .
12 : 16 But I will leave a few men of them from the sword , from the famine , and from the pestilence ; that they may declare all their abominations among the heathen whither they come ; and they shall know that I am the LORD .
12 : 17 Moreover the word of the LORD came to me , saying , 12 : 18 Son of man , eat thy bread with quaking , and drink thy water with trembling and with carefulness ; 12 : 19 And say unto the people of the land , Thus saith the Lord GOD of the inhabitants of Jerusalem , and of the land of Israel ; They shall eat their bread with carefulness , and drink their water with astonishment , that her land may be desolate from all that is therein , because of the violence of all them that dwell therein .
12 : 20 And the cities that are inhabited shall be laid waste , and the land shall be desolate ; and ye shall know that I am the LORD .
12 : 23 Tell them therefore , Thus saith the Lord GOD ; I will make this proverb to cease , and they shall no more use it as a proverb in Israel ; but say unto them , The days are at hand , and the effect of every vision .
12 : 24 For there shall be no more any vain vision nor flattering divination within the house of Israel .
12 : 25 For I am the LORD : I will speak , and the word that I shall speak shall come to pass ; it shall be no more prolonged : for in your days , O rebellious house , will I say the word , and will perform it , saith the Lord GOD .
12 : 28 Therefore say unto them , Thus saith the Lord GOD ; There shall none of my words be prolonged any more , but the word which I have spoken shall be done , saith the Lord GOD .
13 : 9 And mine hand shall be upon the prophets that see vanity , and that divine lies : they shall not be in the assembly of my people , neither shall they be written in the writing of the house of Israel , neither shall they enter into the land of Israel ; and ye shall know that I am the Lord GOD .
13 : 10 Because , even because they have seduced my people , saying , Peace ; and there was no peace ; and one built up a wall , and , lo , others daubed it with untempered morter : 13 : 11 Say unto them which daub it with untempered morter , that it shall fall : there shall be an overflowing shower ; and ye , O great hailstones , shall fall ; and a stormy wind shall rend it .
13 : 12 Lo , when the wall is fallen , shall it not be said unto you , Where is the daubing wherewith ye have daubed it ?
13 : 13 Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD ; I will even rend it with a stormy wind in my fury ; and there shall be an overflowing shower in mine anger , and great hailstones in my fury to consume it .
13 : 14 So will I break down the wall that ye have daubed with untempered morter , and bring it down to the ground , so that the foundation thereof shall be discovered , and it shall fall , and ye shall be consumed in the midst thereof : and ye shall know that I am the LORD .
13 : 21 Your kerchiefs also will I tear , and deliver my people out of your hand , and they shall be no more in your hand to be hunted ; and ye shall know that I am the LORD .
13 : 22 Because with lies ye have made the heart of the righteous sad , whom I have not made sad ; and strengthened the hands of the wicked , that he should not return from his wicked way , by promising him life : 13 : 23 Therefore ye shall see no more vanity , nor divine divinations : for I will deliver my people out of your hand : and ye shall know that I am the LORD .
14 : 7 For every one of the house of Israel , or of the stranger that sojourneth in Israel , which separateth himself from me , and setteth up his idols in his heart , and putteth the stumblingblock of his iniquity before his face , and cometh to a prophet to enquire of him concerning me ; I the LORD will answer him by myself : 14 : 8 And I will set my face against that man , and will make him a sign and a proverb , and I will cut him off from the midst of my people ; and ye shall know that I am the LORD .
14 : 10 And they shall bear the punishment of their iniquity : the punishment of the prophet shall be even as the punishment of him that seeketh unto him ; 14 : 11 That the house of Israel may go no more astray from me , neither be polluted any more with all their transgressions ; but that they may be my people , and I may be their God , saith the Lord GOD .
14 : 15 If I cause noisome beasts to pass through the land , and they spoil it , so that it be desolate , that no man may pass through because of the beasts : 14 : 16 Though these three men were in it , as I live , saith the Lord GOD , they shall deliver neither sons nor daughters ; they only shall be delivered , but the land shall be desolate .
14 : 17 Or if I bring a sword upon that land , and say , Sword , go through the land ; so that I cut off man and beast from it : 14 : 18 Though these three men were in it , as I live , saith the Lord GOD , they shall deliver neither sons nor daughters , but they only shall be delivered themselves .
14 : 19 Or if I send a pestilence into that land , and pour out my fury upon it in blood , to cut off from it man and beast : 14 : 20 Though Noah , Daniel , and Job were in it , as I live , saith the Lord GOD , they shall deliver neither son nor daughter ; they shall but deliver their own souls by their righteousness .
14 : 22 Yet , behold , therein shall be left a remnant that shall be brought forth , both sons and daughters : behold , they shall come forth unto you , and ye shall see their way and their doings : and ye shall be comforted concerning the evil that I have brought upon Jerusalem , even concerning all that I have brought upon it .
14 : 23 And they shall comfort you , when ye see their ways and their doings : and ye shall know that I have not done without cause all that I have done in it , saith the Lord GOD .
15 : 3 Shall wood be taken thereof to do any work ?
15 : 5 Behold , when it was whole , it was meet for no work : how much less shall it be meet yet for any work , when the fire hath devoured it , and it is burned ?
15 : 7 And I will set my face against them ; they shall go out from one fire , and another fire shall devour them ; and ye shall know that I am the LORD , when I set my face against them .
16 : 16 And of thy garments thou didst take , and deckedst thy high places with divers colours , and playedst the harlot thereupon : the like things shall not come , neither shall it be so .
16 : 39 And I will also give thee into their hand , and they shall throw down thine eminent place , and shall break down thy high places : they shall strip thee also of thy clothes , and shall take thy fair jewels , and leave thee naked and bare .
16 : 40 They shall also bring up a company against thee , and they shall stone thee with stones , and thrust thee through with their swords .
16 : 41 And they shall burn thine houses with fire , and execute judgments upon thee in the sight of many women : and I will cause thee to cease from playing the harlot , and thou also shalt give no hire any more .
16 : 42 So will I make my fury toward thee to rest , and my jealousy shall depart from thee , and I will be quiet , and will be no more angry .
16 : 44 Behold , every one that useth proverbs shall use this proverb against thee , saying , As is the mother , so is her daughter .
16 : 53 When I shall bring again their captivity , the captivity of Sodom and her daughters , and the captivity of Samaria and her daughters , then will I bring again the captivity of thy captives in the midst of them : 16 : 54 That thou mayest bear thine own shame , and mayest be confounded in all that thou hast done , in that thou art a comfort unto them .
16 : 55 When thy sisters , Sodom and her daughters , shall return to their former estate , and Samaria and her daughters shall return to their former estate , then thou and thy daughters shall return to your former estate .
17 : 9 Say thou , Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Shall it prosper ?
shall he not pull up the roots thereof , and cut off the fruit thereof , that it wither ?
it shall wither in all the leaves of her spring , even without great power or many people to pluck it up by the roots thereof .
17 : 10 Yea , behold , being planted , shall it prosper ?
shall it not utterly wither , when the east wind toucheth it ?
it shall wither in the furrows where it grew .
Shall he prosper ?
shall he escape that doeth such things ?
or shall he break the covenant , and be delivered ?
17 : 16 As I live , saith the Lord GOD , surely in the place where the king dwelleth that made him king , whose oath he despised , and whose covenant he brake , even with him in the midst of Babylon he shall die .
17 : 17 Neither shall Pharaoh with his mighty army and great company make for him in the war , by casting up mounts , and building forts , to cut off many persons : 17 : 18 Seeing he despised the oath by breaking the covenant , when , lo , he had given his hand , and hath done all these things , he shall not escape .
17 : 20 And I will spread my net upon him , and he shall be taken in my snare , and I will bring him to Babylon , and will plead with him there for his trespass that he hath trespassed against me .
17 : 21 And all his fugitives with all his bands shall fall by the sword , and they that remain shall be scattered toward all winds : and ye shall know that I the LORD have spoken it .
17 : 22 Thus saith the Lord GOD ; I will also take of the highest branch of the high cedar , and will set it ; I will crop off from the top of his young twigs a tender one , and will plant it upon an high mountain and eminent : 17 : 23 In the mountain of the height of Israel will I plant it : and it shall bring forth boughs , and bear fruit , and be a goodly cedar : and under it shall dwell all fowl of every wing ; in the shadow of the branches thereof shall they dwell .
17 : 24 And all the trees of the field shall know that I the LORD have brought down the high tree , have exalted the low tree , have dried up the green tree , and have made the dry tree to flourish : I the LORD have spoken and have done it .
18 : 3 As I live , saith the Lord GOD , ye shall not have occasion any more to use this proverb in Israel .
18 : 4 Behold , all souls are mine ; as the soul of the father , so also the soul of the son is mine : the soul that sinneth , it shall die .
18 : 5 But if a man be just , and do that which is lawful and right , 18 : 6 And hath not eaten upon the mountains , neither hath lifted up his eyes to the idols of the house of Israel , neither hath defiled his neighbour ' s wife , neither hath come near to a menstruous woman , 18 : 7 And hath not oppressed any , but hath restored to the debtor his pledge , hath spoiled none by violence , hath given his bread to the hungry , and hath covered the naked with a garment ; 18 : 8 He that hath not given forth upon usury , neither hath taken any increase , that hath withdrawn his hand from iniquity , hath executed true judgment between man and man , 18 : 9 Hath walked in my statutes , and hath kept my judgments , to deal truly ; he is just , he shall surely live , saith the Lord GOD .
18 : 10 If he beget a son that is a robber , a shedder of blood , and that doeth the like to any one of these things , 18 : 11 And that doeth not any of those duties , but even hath eaten upon the mountains , and defiled his neighbour ' s wife , 18 : 12 Hath oppressed the poor and needy , hath spoiled by violence , hath not restored the pledge , and hath lifted up his eyes to the idols , hath committed abomination , 18 : 13 Hath given forth upon usury , and hath taken increase : shall he then live ?
he shall not live : he hath done all these abominations ; he shall surely die ; his blood shall be upon him .
18 : 14 Now , lo , if he beget a son , that seeth all his father ' s sins which he hath done , and considereth , and doeth not such like , 18 : 15 That hath not eaten upon the mountains , neither hath lifted up his eyes to the idols of the house of Israel , hath not defiled his neighbour ' s wife , 18 : 16 Neither hath oppressed any , hath not withholden the pledge , neither hath spoiled by violence , but hath given his bread to the hungry , and hath covered the naked with a garment , 18 : 17 That hath taken off his hand from the poor , that hath not received usury nor increase , hath executed my judgments , hath walked in my statutes ; he shall not die for the iniquity of his father , he shall surely live .
18 : 18 As for his father , because he cruelly oppressed , spoiled his brother by violence , and did that which is not good among his people , lo , even he shall die in his iniquity .
When the son hath done that which is lawful and right , and hath kept all my statutes , and hath done them , he shall surely live .
18 : 20 The soul that sinneth , it shall die .
The son shall not bear the iniquity of the father , neither shall the father bear the iniquity of the son : the righteousness of the righteous shall be upon him , and the wickedness of the wicked shall be upon him .
18 : 21 But if the wicked will turn from all his sins that he hath committed , and keep all my statutes , and do that which is lawful and right , he shall surely live , he shall not die .
18 : 22 All his transgressions that he hath committed , they shall not be mentioned unto him : in his righteousness that he hath done he shall live .
18 : 24 But when the righteous turneth away from his righteousness , and committeth iniquity , and doeth according to all the abominations that the wicked man doeth , shall he live ?
All his righteousness that he hath done shall not be mentioned : in his trespass that he hath trespassed , and in his sin that he hath sinned , in them shall he die .
18 : 26 When a righteous man turneth away from his righteousness , and committeth iniquity , and dieth in them ; for his iniquity that he hath done shall he die .
18 : 27 Again , when the wicked man turneth away from his wickedness that he hath committed , and doeth that which is lawful and right , he shall save his soul alive .
18 : 28 Because he considereth , and turneth away from all his transgressions that he hath committed , he shall surely live , he shall not die .
Repent , and turn yourselves from all your transgressions ; so iniquity shall not be your ruin .
This is a lamentation , and shall be for a lamentation .
20 : 11 And I gave them my statutes , and shewed them my judgments , which if a man do , he shall even live in them .
20 : 13 But the house of Israel rebelled against me in the wilderness : they walked not in my statutes , and they despised my judgments , which if a man do , he shall even live in them ; and my sabbaths they greatly polluted : then I said , I would pour out my fury upon them in the wilderness , to consume them .
20 : 18 But I said unto their children in the wilderness , Walk ye not in the statutes of your fathers , neither observe their judgments , nor defile yourselves with their idols : 20 : 19 I am the LORD your God ; walk in my statutes , and keep my judgments , and do them ; 20 : 20 And hallow my sabbaths ; and they shall be a sign between me and you , that ye may know that I am the LORD your God .
20 : 21 Notwithstanding the children rebelled against me : they walked not in my statutes , neither kept my judgments to do them , which if a man do , he shall even live in them ; they polluted my sabbaths : then I said , I would pour out my fury upon them , to accomplish my anger against them in the wilderness .
20 : 31 For when ye offer your gifts , when ye make your sons to pass through the fire , ye pollute yourselves with all your idols , even unto this day : and shall I be enquired of by you , O house of Israel ?
20 : 32 And that which cometh into your mind shall not be at all , that ye say , We will be as the heathen , as the families of the countries , to serve wood and stone .
20 : 37 And I will cause you to pass under the rod , and I will bring you into the bond of the covenant : 20 : 38 And I will purge out from among you the rebels , and them that transgress against me : I will bring them forth out of the country where they sojourn , and they shall not enter into the land of Israel : and ye shall know that I am the LORD .
20 : 40 For in mine holy mountain , in the mountain of the height of Israel , saith the Lord GOD , there shall all the house of Israel , all of them in the land , serve me : there will I accept them , and there will I require your offerings , and the firstfruits of your oblations , with all your holy things .
20 : 42 And ye shall know that I am the LORD , when I shall bring you into the land of Israel , into the country for the which I lifted up mine hand to give it to your fathers .
20 : 43 And there shall ye remember your ways , and all your doings , wherein ye have been defiled ; and ye shall lothe yourselves in your own sight for all your evils that ye have committed .
20 : 44 And ye shall know that I am the LORD when I have wrought with you for my name ' s sake , not according to your wicked ways , nor according to your corrupt doings , O ye house of Israel , saith the Lord GOD .
20 : 45 Moreover the word of the LORD came unto me , saying , 20 : 46 Son of man , set thy face toward the south , and drop thy word toward the south , and prophesy against the forest of the south field ; 20 : 47 And say to the forest of the south , Hear the word of the LORD ; Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Behold , I will kindle a fire in thee , and it shall devour every green tree in thee , and every dry tree : the flaming flame shall not be quenched , and all faces from the south to the north shall be burned therein .
20 : 48 And all flesh shall see that I the LORD have kindled it : it shall not be quenched .
21 : 4 Seeing then that I will cut off from thee the righteous and the wicked , therefore shall my sword go forth out of his sheath against all flesh from the south to the north : 21 : 5 That all flesh may know that I the LORD have drawn forth my sword out of his sheath : it shall not return any more .
21 : 7 And it shall be , when they say unto thee , Wherefore sighest thou ?
that thou shalt answer , For the tidings ; because it cometh : and every heart shall melt , and all hands shall be feeble , and every spirit shall faint , and all knees shall be weak as water : behold , it cometh , and shall be brought to pass , saith the Lord GOD .
21 : 12 Cry and howl , son of man : for it shall be upon my people , it shall be upon all the princes of Israel : terrors by reason of the sword shall be upon my people : smite therefore upon thy thigh .
it shall be no more , saith the Lord GOD .
21 : 18 The word of the LORD came unto me again , saying , 21 : 19 Also , thou son of man , appoint thee two ways , that the sword of the king of Babylon may come : both twain shall come forth out of one land : and choose thou a place , choose it at the head of the way to the city .
21 : 23 And it shall be unto them as a false divination in their sight , to them that have sworn oaths : but he will call to remembrance the iniquity , that they may be taken .
21 : 24 Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD ; Because ye have made your iniquity to be remembered , in that your transgressions are discovered , so that in all your doings your sins do appear ; because , I say , that ye are come to remembrance , ye shall be taken with the hand .
21 : 25 And thou , profane wicked prince of Israel , whose day is come , when iniquity shall have an end , 21 : 26 Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Remove the diadem , and take off the crown : this shall not be the same : exalt him that is low , and abase him that is high .
21 : 27 I will overturn , overturn , overturn , it : and it shall be no more , until he come whose right it is ; and I will give it him .
21 : 28 And thou , son of man , prophesy and say , Thus saith the Lord GOD concerning the Ammonites , and concerning their reproach ; even say thou , The sword , the sword is drawn : for the slaughter it is furbished , to consume because of the glittering : 21 : 29 Whiles they see vanity unto thee , whiles they divine a lie unto thee , to bring thee upon the necks of them that are slain , of the wicked , whose day is come , when their iniquity shall have an end .
21 : 30 Shall I cause it to return into his sheath ?
21 : 32 Thou shalt be for fuel to the fire ; thy blood shall be in the midst of the land ; thou shalt be no more remembered : for I the LORD have spoken it .
22 : 5 Those that be near , and those that be far from thee , shall mock thee , which art infamous and much vexed .
22 : 14 Can thine heart endure , or can thine hands be strong , in the days that I shall deal with thee ?
22 : 21 Yea , I will gather you , and blow upon you in the fire of my wrath , and ye shall be melted in the midst therof .
22 : 22 As silver is melted in the midst of the furnace , so shall ye be melted in the midst thereof ; and ye shall know that I the LORD have poured out my fury upon you .
23 : 24 And they shall come against thee with chariots , wagons , and wheels , and with an assembly of people , which shall set against thee buckler and shield and helmet round about : and I will set judgment before them , and they shall judge thee according to their judgments .
23 : 25 And I will set my jealousy against thee , and they shall deal furiously with thee : they shall take away thy nose and thine ears ; and thy remnant shall fall by the sword : they shall take thy sons and thy daughters ; and thy residue shall be devoured by the fire .
23 : 26 They shall also strip thee out of thy clothes , and take away thy fair jewels .
23 : 28 For thus saith the Lord GOD ; Behold , I will deliver thee into the hand of them whom thou hatest , into the hand of them from whom thy mind is alienated : 23 : 29 And they shall deal with thee hatefully , and shall take away all thy labour , and shall leave thee naked and bare : and the nakedness of thy whoredoms shall be discovered , both thy lewdness and thy whoredoms .
23 : 45 And the righteous men , they shall judge them after the manner of adulteresses , and after the manner of women that shed blood ; because they are adulteresses , and blood is in their hands .
23 : 47 And the company shall stone them with stones , and dispatch them with their swords ; they shall slay their sons and their daughters , and burn up their houses with fire .
23 : 49 And they shall recompense your lewdness upon you , and ye shall bear the sins of your idols : and ye shall know that I am the Lord GOD .
24 : 12 She hath wearied herself with lies , and her great scum went not forth out of her : her scum shall be in the fire .
24 : 14 I the LORD have spoken it : it shall come to pass , and I will do it ; I will not go back , neither will I spare , neither will I repent ; according to thy ways , and according to thy doings , shall they judge thee , saith the Lord GOD .
24 : 15 Also the word of the LORD came unto me , saying , 24 : 16 Son of man , behold , I take away from thee the desire of thine eyes with a stroke : yet neither shalt thou mourn nor weep , neither shall thy tears run down .
24 : 20 Then I answered them , The word of the LORD came unto me , saying , 24 : 21 Speak unto the house of Israel , Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Behold , I will profane my sanctuary , the excellency of your strength , the desire of your eyes , and that which your soul pitieth ; and your sons and your daughters whom ye have left shall fall by the sword .
24 : 22 And ye shall do as I have done : ye shall not cover your lips , nor eat the bread of men .
24 : 23 And your tires shall be upon your heads , and your shoes upon your feet : ye shall not mourn nor weep ; but ye shall pine away for your iniquities , and mourn one toward another .
24 : 24 Thus Ezekiel is unto you a sign : according to all that he hath done shall ye do : and when this cometh , ye shall know that I am the Lord GOD .
24 : 25 Also , thou son of man , shall it not be in the day when I take from them their strength , the joy of their glory , the desire of their eyes , and that whereupon they set their minds , their sons and their daughters , 24 : 26 That he that escapeth in that day shall come unto thee , to cause thee to hear it with thine ears ?
24 : 27 In that day shall thy mouth be opened to him which is escaped , and thou shalt speak , and be no more dumb : and thou shalt be a sign unto them ; and they shall know that I am the LORD .
25 : 1 The word of the LORD came again unto me , saying , 25 : 2 Son of man , set thy face against the Ammonites , and prophesy against them ; 25 : 3 And say unto the Ammonites , Hear the word of the Lord GOD ; Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Because thou saidst , Aha , against my sanctuary , when it was profaned ; and against the land of Israel , when it was desolate ; and against the house of Judah , when they went into captivity ; 25 : 4 Behold , therefore I will deliver thee to the men of the east for a possession , and they shall set their palaces in thee , and make their dwellings in thee : they shall eat thy fruit , and they shall drink thy milk .
25 : 5 And I will make Rabbah a stable for camels , and the Ammonites a couching place for flocks : and ye shall know that I am the LORD .
25 : 11 And I will execute judgments upon Moab ; and they shall know that I am the LORD .
25 : 12 Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Because that Edom hath dealt against the house of Judah by taking vengeance , and hath greatly offended , and revenged himself upon them ; 25 : 13 Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD ; I will also stretch out mine hand upon Edom , and will cut off man and beast from it ; and I will make it desolate from Teman ; and they of Dedan shall fall by the sword .
25 : 14 And I will lay my vengeance upon Edom by the hand of my people Israel : and they shall do in Edom according to mine anger and according to my fury ; and they shall know my vengeance , saith the Lord GOD .
25 : 17 And I will execute great vengeance upon them with furious rebukes ; and they shall know that I am the LORD , when I shall lay my vengeance upon them .
26 : 1 And it came to pass in the eleventh year , in the first day of the month , that the word of the LORD came unto me , saying , 26 : 2 Son of man , because that Tyrus hath said against Jerusalem , Aha , she is broken that was the gates of the people : she is turned unto me : I shall be replenished , now she is laid waste : 26 : 3 Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD ; Behold , I am against thee , O Tyrus , and will cause many nations to come up against thee , as the sea causeth his waves to come up .
26 : 4 And they shall destroy the walls of Tyrus , and break down her towers : I will also scrape her dust from her , and make her like the top of a rock .
26 : 5 It shall be a place for the spreading of nets in the midst of the sea : for I have spoken it , saith the Lord GOD : and it shall become a spoil to the nations .
26 : 6 And her daughters which are in the field shall be slain by the sword ; and they shall know that I am the LORD .
26 : 8 He shall slay with the sword thy daughters in the field : and he shall make a fort against thee , and cast a mount against thee , and lift up the buckler against thee .
26 : 9 And he shall set engines of war against thy walls , and with his axes he shall break down thy towers .
26 : 10 By reason of the abundance of his horses their dust shall cover thee : thy walls shall shake at the noise of the horsemen , and of the wheels , and of the chariots , when he shall enter into thy gates , as men enter into a city wherein is made a breach .
26 : 11 With the hoofs of his horses shall he tread down all thy streets : he shall slay thy people by the sword , and thy strong garrisons shall go down to the ground .
26 : 12 And they shall make a spoil of thy riches , and make a prey of thy merchandise : and they shall break down thy walls , and destroy thy pleasant houses : and they shall lay thy stones and thy timber and thy dust in the midst of the water .
26 : 13 And I will cause the noise of thy songs to cease ; and the sound of thy harps shall be no more heard .
26 : 15 Thus saith the Lord GOD to Tyrus ; Shall not the isles shake at the sound of thy fall , when the wounded cry , when the slaughter is made in the midst of thee ?
26 : 16 Then all the princes of the sea shall come down from their thrones , and lay away their robes , and put off their broidered garments : they shall clothe themselves with trembling ; they shall sit upon the ground , and shall tremble at every moment , and be astonished at thee .
26 : 17 And they shall take up a lamentation for thee , and say to thee , How art thou destroyed , that wast inhabited of seafaring men , the renowned city , which wast strong in the sea , she and her inhabitants , which cause their terror to be on all that haunt it !
26 : 18 Now shall the isles tremble in the day of thy fall ; yea , the isles that are in the sea shall be troubled at thy departure .
26 : 19 For thus saith the Lord GOD ; When I shall make thee a desolate city , like the cities that are not inhabited ; when I shall bring up the deep upon thee , and great waters shall cover thee ; 26 : 20 When I shall bring thee down with them that descend into the pit , with the people of old time , and shall set thee in the low parts of the earth , in places desolate of old , with them that go down to the pit , that thou be not inhabited ; and I shall set glory in the land of the living ; 26 : 21 I will make thee a terror , and thou shalt be no more : though thou be sought for , yet shalt thou never be found again , saith the Lord GOD .
27 : 27 Thy riches , and thy fairs , thy merchandise , thy mariners , and thy pilots , thy calkers , and the occupiers of thy merchandise , and all thy men of war , that are in thee , and in all thy company which is in the midst of thee , shall fall into the midst of the seas in the day of thy ruin .
27 : 28 The suburbs shall shake at the sound of the cry of thy pilots .
27 : 29 And all that handle the oar , the mariners , and all the pilots of the sea , shall come down from their ships , they shall stand upon the land ; 27 : 30 And shall cause their voice to be heard against thee , and shall cry bitterly , and shall cast up dust upon their heads , they shall wallow themselves in the ashes : 27 : 31 And they shall make themselves utterly bald for thee , and gird them with sackcloth , and they shall weep for thee with bitterness of heart and bitter wailing .
27 : 32 And in their wailing they shall take up a lamentation for thee , and lament over thee , saying , What city is like Tyrus , like the destroyed in the midst of the sea ?
27 : 34 In the time when thou shalt be broken by the seas in the depths of the waters thy merchandise and all thy company in the midst of thee shall fall .
27 : 35 All the inhabitants of the isles shall be astonished at thee , and their kings shall be sore afraid , they shall be troubled in their countenance .
27 : 36 The merchants among the people shall hiss at thee ; thou shalt be a terror , and never shalt be any more .
28 : 1 The word of the LORD came again unto me , saying , 28 : 2 Son of man , say unto the prince of Tyrus , Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Because thine heart is lifted up , and thou hast said , I am a God , I sit in the seat of God , in the midst of the seas ; yet thou art a man , and not God , though thou set thine heart as the heart of God : 28 : 3 Behold , thou art wiser than Daniel ; there is no secret that they can hide from thee : 28 : 4 With thy wisdom and with thine understanding thou hast gotten thee riches , and hast gotten gold and silver into thy treasures : 28 : 5 By thy great wisdom and by thy traffick hast thou increased thy riches , and thine heart is lifted up because of thy riches : 28 : 6 Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD ; Because thou hast set thine heart as the heart of God ; 28 : 7 Behold , therefore I will bring strangers upon thee , the terrible of the nations : and they shall draw their swords against the beauty of thy wisdom , and they shall defile thy brightness .
28 : 8 They shall bring thee down to the pit , and thou shalt die the deaths of them that are slain in the midst of the seas .
28 : 18 Thou hast defiled thy sanctuaries by the multitude of thine iniquities , by the iniquity of thy traffick ; therefore will I bring forth a fire from the midst of thee , it shall devour thee , and I will bring thee to ashes upon the earth in the sight of all them that behold thee .
28 : 19 All they that know thee among the people shall be astonished at thee : thou shalt be a terror , and never shalt thou be any more .
28 : 20 Again the word of the LORD came unto me , saying , 28 : 21 Son of man , set thy face against Zidon , and prophesy against it , 28 : 22 And say , Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Behold , I am against thee , O Zidon ; and I will be glorified in the midst of thee : and they shall know that I am the LORD , when I shall have executed judgments in her , and shall be sanctified in her .
28 : 23 For I will send into her pestilence , and blood into her streets ; and the wounded shall be judged in the midst of her by the sword upon her on every side ; and they shall know that I am the LORD .
28 : 24 And there shall be no more a pricking brier unto the house of Israel , nor any grieving thorn of all that are round about them , that despised them ; and they shall know that I am the Lord GOD .
28 : 25 Thus saith the Lord GOD ; When I shall have gathered the house of Israel from the people among whom they are scattered , and shall be sanctified in them in the sight of the heathen , then shall they dwell in their land that I have given to my servant Jacob .
28 : 26 And they shall dwell safely therein , and shall build houses , and plant vineyards ; yea , they shall dwell with confidence , when I have executed judgments upon all those that despise them round about them ; and they shall know that I am the LORD their God .
29 : 4 But I will put hooks in thy jaws , and I will cause the fish of thy rivers to stick unto thy scales , and I will bring thee up out of the midst of thy rivers , and all the fish of thy rivers shall stick unto thy scales .
29 : 6 And all the inhabitants of Egypt shall know that I am the LORD , because they have been a staff of reed to the house of Israel .
29 : 9 And the land of Egypt shall be desolate and waste ; and they shall know that I am the LORD : because he hath said , The river is mine , and I have made it .
29 : 11 No foot of man shall pass through it , nor foot of beast shall pass through it , neither shall it be inhabited forty years .
29 : 12 And I will make the land of Egypt desolate in the midst of the countries that are desolate , and her cities among the cities that are laid waste shall be desolate forty years : and I will scatter the Egyptians among the nations , and will disperse them through the countries .
29 : 13 Yet thus saith the Lord GOD ; At the end of forty years will I gather the Egyptians from the people whither they were scattered : 29 : 14 And I will bring again the captivity of Egypt , and will cause them to return into the land of Pathros , into the land of their habitation ; and they shall be there a base kingdom .
29 : 15 It shall be the basest of the kingdoms ; neither shall it exalt itself any more above the nations : for I will diminish them , that they shall no more rule over the nations .
29 : 16 And it shall be no more the confidence of the house of Israel , which bringeth their iniquity to remembrance , when they shall look after them : but they shall know that I am the Lord GOD .
29 : 17 And it came to pass in the seven and twentieth year , in the first month , in the first day of the month , the word of the LORD came unto me , saying , 29 : 18 Son of man , Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon caused his army to serve a great service against Tyrus : every head was made bald , and every shoulder was peeled : yet had he no wages , nor his army , for Tyrus , for the service that he had served against it : 29 : 19 Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD ; Behold , I will give the land of Egypt unto Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon ; and he shall take her multitude , and take her spoil , and take her prey ; and it shall be the wages for his army .
29 : 21 In that day will I cause the horn of the house of Israel to bud forth , and I will give thee the opening of the mouth in the midst of them ; and they shall know that I am the LORD .
30 : 3 For the day is near , even the day of the LORD is near , a cloudy day ; it shall be the time of the heathen .
30 : 4 And the sword shall come upon Egypt , and great pain shall be in Ethiopia , when the slain shall fall in Egypt , and they shall take away her multitude , and her foundations shall be broken down .
30 : 5 Ethiopia , and Libya , and Lydia , and all the mingled people , and Chub , and the men of the land that is in league , shall fall with them by the sword .
30 : 6 Thus saith the LORD ; They also that uphold Egypt shall fall ; and the pride of her power shall come down : from the tower of Syene shall they fall in it by the sword , saith the Lord GOD .
30 : 7 And they shall be desolate in the midst of the countries that are desolate , and her cities shall be in the midst of the cities that are wasted .
30 : 8 And they shall know that I am the LORD , when I have set a fire in Egypt , and when all her helpers shall be destroyed .
30 : 9 In that day shall messengers go forth from me in ships to make the careless Ethiopians afraid , and great pain shall come upon them , as in the day of Egypt : for , lo , it cometh .
30 : 11 He and his people with him , the terrible of the nations , shall be brought to destroy the land : and they shall draw their swords against Egypt , and fill the land with the slain .
30 : 13 Thus saith the Lord GOD ; I will also destroy the idols , and I will cause their images to cease out of Noph ; and there shall be no more a prince of the land of Egypt : and I will put a fear in the land of Egypt .
30 : 16 And I will set fire in Egypt : Sin shall have great pain , and No shall be rent asunder , and Noph shall have distresses daily .
30 : 17 The young men of Aven and of Pibeseth shall fall by the sword : and these cities shall go into captivity .
30 : 18 At Tehaphnehes also the day shall be darkened , when I shall break there the yokes of Egypt : and the pomp of her strength shall cease in her : as for her , a cloud shall cover her , and her daughters shall go into captivity .
30 : 19 Thus will I execute judgments in Egypt : and they shall know that I am the LORD .
30 : 20 And it came to pass in the eleventh year , in the first month , in the seventh day of the month , that the word of the LORD came unto me , saying , 30 : 21 Son of man , I have broken the arm of Pharaoh king of Egypt ; and , lo , it shall not be bound up to be healed , to put a roller to bind it , to make it strong to hold the sword .
30 : 24 And I will strengthen the arms of the king of Babylon , and put my sword in his hand : but I will break Pharaoh ' s arms , and he shall groan before him with the groanings of a deadly wounded man .
30 : 25 But I will strengthen the arms of the king of Babylon , and the arms of Pharaoh shall fall down ; and they shall know that I am the LORD , when I shall put my sword into the hand of the king of Babylon , and he shall stretch it out upon the land of Egypt .
30 : 26 And I will scatter the Egyptians among the nations , and disperse them among the countries ; and they shall know that I am the LORD .
31 : 10 Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD ; Because thou hast lifted up thyself in height , and he hath shot up his top among the thick boughs , and his heart is lifted up in his height ; 31 : 11 I have therefore delivered him into the hand of the mighty one of the heathen ; he shall surely deal with him : I have driven him out for his wickedness .
31 : 13 Upon his ruin shall all the fowls of the heaven remain , and all the beasts of the field shall be upon his branches : 31 : 14 To the end that none of all the trees by the waters exalt themselves for their height , neither shoot up their top among the thick boughs , neither their trees stand up in their height , all that drink water : for they are all delivered unto death , to the nether parts of the earth , in the midst of the children of men , with them that go down to the pit .
31 : 16 I made the nations to shake at the sound of his fall , when I cast him down to hell with them that descend into the pit : and all the trees of Eden , the choice and best of Lebanon , all that drink water , shall be comforted in the nether parts of the earth .
32 : 3 Thus saith the Lord GOD ; I will therefore spread out my net over thee with a company of many people ; and they shall bring thee up in my net .
32 : 6 I will also water with thy blood the land wherein thou swimmest , even to the mountains ; and the rivers shall be full of thee .
32 : 7 And when I shall put thee out , I will cover the heaven , and make the stars thereof dark ; I will cover the sun with a cloud , and the moon shall not give her light .
32 : 9 I will also vex the hearts of many people , when I shall bring thy destruction among the nations , into the countries which thou hast not known .
32 : 10 Yea , I will make many people amazed at thee , and their kings shall be horribly afraid for thee , when I shall brandish my sword before them ; and they shall tremble at every moment , every man for his own life , in the day of thy fall .
32 : 11 For thus saith the Lord GOD ; The sword of the king of Babylon shall come upon thee .
32 : 12 By the swords of the mighty will I cause thy multitude to fall , the terrible of the nations , all of them : and they shall spoil the pomp of Egypt , and all the multitude thereof shall be destroyed .
32 : 13 I will destroy also all the beasts thereof from beside the great waters ; neither shall the foot of man trouble them any more , nor the hoofs of beasts trouble them .
32 : 15 When I shall make the land of Egypt desolate , and the country shall be destitute of that whereof it was full , when I shall smite all them that dwell therein , then shall they know that I am the LORD .
32 : 16 This is the lamentation wherewith they shall lament her : the daughters of the nations shall lament her : they shall lament for her , even for Egypt , and for all her multitude , saith the Lord GOD .
32 : 20 They shall fall in the midst of them that are slain by the sword : she is delivered to the sword : draw her and all her multitudes .
32 : 21 The strong among the mighty shall speak to him out of the midst of hell with them that help him : they are gone down , they lie uncircumcised , slain by the sword .
32 : 27 And they shall not lie with the mighty that are fallen of the uncircumcised , which are gone down to hell with their weapons of war : and they have laid their swords under their heads , but their iniquities shall be upon their bones , though they were the terror of the mighty in the land of the living .
32 : 29 There is Edom , her kings , and all her princes , which with their might are laid by them that were slain by the sword : they shall lie with the uncircumcised , and with them that go down to the pit .
32 : 31 Pharaoh shall see them , and shall be comforted over all his multitude , even Pharaoh and all his army slain by the sword , saith the Lord GOD .
32 : 32 For I have caused my terror in the land of the living : and he shall be laid in the midst of the uncircumcised with them that are slain with the sword , even Pharaoh and all his multitude , saith the Lord GOD .
33 : 1 Again the word of the LORD came unto me , saying , 33 : 2 Son of man , speak to the children of thy people , and say unto them , When I bring the sword upon a land , if the people of the land take a man of their coasts , and set him for their watchman : 33 : 3 If when he seeth the sword come upon the land , he blow the trumpet , and warn the people ; 33 : 4 Then whosoever heareth the sound of the trumpet , and taketh not warning ; if the sword come , and take him away , his blood shall be upon his own head .
33 : 5 He heard the sound of the trumpet , and took not warning ; his blood shall be upon him .
But he that taketh warning shall deliver his soul .
33 : 8 When I say unto the wicked , O wicked man , thou shalt surely die ; if thou dost not speak to warn the wicked from his way , that wicked man shall die in his iniquity ; but his blood will I require at thine hand .
33 : 9 Nevertheless , if thou warn the wicked of his way to turn from it ; if he do not turn from his way , he shall die in his iniquity ; but thou hast delivered thy soul .
33 : 12 Therefore , thou son of man , say unto the children of thy people , The righteousness of the righteous shall not deliver him in the day of his transgression : as for the wickedness of the wicked , he shall not fall thereby in the day that he turneth from his wickedness ; neither shall the righteous be able to live for his righteousness in the day that he sinneth .
33 : 13 When I shall say to the righteous , that he shall surely live ; if he trust to his own righteousness , and commit iniquity , all his righteousnesses shall not be remembered ; but for his iniquity that he hath committed , he shall die for it .
33 : 14 Again , when I say unto the wicked , Thou shalt surely die ; if he turn from his sin , and do that which is lawful and right ; 33 : 15 If the wicked restore the pledge , give again that he had robbed , walk in the statutes of life , without committing iniquity ; he shall surely live , he shall not die .
33 : 16 None of his sins that he hath committed shall be mentioned unto him : he hath done that which is lawful and right ; he shall surely live .
33 : 18 When the righteous turneth from his righteousness , and committeth iniquity , he shall even die thereby .
33 : 19 But if the wicked turn from his wickedness , and do that which is lawful and right , he shall live thereby .
33 : 25 Wherefore say unto them , Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Ye eat with the blood , and lift up your eyes toward your idols , and shed blood : and shall ye possess the land ?
33 : 26 Ye stand upon your sword , ye work abomination , and ye defile every one his neighbour ' s wife : and shall ye possess the land ?
33 : 27 Say thou thus unto them , Thus saith the Lord GOD ; As I live , surely they that are in the wastes shall fall by the sword , and him that is in the open field will I give to the beasts to be devoured , and they that be in the forts and in the caves shall die of the pestilence .
33 : 28 For I will lay the land most desolate , and the pomp of her strength shall cease ; and the mountains of Israel shall be desolate , that none shall pass through .
33 : 29 Then shall they know that I am the LORD , when I have laid the land most desolate because of all their abominations which they have committed .
33 : 33 And when this cometh to pass , ( lo , it will come ,) then shall they know that a prophet hath been among them .
34 : 7 Therefore , ye shepherds , hear the word of the LORD ; 34 : 8 As I live , saith the Lord GOD , surely because my flock became a prey , and my flock became meat to every beast of the field , because there was no shepherd , neither did my shepherds search for my flock , but the shepherds fed themselves , and fed not my flock ; 34 : 9 Therefore , O ye shepherds , hear the word of the LORD ; 34 : 10 Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Behold , I am against the shepherds ; and I will require my flock at their hand , and cause them to cease from feeding the flock ; neither shall the shepherds feed themselves any more ; for I will deliver my flock from their mouth , that they may not be meat for them .
34 : 14 I will feed them in a good pasture , and upon the high mountains of Israel shall their fold be : there shall they lie in a good fold , and in a fat pasture shall they feed upon the mountains of Israel .
34 : 21 Because ye have thrust with side and with shoulder , and pushed all the diseased with your horns , till ye have scattered them abroad ; 34 : 22 Therefore will I save my flock , and they shall no more be a prey ; and I will judge between cattle and cattle .
34 : 23 And I will set up one shepherd over them , and he shall feed them , even my servant David ; he shall feed them , and he shall be their shepherd .
34 : 25 And I will make with them a covenant of peace , and will cause the evil beasts to cease out of the land : and they shall dwell safely in the wilderness , and sleep in the woods .
34 : 26 And I will make them and the places round about my hill a blessing ; and I will cause the shower to come down in his season ; there shall be showers of blessing .
34 : 27 And the tree of the field shall yield her fruit , and the earth shall yield her increase , and they shall be safe in their land , and shall know that I am the LORD , when I have broken the bands of their yoke , and delivered them out of the hand of those that served themselves of them .
34 : 28 And they shall no more be a prey to the heathen , neither shall the beast of the land devour them ; but they shall dwell safely , and none shall make them afraid .
34 : 29 And I will raise up for them a plant of renown , and they shall be no more consumed with hunger in the land , neither bear the shame of the heathen any more .
34 : 30 Thus shall they know that I the LORD their God am with them , and that they , even the house of Israel , are my people , saith the Lord GOD .
35 : 5 Because thou hast had a perpetual hatred , and hast shed the blood of the children of Israel by the force of the sword in the time of their calamity , in the time that their iniquity had an end : 35 : 6 Therefore , as I live , saith the Lord GOD , I will prepare thee unto blood , and blood shall pursue thee : sith thou hast not hated blood , even blood shall pursue thee .
35 : 8 And I will fill his mountains with his slain men : in thy hills , and in thy valleys , and in all thy rivers , shall they fall that are slain with the sword .
35 : 9 I will make thee perpetual desolations , and thy cities shall not return : and ye shall know that I am the LORD .
35 : 10 Because thou hast said , These two nations and these two countries shall be mine , and we will possess it ; whereas the LORD was there : 35 : 11 Therefore , as I live , saith the Lord GOD , I will even do according to thine anger , and according to thine envy which thou hast used out of thy hatred against them ; and I will make myself known among them , when I have judged thee .
35 : 15 As thou didst rejoice at the inheritance of the house of Israel , because it was desolate , so will I do unto thee : thou shalt be desolate , O mount Seir , and all Idumea , even all of it : and they shall know that I am the LORD .
36 : 6 Prophesy therefore concerning the land of Israel , and say unto the mountains , and to the hills , to the rivers , and to the valleys , Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Behold , I have spoken in my jealousy and in my fury , because ye have borne the shame of the heathen : 36 : 7 Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD ; I have lifted up mine hand , Surely the heathen that are about you , they shall bear their shame .
36 : 8 But ye , O mountains of Israel , ye shall shoot forth your branches , and yield your fruit to my people of Israel ; for they are at hand to come .
36 : 9 For , behold , I am for you , and I will turn unto you , and ye shall be tilled and sown : 36 : 10 And I will multiply men upon you , all the house of Israel , even all of it : and the cities shall be inhabited , and the wastes shall be builded : 36 : 11 And I will multiply upon you man and beast ; and they shall increase and bring fruit : and I will settle you after your old estates , and will do better unto you than at your beginnings : and ye shall know that I am the LORD .
36 : 12 Yea , I will cause men to walk upon you , even my people Israel ; and they shall possess thee , and thou shalt be their inheritance , and thou shalt no more henceforth bereave them of men .
36 : 23 And I will sanctify my great name , which was profaned among the heathen , which ye have profaned in the midst of them ; and the heathen shall know that I am the LORD , saith the Lord GOD , when I shall be sanctified in you before their eyes .
36 : 25 Then will I sprinkle clean water upon you , and ye shall be clean : from all your filthiness , and from all your idols , will I cleanse you .
36 : 27 And I will put my spirit within you , and cause you to walk in my statutes , and ye shall keep my judgments , and do them .
36 : 28 And ye shall dwell in the land that I gave to your fathers ; and ye shall be my people , and I will be your God .
36 : 30 And I will multiply the fruit of the tree , and the increase of the field , that ye shall receive no more reproach of famine among the heathen .
36 : 31 Then shall ye remember your own evil ways , and your doings that were not good , and shall lothe yourselves in your own sight for your iniquities and for your abominations .
36 : 33 Thus saith the Lord GOD ; In the day that I shall have cleansed you from all your iniquities I will also cause you to dwell in the cities , and the wastes shall be builded .
36 : 34 And the desolate land shall be tilled , whereas it lay desolate in the sight of all that passed by .
36 : 35 And they shall say , This land that was desolate is become like the garden of Eden ; and the waste and desolate and ruined cities are become fenced , and are inhabited .
36 : 36 Then the heathen that are left round about you shall know that I the LORD build the ruined places , and plant that that was desolate : I the LORD have spoken it , and I will do it .
36 : 38 As the holy flock , as the flock of Jerusalem in her solemn feasts ; so shall the waste cities be filled with flocks of men : and they shall know that I am the LORD .
37 : 5 Thus saith the Lord GOD unto these bones ; Behold , I will cause breath to enter into you , and ye shall live : 37 : 6 And I will lay sinews upon you , and will bring up flesh upon you , and cover you with skin , and put breath in you , and ye shall live ; and ye shall know that I am the LORD .
37 : 13 And ye shall know that I am the LORD , when I have opened your graves , O my people , and brought you up out of your graves , 37 : 14 And shall put my spirit in you , and ye shall live , and I shall place you in your own land : then shall ye know that I the LORD have spoken it , and performed it , saith the LORD .
37 : 15 The word of the LORD came again unto me , saying , 37 : 16 Moreover , thou son of man , take thee one stick , and write upon it , For Judah , and for the children of Israel his companions : then take another stick , and write upon it , For Joseph , the stick of Ephraim and for all the house of Israel his companions : 37 : 17 And join them one to another into one stick ; and they shall become one in thine hand .
37 : 18 And when the children of thy people shall speak unto thee , saying , Wilt thou not shew us what thou meanest by these ?
37 : 19 Say unto them , Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Behold , I will take the stick of Joseph , which is in the hand of Ephraim , and the tribes of Israel his fellows , and will put them with him , even with the stick of Judah , and make them one stick , and they shall be one in mine hand .
37 : 20 And the sticks whereon thou writest shall be in thine hand before their eyes .
37 : 21 And say unto them , Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Behold , I will take the children of Israel from among the heathen , whither they be gone , and will gather them on every side , and bring them into their own land : 37 : 22 And I will make them one nation in the land upon the mountains of Israel ; and one king shall be king to them all : and they shall be no more two nations , neither shall they be divided into two kingdoms any more at all .
37 : 23 Neither shall they defile themselves any more with their idols , nor with their detestable things , nor with any of their transgressions : but I will save them out of all their dwellingplaces , wherein they have sinned , and will cleanse them : so shall they be my people , and I will be their God .
37 : 24 And David my servant shall be king over them ; and they all shall have one shepherd : they shall also walk in my judgments , and observe my statutes , and do them .
37 : 25 And they shall dwell in the land that I have given unto Jacob my servant , wherein your fathers have dwelt ; and they shall dwell therein , even they , and their children , and their children ' s children for ever : and my servant David shall be their prince for ever .
37 : 26 Moreover I will make a covenant of peace with them ; it shall be an everlasting covenant with them : and I will place them , and multiply them , and will set my sanctuary in the midst of them for evermore .
37 : 27 My tabernacle also shall be with them : yea , I will be their God , and they shall be my people .
37 : 28 And the heathen shall know that I the LORD do sanctify Israel , when my sanctuary shall be in the midst of them for evermore .
38 : 8 After many days thou shalt be visited : in the latter years thou shalt come into the land that is brought back from the sword , and is gathered out of many people , against the mountains of Israel , which have been always waste : but it is brought forth out of the nations , and they shall dwell safely all of them .
38 : 10 Thus saith the Lord GOD ; It shall also come to pass , that at the same time shall things come into thy mind , and thou shalt think an evil thought : 38 : 11 And thou shalt say , I will go up to the land of unwalled villages ; I will go to them that are at rest , that dwell safely , all of them dwelling without walls , and having neither bars nor gates , 38 : 12 To take a spoil , and to take a prey ; to turn thine hand upon the desolate places that are now inhabited , and upon the people that are gathered out of the nations , which have gotten cattle and goods , that dwell in the midst of the land .
38 : 13 Sheba , and Dedan , and the merchants of Tarshish , with all the young lions thereof , shall say unto thee , Art thou come to take a spoil ?
38 : 15 And thou shalt come from thy place out of the north parts , thou , and many people with thee , all of them riding upon horses , a great company , and a mighty army : 38 : 16 And thou shalt come up against my people of Israel , as a cloud to cover the land ; it shall be in the latter days , and I will bring thee against my land , that the heathen may know me , when I shall be sanctified in thee , O Gog , before their eyes .
38 : 18 And it shall come to pass at the same time when Gog shall come against the land of Israel , saith the Lord GOD , that my fury shall come up in my face .
38 : 19 For in my jealousy and in the fire of my wrath have I spoken , Surely in that day there shall be a great shaking in the land of Israel ; 38 : 20 So that the fishes of the sea , and the fowls of the heaven , and the beasts of the field , and all creeping things that creep upon the earth , and all the men that are upon the face of the earth , shall shake at my presence , and the mountains shall be thrown down , and the steep places shall fall , and every wall shall fall to the ground .
38 : 21 And I will call for a sword against him throughout all my mountains , saith the Lord GOD : every man ' s sword shall be against his brother .
38 : 23 Thus will I magnify myself , and sanctify myself ; and I will be known in the eyes of many nations , and they shall know that I am the LORD .
39 : 6 And I will send a fire on Magog , and among them that dwell carelessly in the isles : and they shall know that I am the LORD .
39 : 7 So will I make my holy name known in the midst of my people Israel ; and I will not let them pollute my holy name any more : and the heathen shall know that I am the LORD , the Holy One in Israel .
39 : 9 And they that dwell in the cities of Israel shall go forth , and shall set on fire and burn the weapons , both the shields and the bucklers , the bows and the arrows , and the handstaves , and the spears , and they shall burn them with fire seven years : 39 : 10 So that they shall take no wood out of the field , neither cut down any out of the forests ; for they shall burn the weapons with fire : and they shall spoil those that spoiled them , and rob those that robbed them , saith the Lord GOD .
39 : 11 And it shall come to pass in that day , that I will give unto Gog a place there of graves in Israel , the valley of the passengers on the east of the sea : and it shall stop the noses of the passengers : and there shall they bury Gog and all his multitude : and they shall call it The valley of Hamongog .
39 : 12 And seven months shall the house of Israel be burying of them , that they may cleanse the land .
39 : 13 Yea , all the people of the land shall bury them ; and it shall be to them a renown the day that I shall be glorified , saith the Lord GOD .
39 : 14 And they shall sever out men of continual employment , passing through the land to bury with the passengers those that remain upon the face of the earth , to cleanse it : after the end of seven months shall they search .
39 : 15 And the passengers that pass through the land , when any seeth a man ' s bone , then shall he set up a sign by it , till the buriers have buried it in the valley of Hamongog .
39 : 16 And also the name of the city shall be Hamonah .
Thus shall they cleanse the land .
39 : 18 Ye shall eat the flesh of the mighty , and drink the blood of the princes of the earth , of rams , of lambs , and of goats , of bullocks , all of them fatlings of Bashan .
39 : 19 And ye shall eat fat till ye be full , and drink blood till ye be drunken , of my sacrifice which I have sacrificed for you .
39 : 20 Thus ye shall be filled at my table with horses and chariots , with mighty men , and with all men of war , saith the Lord GOD .
39 : 21 And I will set my glory among the heathen , and all the heathen shall see my judgment that I have executed , and my hand that I have laid upon them .
39 : 22 So the house of Israel shall know that I am the LORD their God from that day and forward .
39 : 23 And the heathen shall know that the house of Israel went into captivity for their iniquity : because they trespassed against me , therefore hid I my face from them , and gave them into the hand of their enemies : so fell they all by the sword .
39 : 27 When I have brought them again from the people , and gathered them out of their enemies ' lands , and am sanctified in them in the sight of many nations ; 39 : 28 Then shall they know that I am the LORD their God , which caused them to be led into captivity among the heathen : but I have gathered them unto their own land , and have left none of them any more there .
40 : 4 And the man said unto me , Son of man , behold with thine eyes , and hear with thine ears , and set thine heart upon all that I shall shew thee ; for to the intent that I might shew them unto thee art thou brought hither : declare all that thou seest to the house of Israel .
42 : 13 Then said he unto me , The north chambers and the south chambers , which are before the separate place , they be holy chambers , where the priests that approach unto the LORD shall eat the most holy things : there shall they lay the most holy things , and the meat offering , and the sin offering , and the trespass offering ; for the place is holy .
42 : 14 When the priests enter therein , then shall they not go out of the holy place into the utter court , but there they shall lay their garments wherein they minister ; for they are holy ; and shall put on other garments , and shall approach to those things which are for the people .
43 : 7 And he said unto me , Son of man , the place of my throne , and the place of the soles of my feet , where I will dwell in the midst of the children of Israel for ever , and my holy name , shall the house of Israel no more defile , neither they , nor their kings , by their whoredom , nor by the carcases of their kings in their high places .
43 : 12 This is the law of the house ; Upon the top of the mountain the whole limit thereof round about shall be most holy .
43 : 13 And these are the measures of the altar after the cubits : The cubit is a cubit and an hand breadth ; even the bottom shall be a cubit , and the breadth a cubit , and the border thereof by the edge thereof round about shall be a span : and this shall be the higher place of the altar .
43 : 14 And from the bottom upon the ground even to the lower settle shall be two cubits , and the breadth one cubit ; and from the lesser settle even to the greater settle shall be four cubits , and the breadth one cubit .
43 : 15 So the altar shall be four cubits ; and from the altar and upward shall be four horns .
43 : 16 And the altar shall be twelve cubits long , twelve broad , square in the four squares thereof .
43 : 17 And the settle shall be fourteen cubits long and fourteen broad in the four squares thereof ; and the border about it shall be half a cubit ; and the bottom thereof shall be a cubit about ; and his stairs shall look toward the east .
43 : 18 And he said unto me , Son of man , thus saith the Lord GOD ; These are the ordinances of the altar in the day when they shall make it , to offer burnt offerings thereon , and to sprinkle blood thereon .
43 : 21 Thou shalt take the bullock also of the sin offering , and he shall burn it in the appointed place of the house , without the sanctuary .
43 : 22 And on the second day thou shalt offer a kid of the goats without blemish for a sin offering ; and they shall cleanse the altar , as they did cleanse it with the bullock .
43 : 24 And thou shalt offer them before the LORD , and the priests shall cast salt upon them , and they shall offer them up for a burnt offering unto the LORD .
43 : 25 Seven days shalt thou prepare every day a goat for a sin offering : they shall also prepare a young bullock , and a ram out of the flock , without blemish .
43 : 26 Seven days shall they purge the altar and purify it ; and they shall consecrate themselves .
43 : 27 And when these days are expired , it shall be , that upon the eighth day , and so forward , the priests shall make your burnt offerings upon the altar , and your peace offerings ; and I will accept you , saith the Lord GOD .
44 : 2 Then said the LORD unto me ; This gate shall be shut , it shall not be opened , and no man shall enter in by it ; because the LORD , the God of Israel , hath entered in by it , therefore it shall be shut .
44 : 3 It is for the prince ; the prince , he shall sit in it to eat bread before the LORD ; he shall enter by the way of the porch of that gate , and shall go out by the way of the same .
44 : 9 Thus saith the Lord GOD ; No stranger , uncircumcised in heart , nor uncircumcised in flesh , shall enter into my sanctuary , of any stranger that is among the children of Israel .
44 : 10 And the Levites that are gone away far from me , when Israel went astray , which went astray away from me after their idols ; they shall even bear their iniquity .
44 : 11 Yet they shall be ministers in my sanctuary , having charge at the gates of the house , and ministering to the house : they shall slay the burnt offering and the sacrifice for the people , and they shall stand before them to minister unto them .
44 : 12 Because they ministered unto them before their idols , and caused the house of Israel to fall into iniquity ; therefore have I lifted up mine hand against them , saith the Lord GOD , and they shall bear their iniquity .
44 : 13 And they shall not come near unto me , to do the office of a priest unto me , nor to come near to any of my holy things , in the most holy place : but they shall bear their shame , and their abominations which they have committed .
44 : 14 But I will make them keepers of the charge of the house , for all the service thereof , and for all that shall be done therein .
44 : 15 But the priests the Levites , the sons of Zadok , that kept the charge of my sanctuary when the children of Israel went astray from me , they shall come near to me to minister unto me , and they shall stand before me to offer unto me the fat and the blood , saith the Lord GOD : 44 : 16 They shall enter into my sanctuary , and they shall come near to my table , to minister unto me , and they shall keep my charge .
44 : 17 And it shall come to pass , that when they enter in at the gates of the inner court , they shall be clothed with linen garments ; and no wool shall come upon them , whiles they minister in the gates of the inner court , and within .
44 : 18 They shall have linen bonnets upon their heads , and shall have linen breeches upon their loins ; they shall not gird themselves with any thing that causeth sweat .
44 : 19 And when they go forth into the utter court , even into the utter court to the people , they shall put off their garments wherein they ministered , and lay them in the holy chambers , and they shall put on other garments ; and they shall not sanctify the people with their garments .
44 : 20 Neither shall they shave their heads , nor suffer their locks to grow long ; they shall only poll their heads .
44 : 21 Neither shall any priest drink wine , when they enter into the inner court .
44 : 22 Neither shall they take for their wives a widow , nor her that is put away : but they shall take maidens of the seed of the house of Israel , or a widow that had a priest before .
44 : 23 And they shall teach my people the difference between the holy and profane , and cause them to discern between the unclean and the clean .
44 : 24 And in controversy they shall stand in judgment ; and they shall judge it according to my judgments : and they shall keep my laws and my statutes in all mine assemblies ; and they shall hallow my sabbaths .
44 : 25 And they shall come at no dead person to defile themselves : but for father , or for mother , or for son , or for daughter , for brother , or for sister that hath had no husband , they may defile themselves .
44 : 26 And after he is cleansed , they shall reckon unto him seven days .
44 : 27 And in the day that he goeth into the sanctuary , unto the inner court , to minister in the sanctuary , he shall offer his sin offering , saith the Lord GOD .
44 : 28 And it shall be unto them for an inheritance : I am their inheritance : and ye shall give them no possession in Israel : I am their possession .
44 : 29 They shall eat the meat offering , and the sin offering , and the trespass offering : and every dedicated thing in Israel shall be theirs .
44 : 30 And the first of all the firstfruits of all things , and every oblation of all , of every sort of your oblations , shall be the priest ' s : ye shall also give unto the priest the first of your dough , that he may cause the blessing to rest in thine house .
44 : 31 The priests shall not eat of any thing that is dead of itself , or torn , whether it be fowl or beast .
45 : 1 Moreover , when ye shall divide by lot the land for inheritance , ye shall offer an oblation unto the LORD , an holy portion of the land : the length shall be the length of five and twenty thousand reeds , and the breadth shall be ten thousand .
This shall be holy in all the borders thereof round about .
45 : 2 Of this there shall be for the sanctuary five hundred in length , with five hundred in breadth , square round about ; and fifty cubits round about for the suburbs thereof .
45 : 3 And of this measure shalt thou measure the length of five and twenty thousand , and the breadth of ten thousand : and in it shall be the sanctuary and the most holy place .
45 : 4 The holy portion of the land shall be for the priests the ministers of the sanctuary , which shall come near to minister unto the LORD : and it shall be a place for their houses , and an holy place for the sanctuary .
45 : 5 And the five and twenty thousand of length , and the ten thousand of breadth shall also the Levites , the ministers of the house , have for themselves , for a possession for twenty chambers .
45 : 6 And ye shall appoint the possession of the city five thousand broad , and five and twenty thousand long , over against the oblation of the holy portion : it shall be for the whole house of Israel .
45 : 7 And a portion shall be for the prince on the one side and on the other side of the oblation of the holy portion , and of the possession of the city , before the oblation of the holy portion , and before the possession of the city , from the west side westward , and from the east side eastward : and the length shall be over against one of the portions , from the west border unto the east border .
45 : 8 In the land shall be his possession in Israel : and my princes shall no more oppress my people ; and the rest of the land shall they give to the house of Israel according to their tribes .
45 : 10 Ye shall have just balances , and a just ephah , and a just bath .
45 : 11 The ephah and the bath shall be of one measure , that the bath may contain the tenth part of an homer , and the ephah the tenth part of an homer : the measure thereof shall be after the homer .
45 : 12 And the shekel shall be twenty gerahs : twenty shekels , five and twenty shekels , fifteen shekels , shall be your maneh .
45 : 13 This is the oblation that ye shall offer ; the sixth part of an ephah of an homer of wheat , and ye shall give the sixth part of an ephah of an homer of barley : 45 : 14 Concerning the ordinance of oil , the bath of oil , ye shall offer the tenth part of a bath out of the cor , which is an homer of ten baths ; for ten baths are an homer : 45 : 15 And one lamb out of the flock , out of two hundred , out of the fat pastures of Israel ; for a meat offering , and for a burnt offering , and for peace offerings , to make reconciliation for them , saith the Lord GOD .
45 : 16 All the people of the land shall give this oblation for the prince in Israel .
45 : 17 And it shall be the prince ' s part to give burnt offerings , and meat offerings , and drink offerings , in the feasts , and in the new moons , and in the sabbaths , in all solemnities of the house of Israel : he shall prepare the sin offering , and the meat offering , and the burnt offering , and the peace offerings , to make reconciliation for the house of Israel .
45 : 18 Thus saith the Lord GOD ; In the first month , in the first day of the month , thou shalt take a young bullock without blemish , and cleanse the sanctuary : 45 : 19 And the priest shall take of the blood of the sin offering , and put it upon the posts of the house , and upon the four corners of the settle of the altar , and upon the posts of the gate of the inner court .
45 : 20 And so thou shalt do the seventh day of the month for every one that erreth , and for him that is simple : so shall ye reconcile the house .
45 : 21 In the first month , in the fourteenth day of the month , ye shall have the passover , a feast of seven days ; unleavened bread shall be eaten .
45 : 22 And upon that day shall the prince prepare for himself and for all the people of the land a bullock for a sin offering .
45 : 23 And seven days of the feast he shall prepare a burnt offering to the LORD , seven bullocks and seven rams without blemish daily the seven days ; and a kid of the goats daily for a sin offering .
45 : 24 And he shall prepare a meat offering of an ephah for a bullock , and an ephah for a ram , and an hin of oil for an ephah .
45 : 25 In the seventh month , in the fifteenth day of the month , shall he do the like in the feast of the seven days , according to the sin offering , according to the burnt offering , and according to the meat offering , and according to the oil .
46 : 1 Thus saith the Lord GOD ; The gate of the inner court that looketh toward the east shall be shut the six working days ; but on the sabbath it shall be opened , and in the day of the new moon it shall be opened .
46 : 2 And the prince shall enter by the way of the porch of that gate without , and shall stand by the post of the gate , and the priests shall prepare his burnt offering and his peace offerings , and he shall worship at the threshold of the gate : then he shall go forth ; but the gate shall not be shut until the evening .
46 : 3 Likewise the people of the land shall worship at the door of this gate before the LORD in the sabbaths and in the new moons .
46 : 4 And the burnt offering that the prince shall offer unto the LORD in the sabbath day shall be six lambs without blemish , and a ram without blemish .
46 : 5 And the meat offering shall be an ephah for a ram , and the meat offering for the lambs as he shall be able to give , and an hin of oil to an ephah .
46 : 6 And in the day of the new moon it shall be a young bullock without blemish , and six lambs , and a ram : they shall be without blemish .
46 : 7 And he shall prepare a meat offering , an ephah for a bullock , and an ephah for a ram , and for the lambs according as his hand shall attain unto , and an hin of oil to an ephah .
46 : 8 And when the prince shall enter , he shall go in by the way of the porch of that gate , and he shall go forth by the way thereof .
46 : 9 But when the people of the land shall come before the LORD in the solemn feasts , he that entereth in by the way of the north gate to worship shall go out by the way of the south gate ; and he that entereth by the way of the south gate shall go forth by the way of the north gate : he shall not return by the way of the gate whereby he came in , but shall go forth over against it .
46 : 10 And the prince in the midst of them , when they go in , shall go in ; and when they go forth , shall go forth .
46 : 11 And in the feasts and in the solemnities the meat offering shall be an ephah to a bullock , and an ephah to a ram , and to the lambs as he is able to give , and an hin of oil to an ephah .
46 : 12 Now when the prince shall prepare a voluntary burnt offering or peace offerings voluntarily unto the LORD , one shall then open him the gate that looketh toward the east , and he shall prepare his burnt offering and his peace offerings , as he did on the sabbath day : then he shall go forth ; and after his going forth one shall shut the gate .
46 : 15 Thus shall they prepare the lamb , and the meat offering , and the oil , every morning for a continual burnt offering .
46 : 16 Thus saith the Lord GOD ; If the prince give a gift unto any of his sons , the inheritance thereof shall be his sons '; it shall be their possession by inheritance .
46 : 17 But if he give a gift of his inheritance to one of his servants , then it shall be his to the year of liberty ; after it shall return to the prince : but his inheritance shall be his sons ' for them .
46 : 18 Moreover the prince shall not take of the people ' s inheritance by oppression , to thrust them out of their possession ; but he shall give his sons inheritance out of his own possession : that my people be not scattered every man from his possession .
46 : 20 Then said he unto me , This is the place where the priests shall boil the trespass offering and the sin offering , where they shall bake the meat offering ; that they bear them not out into the utter court , to sanctify the people .
46 : 24 Then said he unto me , These are the places of them that boil , where the ministers of the house shall boil the sacrifice of the people .
47 : 8 Then said he unto me , These waters issue out toward the east country , and go down into the desert , and go into the sea : which being brought forth into the sea , the waters shall be healed .
47 : 9 And it shall come to pass , that every thing that liveth , which moveth , whithersoever the rivers shall come , shall live : and there shall be a very great multitude of fish , because these waters shall come thither : for they shall be healed ; and every thing shall live whither the river cometh .
47 : 10 And it shall come to pass , that the fishers shall stand upon it from Engedi even unto Eneglaim ; they shall be a place to spread forth nets ; their fish shall be according to their kinds , as the fish of the great sea , exceeding many .
47 : 11 But the miry places thereof and the marishes thereof shall not be healed ; they shall be given to salt .
47 : 12 And by the river upon the bank thereof , on this side and on that side , shall grow all trees for meat , whose leaf shall not fade , neither shall the fruit thereof be consumed : it shall bring forth new fruit according to his months , because their waters they issued out of the sanctuary : and the fruit thereof shall be for meat , and the leaf thereof for medicine .
47 : 13 Thus saith the Lord GOD ; This shall be the border , whereby ye shall inherit the land according to the twelve tribes of Israel : Joseph shall have two portions .
47 : 14 And ye shall inherit it , one as well as another : concerning the which I lifted up mine hand to give it unto your fathers : and this land shall fall unto you for inheritance .
47 : 15 And this shall be the border of the land toward the north side , from the great sea , the way of Hethlon , as men go to Zedad ; 47 : 16 Hamath , Berothah , Sibraim , which is between the border of Damascus and the border of Hamath ; Hazarhatticon , which is by the coast of Hauran .
47 : 17 And the border from the sea shall be Hazarenan , the border of Damascus , and the north northward , and the border of Hamath .
47 : 18 And the east side ye shall measure from Hauran , and from Damascus , and from Gilead , and from the land of Israel by Jordan , from the border unto the east sea .
47 : 20 The west side also shall be the great sea from the border , till a man come over against Hamath .
47 : 21 So shall ye divide this land unto you according to the tribes of Israel .
47 : 22 And it shall come to pass , that ye shall divide it by lot for an inheritance unto you , and to the strangers that sojourn among you , which shall beget children among you : and they shall be unto you as born in the country among the children of Israel ; they shall have inheritance with you among the tribes of Israel .
47 : 23 And it shall come to pass , that in what tribe the stranger sojourneth , there shall ye give him his inheritance , saith the Lord GOD .
48 : 8 And by the border of Judah , from the east side unto the west side , shall be the offering which ye shall offer of five and twenty thousand reeds in breadth , and in length as one of the other parts , from the east side unto the west side : and the sanctuary shall be in the midst of it .
48 : 9 The oblation that ye shall offer unto the LORD shall be of five and twenty thousand in length , and of ten thousand in breadth .
48 : 10 And for them , even for the priests , shall be this holy oblation ; toward the north five and twenty thousand in length , and toward the west ten thousand in breadth , and toward the east ten thousand in breadth , and toward the south five and twenty thousand in length : and the sanctuary of the LORD shall be in the midst thereof .
48 : 11 It shall be for the priests that are sanctified of the sons of Zadok ; which have kept my charge , which went not astray when the children of Israel went astray , as the Levites went astray .
48 : 12 And this oblation of the land that is offered shall be unto them a thing most holy by the border of the Levites .
48 : 13 And over against the border of the priests the Levites shall have five and twenty thousand in length , and ten thousand in breadth : all the length shall be five and twenty thousand , and the breadth ten thousand .
48 : 14 And they shall not sell of it , neither exchange , nor alienate the firstfruits of the land : for it is holy unto the LORD .
48 : 15 And the five thousand , that are left in the breadth over against the five and twenty thousand , shall be a profane place for the city , for dwelling , and for suburbs : and the city shall be in the midst thereof .
48 : 16 And these shall be the measures thereof ; the north side four thousand and five hundred , and the south side four thousand and five hundred , and on the east side four thousand and five hundred , and the west side four thousand and five hundred .
48 : 17 And the suburbs of the city shall be toward the north two hundred and fifty , and toward the south two hundred and fifty , and toward the east two hundred and fifty , and toward the west two hundred and fifty .
48 : 18 And the residue in length over against the oblation of the holy portion shall be ten thousand eastward , and ten thousand westward : and it shall be over against the oblation of the holy portion ; and the increase thereof shall be for food unto them that serve the city .
48 : 19 And they that serve the city shall serve it out of all the tribes of Israel .
48 : 20 All the oblation shall be five and twenty thousand by five and twenty thousand : ye shall offer the holy oblation foursquare , with the possession of the city .
48 : 21 And the residue shall be for the prince , on the one side and on the other of the holy oblation , and of the possession of the city , over against the five and twenty thousand of the oblation toward the east border , and westward over against the five and twenty thousand toward the west border , over against the portions for the prince : and it shall be the holy oblation ; and the sanctuary of the house shall be in the midst thereof .
48 : 22 Moreover from the possession of the Levites , and from the possession of the city , being in the midst of that which is the prince ' s , between the border of Judah and the border of Benjamin , shall be for the prince .
48 : 23 As for the rest of the tribes , from the east side unto the west side , Benjamin shall have a portion .
48 : 24 And by the border of Benjamin , from the east side unto the west side , Simeon shall have a portion .
48 : 28 And by the border of Gad , at the south side southward , the border shall be even from Tamar unto the waters of strife in Kadesh , and to the river toward the great sea .
48 : 29 This is the land which ye shall divide by lot unto the tribes of Israel for inheritance , and these are their portions , saith the Lord GOD .
48 : 31 And the gates of the city shall be after the names of the tribes of Israel : three gates northward ; one gate of Reuben , one gate of Judah , one gate of Levi .
48 : 35 It was round about eighteen thousand measures : and the name of the city from that day shall be , The LORD is there .
then shall ye make me endanger my head to the king .
2 : 5 The king answered and said to the Chaldeans , The thing is gone from me : if ye will not make known unto me the dream , with the interpretation thereof , ye shall be cut in pieces , and your houses shall be made a dunghill .
2 : 6 But if ye shew the dream , and the interpretation thereof , ye shall receive of me gifts and rewards and great honour : therefore shew me the dream , and the interpretation thereof .
2 : 9 But if ye will not make known unto me the dream , there is but one decree for you : for ye have prepared lying and corrupt words to speak before me , till the time be changed : therefore tell me the dream , and I shall know that ye can shew me the interpretation thereof .
2 : 27 Daniel answered in the presence of the king , and said , The secret which the king hath demanded cannot the wise men , the astrologers , the magicians , the soothsayers , shew unto the king ; 2 : 28 But there is a God in heaven that revealeth secrets , and maketh known to the king Nebuchadnezzar what shall be in the latter days .
Thy dream , and the visions of thy head upon thy bed , are these ; 2 : 29 As for thee , O king , thy thoughts came into thy mind upon thy bed , what should come to pass hereafter : and he that revealeth secrets maketh known to thee what shall come to pass .
2 : 30 But as for me , this secret is not revealed to me for any wisdom that I have more than any living , but for their sakes that shall make known the interpretation to the king , and that thou mightest know the thoughts of thy heart .
2 : 39 And after thee shall arise another kingdom inferior to thee , and another third kingdom of brass , which shall bear rule over all the earth .
2 : 40 And the fourth kingdom shall be strong as iron : forasmuch as iron breaketh in pieces and subdueth all things : and as iron that breaketh all these , shall it break in pieces and bruise .
2 : 41 And whereas thou sawest the feet and toes , part of potters ' clay , and part of iron , the kingdom shall be divided ; but there shall be in it of the strength of the iron , forasmuch as thou sawest the iron mixed with miry clay .
2 : 42 And as the toes of the feet were part of iron , and part of clay , so the kingdom shall be partly strong , and partly broken .
2 : 43 And whereas thou sawest iron mixed with miry clay , they shall mingle themselves with the seed of men : but they shall not cleave one to another , even as iron is not mixed with clay .
2 : 44 And in the days of these kings shall the God of heaven set up a kingdom , which shall never be destroyed : and the kingdom shall not be left to other people , but it shall break in pieces and consume all these kingdoms , and it shall stand for ever .
2 : 45 Forasmuch as thou sawest that the stone was cut out of the mountain without hands , and that it brake in pieces the iron , the brass , the clay , the silver , and the gold ; the great God hath made known to the king what shall come to pass hereafter : and the dream is certain , and the interpretation thereof sure .
3 : 4 Then an herald cried aloud , To you it is commanded , O people , nations , and languages , 3 : 5 That at what time ye hear the sound of the cornet , flute , harp , sackbut , psaltery , dulcimer , and all kinds of musick , ye fall down and worship the golden image that Nebuchadnezzar the king hath set up : 3 : 6 And whoso falleth not down and worshippeth shall the same hour be cast into the midst of a burning fiery furnace .
3 : 10 Thou , O king , hast made a decree , that every man that shall hear the sound of the cornet , flute , harp , sackbut , psaltery , and dulcimer , and all kinds of musick , shall fall down and worship the golden image : 3 : 11 And whoso falleth not down and worshippeth , that he should be cast into the midst of a burning fiery furnace .
3 : 15 Now if ye be ready that at what time ye hear the sound of the cornet , flute , harp , sackbut , psaltery , and dulcimer , and all kinds of musick , ye fall down and worship the image which I have made ; well : but if ye worship not , ye shall be cast the same hour into the midst of a burning fiery furnace ; and who is that God that shall deliver you out of my hands ?
3 : 29 Therefore I make a decree , That every people , nation , and language , which speak any thing amiss against the God of Shadrach , Meshach , and Abednego , shall be cut in pieces , and their houses shall be made a dunghill : because there is no other God that can deliver after this sort .
4 : 23 And whereas the king saw a watcher and an holy one coming down from heaven , and saying , Hew the tree down , and destroy it ; yet leave the stump of the roots thereof in the earth , even with a band of iron and brass , in the tender grass of the field ; and let it be wet with the dew of heaven , and let his portion be with the beasts of the field , till seven times pass over him ; 4 : 24 This is the interpretation , O king , and this is the decree of the most High , which is come upon my lord the king : 4 : 25 That they shall drive thee from men , and thy dwelling shall be with the beasts of the field , and they shall make thee to eat grass as oxen , and they shall wet thee with the dew of heaven , and seven times shall pass over thee , till thou know that the most High ruleth in the kingdom of men , and giveth it to whomsoever he will .
4 : 26 And whereas they commanded to leave the stump of the tree roots ; thy kingdom shall be sure unto thee , after that thou shalt have known that the heavens do rule .
4 : 32 And they shall drive thee from men , and thy dwelling shall be with the beasts of the field : they shall make thee to eat grass as oxen , and seven times shall pass over thee , until thou know that the most High ruleth in the kingdom of men , and giveth it to whomsoever he will .
And the king spake , and said to the wise men of Babylon , Whosoever shall read this writing , and shew me the interpretation thereof , shall be clothed with scarlet , and have a chain of gold about his neck , and shall be the third ruler in the kingdom .
6 : 5 Then said these men , We shall not find any occasion against this Daniel , except we find it against him concerning the law of his God .
6 : 7 All the presidents of the kingdom , the governors , and the princes , the counsellors , and the captains , have consulted together to establish a royal statute , and to make a firm decree , that whosoever shall ask a petition of any God or man for thirty days , save of thee , O king , he shall be cast into the den of lions .
6 : 12 Then they came near , and spake before the king concerning the king ' s decree ; Hast thou not signed a decree , that every man that shall ask a petition of any God or man within thirty days , save of thee , O king , shall be cast into the den of lions ?
6 : 26 I make a decree , That in every dominion of my kingdom men tremble and fear before the God of Daniel : for he is the living God , and stedfast for ever , and his kingdom that which shall not be destroyed , and his dominion shall be even unto the end .
7 : 14 And there was given him dominion , and glory , and a kingdom , that all people , nations , and languages , should serve him : his dominion is an everlasting dominion , which shall not pass away , and his kingdom that which shall not be destroyed .
7 : 17 These great beasts , which are four , are four kings , which shall arise out of the earth .
7 : 18 But the saints of the most High shall take the kingdom , and possess the kingdom for ever , even for ever and ever .
7 : 23 Thus he said , The fourth beast shall be the fourth kingdom upon earth , which shall be diverse from all kingdoms , and shall devour the whole earth , and shall tread it down , and break it in pieces .
7 : 24 And the ten horns out of this kingdom are ten kings that shall arise : and another shall rise after them ; and he shall be diverse from the first , and he shall subdue three kings .
7 : 25 And he shall speak great words against the most High , and shall wear out the saints of the most High , and think to change times and laws : and they shall be given into his hand until a time and times and the dividing of time .
7 : 26 But the judgment shall sit , and they shall take away his dominion , to consume and to destroy it unto the end .
7 : 27 And the kingdom and dominion , and the greatness of the kingdom under the whole heaven , shall be given to the people of the saints of the most High , whose kingdom is an everlasting kingdom , and all dominions shall serve and obey him .
8 : 13 Then I heard one saint speaking , and another saint said unto that certain saint which spake , How long shall be the vision concerning the daily sacrifice , and the transgression of desolation , to give both the sanctuary and the host to be trodden under foot ?
8 : 14 And he said unto me , Unto two thousand and three hundred days ; then shall the sanctuary be cleansed .
8 : 17 So he came near where I stood : and when he came , I was afraid , and fell upon my face : but he said unto me , Understand , O son of man : for at the time of the end shall be the vision .
8 : 19 And he said , Behold , I will make thee know what shall be in the last end of the indignation : for at the time appointed the end shall be .
8 : 22 Now that being broken , whereas four stood up for it , four kingdoms shall stand up out of the nation , but not in his power .
8 : 23 And in the latter time of their kingdom , when the transgressors are come to the full , a king of fierce countenance , and understanding dark sentences , shall stand up .
8 : 24 And his power shall be mighty , but not by his own power : and he shall destroy wonderfully , and shall prosper , and practise , and shall destroy the mighty and the holy people .
8 : 25 And through his policy also he shall cause craft to prosper in his hand ; and he shall magnify himself in his heart , and by peace shall destroy many : he shall also stand up against the Prince of princes ; but he shall be broken without hand .
8 : 26 And the vision of the evening and the morning which was told is true : wherefore shut thou up the vision ; for it shall be for many days .
9 : 25 Know therefore and understand , that from the going forth of the commandment to restore and to build Jerusalem unto the Messiah the Prince shall be seven weeks , and threescore and two weeks : the street shall be built again , and the wall , even in troublous times .
9 : 26 And after threescore and two weeks shall Messiah be cut off , but not for himself : and the people of the prince that shall come shall destroy the city and the sanctuary ; and the end thereof shall be with a flood , and unto the end of the war desolations are determined .
9 : 27 And he shall confirm the covenant with many for one week : and in the midst of the week he shall cause the sacrifice and the oblation to cease , and for the overspreading of abominations he shall make it desolate , even until the consummation , and that determined shall be poured upon the desolate .
10 : 14 Now I am come to make thee understand what shall befall thy people in the latter days : for yet the vision is for many days .
and now will I return to fight with the prince of Persia : and when I am gone forth , lo , the prince of Grecia shall come .
Behold , there shall stand up yet three kings in Persia ; and the fourth shall be far richer than they all : and by his strength through his riches he shall stir up all against the realm of Grecia .
11 : 3 And a mighty king shall stand up , that shall rule with great dominion , and do according to his will .
11 : 4 And when he shall stand up , his kingdom shall be broken , and shall be divided toward the four winds of heaven ; and not to his posterity , nor according to his dominion which he ruled : for his kingdom shall be plucked up , even for others beside those .
11 : 5 And the king of the south shall be strong , and one of his princes ; and he shall be strong above him , and have dominion ; his dominion shall be a great dominion .
11 : 6 And in the end of years they shall join themselves together ; for the king ' s daughter of the south shall come to the king of the north to make an agreement : but she shall not retain the power of the arm ; neither shall he stand , nor his arm : but she shall be given up , and they that brought her , and he that begat her , and he that strengthened her in these times .
11 : 7 But out of a branch of her roots shall one stand up in his estate , which shall come with an army , and shall enter into the fortress of the king of the north , and shall deal against them , and shall prevail : 11 : 8 And shall also carry captives into Egypt their gods , with their princes , and with their precious vessels of silver and of gold ; and he shall continue more years than the king of the north .
11 : 9 So the king of the south shall come into his kingdom , and shall return into his own land .
11 : 10 But his sons shall be stirred up , and shall assemble a multitude of great forces : and one shall certainly come , and overflow , and pass through : then shall he return , and be stirred up , even to his fortress .
11 : 11 And the king of the south shall be moved with choler , and shall come forth and fight with him , even with the king of the north : and he shall set forth a great multitude ; but the multitude shall be given into his hand .
11 : 12 And when he hath taken away the multitude , his heart shall be lifted up ; and he shall cast down many ten thousands : but he shall not be strengthened by it .
11 : 13 For the king of the north shall return , and shall set forth a multitude greater than the former , and shall certainly come after certain years with a great army and with much riches .
11 : 14 And in those times there shall many stand up against the king of the south : also the robbers of thy people shall exalt themselves to establish the vision ; but they shall fall .
11 : 15 So the king of the north shall come , and cast up a mount , and take the most fenced cities : and the arms of the south shall not withstand , neither his chosen people , neither shall there be any strength to withstand .
11 : 16 But he that cometh against him shall do according to his own will , and none shall stand before him : and he shall stand in the glorious land , which by his hand shall be consumed .
11 : 17 He shall also set his face to enter with the strength of his whole kingdom , and upright ones with him ; thus shall he do : and he shall give him the daughter of women , corrupting her : but she shall not stand on his side , neither be for him .
11 : 18 After this shall he turn his face unto the isles , and shall take many : but a prince for his own behalf shall cause the reproach offered by him to cease ; without his own reproach he shall cause it to turn upon him .
11 : 19 Then he shall turn his face toward the fort of his own land : but he shall stumble and fall , and not be found .
11 : 20 Then shall stand up in his estate a raiser of taxes in the glory of the kingdom : but within few days he shall be destroyed , neither in anger , nor in battle .
11 : 21 And in his estate shall stand up a vile person , to whom they shall not give the honour of the kingdom : but he shall come in peaceably , and obtain the kingdom by flatteries .
11 : 22 And with the arms of a flood shall they be overflown from before him , and shall be broken ; yea , also the prince of the covenant .
11 : 23 And after the league made with him he shall work deceitfully : for he shall come up , and shall become strong with a small people .
11 : 24 He shall enter peaceably even upon the fattest places of the province ; and he shall do that which his fathers have not done , nor his fathers ' fathers ; he shall scatter among them the prey , and spoil , and riches : yea , and he shall forecast his devices against the strong holds , even for a time .
11 : 25 And he shall stir up his power and his courage against the king of the south with a great army ; and the king of the south shall be stirred up to battle with a very great and mighty army ; but he shall not stand : for they shall forecast devices against him .
11 : 26 Yea , they that feed of the portion of his meat shall destroy him , and his army shall overflow : and many shall fall down slain .
11 : 27 And both of these kings ' hearts shall be to do mischief , and they shall speak lies at one table ; but it shall not prosper : for yet the end shall be at the time appointed .
11 : 28 Then shall he return into his land with great riches ; and his heart shall be against the holy covenant ; and he shall do exploits , and return to his own land .
11 : 29 At the time appointed he shall return , and come toward the south ; but it shall not be as the former , or as the latter .
11 : 30 For the ships of Chittim shall come against him : therefore he shall be grieved , and return , and have indignation against the holy covenant : so shall he do ; he shall even return , and have intelligence with them that forsake the holy covenant .
11 : 31 And arms shall stand on his part , and they shall pollute the sanctuary of strength , and shall take away the daily sacrifice , and they shall place the abomination that maketh desolate .
11 : 32 And such as do wickedly against the covenant shall he corrupt by flatteries : but the people that do know their God shall be strong , and do exploits .
11 : 33 And they that understand among the people shall instruct many : yet they shall fall by the sword , and by flame , by captivity , and by spoil , many days .
11 : 34 Now when they shall fall , they shall be holpen with a little help : but many shall cleave to them with flatteries .
11 : 35 And some of them of understanding shall fall , to try them , and to purge , and to make them white , even to the time of the end : because it is yet for a time appointed .
11 : 36 And the king shall do according to his will ; and he shall exalt himself , and magnify himself above every god , and shall speak marvellous things against the God of gods , and shall prosper till the indignation be accomplished : for that that is determined shall be done .
11 : 37 Neither shall he regard the God of his fathers , nor the desire of women , nor regard any god : for he shall magnify himself above all .
11 : 38 But in his estate shall he honour the God of forces : and a god whom his fathers knew not shall he honour with gold , and silver , and with precious stones , and pleasant things .
11 : 39 Thus shall he do in the most strong holds with a strange god , whom he shall acknowledge and increase with glory : and he shall cause them to rule over many , and shall divide the land for gain .
11 : 40 And at the time of the end shall the king of the south push at him : and the king of the north shall come against him like a whirlwind , with chariots , and with horsemen , and with many ships ; and he shall enter into the countries , and shall overflow and pass over .
11 : 41 He shall enter also into the glorious land , and many countries shall be overthrown : but these shall escape out of his hand , even Edom , and Moab , and the chief of the children of Ammon .
11 : 42 He shall stretch forth his hand also upon the countries : and the land of Egypt shall not escape .
11 : 43 But he shall have power over the treasures of gold and of silver , and over all the precious things of Egypt : and the Libyans and the Ethiopians shall be at his steps .
11 : 44 But tidings out of the east and out of the north shall trouble him : therefore he shall go forth with great fury to destroy , and utterly to make away many .
11 : 45 And he shall plant the tabernacles of his palace between the seas in the glorious holy mountain ; yet he shall come to his end , and none shall help him .
12 : 1 And at that time shall Michael stand up , the great prince which standeth for the children of thy people : and there shall be a time of trouble , such as never was since there was a nation even to that same time : and at that time thy people shall be delivered , every one that shall be found written in the book .
12 : 2 And many of them that sleep in the dust of the earth shall awake , some to everlasting life , and some to shame and everlasting contempt .
12 : 3 And they that be wise shall shine as the brightness of the firmament ; and they that turn many to righteousness as the stars for ever and ever .
12 : 4 But thou , O Daniel , shut up the words , and seal the book , even to the time of the end : many shall run to and fro , and knowledge shall be increased .
12 : 6 And one said to the man clothed in linen , which was upon the waters of the river , How long shall it be to the end of these wonders ?
12 : 7 And I heard the man clothed in linen , which was upon the waters of the river , when he held up his right hand and his left hand unto heaven , and sware by him that liveth for ever that it shall be for a time , times , and an half ; and when he shall have accomplished to scatter the power of the holy people , all these things shall be finished .
12 : 8 And I heard , but I understood not : then said I , O my Lord , what shall be the end of these things ?
12 : 10 Many shall be purified , and made white , and tried ; but the wicked shall do wickedly : and none of the wicked shall understand ; but the wise shall understand .
12 : 11 And from the time that the daily sacrifice shall be taken away , and the abomination that maketh desolate set up , there shall be a thousand two hundred and ninety days .
1 : 5 And it shall come to pass at that day , that I will break the bow of Israel , in the valley of Jezreel .
1 : 10 Yet the number of the children of Israel shall be as the sand of the sea , which cannot be measured nor numbered ; and it shall come to pass , that in the place where it was said unto them , Ye are not my people , there it shall be said unto them , Ye are the sons of the living God .
1 : 11 Then shall the children of Judah and the children of Israel be gathered together , and appoint themselves one head , and they shall come up out of the land : for great shall be the day of Jezreel .
2 : 6 Therefore , behold , I will hedge up thy way with thorns , and make a wall , that she shall not find her paths .
2 : 7 And she shall follow after her lovers , but she shall not overtake them ; and she shall seek them , but shall not find them : then shall she say , I will go and return to my first husband ; for then was it better with me than now .
2 : 10 And now will I discover her lewdness in the sight of her lovers , and none shall deliver her out of mine hand .
2 : 12 And I will destroy her vines and her fig trees , whereof she hath said , These are my rewards that my lovers have given me : and I will make them a forest , and the beasts of the field shall eat them .
2 : 15 And I will give her her vineyards from thence , and the valley of Achor for a door of hope : and she shall sing there , as in the days of her youth , and as in the day when she came up out of the land of Egypt .
2 : 16 And it shall be at that day , saith the LORD , that thou shalt call me Ishi ; and shalt call me no more Baali .
2 : 17 For I will take away the names of Baalim out of her mouth , and they shall no more be remembered by their name .
2 : 21 And it shall come to pass in that day , I will hear , saith the LORD , I will hear the heavens , and they shall hear the earth ; 2 : 22 And the earth shall hear the corn , and the wine , and the oil ; and they shall hear Jezreel .
2 : 23 And I will sow her unto me in the earth ; and I will have mercy upon her that had not obtained mercy ; and I will say to them which were not my people , Thou art my people ; and they shall say , Thou art my God .
3 : 4 For the children of Israel shall abide many days without a king , and without a prince , and without a sacrifice , and without an image , and without an ephod , and without teraphim : 3 : 5 Afterward shall the children of Israel return , and seek the LORD their God , and David their king ; and shall fear the LORD and his goodness in the latter days .
4 : 3 Therefore shall the land mourn , and every one that dwelleth therein shall languish , with the beasts of the field , and with the fowls of heaven ; yea , the fishes of the sea also shall be taken away .
4 : 5 Therefore shalt thou fall in the day , and the prophet also shall fall with thee in the night , and I will destroy thy mother .
4 : 9 And there shall be , like people , like priest : and I will punish them for their ways , and reward them their doings .
4 : 10 For they shall eat , and not have enough : they shall commit whoredom , and shall not increase : because they have left off to take heed to the LORD .
4 : 13 They sacrifice upon the tops of the mountains , and burn incense upon the hills , under oaks and poplars and elms , because the shadow thereof is good : therefore your daughters shall commit whoredom , and your spouses shall commit adultery .
4 : 14 I will not punish your daughters when they commit whoredom , nor your spouses when they commit adultery : for themselves are separated with whores , and they sacrifice with harlots : therefore the people that doth not understand shall fall .
4 : 19 The wind hath bound her up in her wings , and they shall be ashamed because of their sacrifices .
5 : 5 And the pride of Israel doth testify to his face : therefore shall Israel and Ephraim fall in their iniquity : Judah also shall fall with them .
5 : 6 They shall go with their flocks and with their herds to seek the LORD ; but they shall not find him ; he hath withdrawn himself from them .
5 : 7 They have dealt treacherously against the LORD : for they have begotten strange children : now shall a month devour them with their portions .
5 : 9 Ephraim shall be desolate in the day of rebuke : among the tribes of Israel have I made known that which shall surely be .
5 : 14 For I will be unto Ephraim as a lion , and as a young lion to the house of Judah : I , even I , will tear and go away ; I will take away , and none shall rescue him .
6 : 2 After two days will he revive us : in the third day he will raise us up , and we shall live in his sight .
6 : 3 Then shall we know , if we follow on to know the LORD : his going forth is prepared as the morning ; and he shall come unto us as the rain , as the latter and former rain unto the earth .
6 : 4 O Ephraim , what shall I do unto thee ?
O Judah , what shall I do unto thee ?
7 : 12 When they shall go , I will spread my net upon them ; I will bring them down as the fowls of the heaven ; I will chastise them , as their congregation hath heard .
7 : 16 They return , but not to the most High : they are like a deceitful bow : their princes shall fall by the sword for the rage of their tongue : this shall be their derision in the land of Egypt .
He shall come as an eagle against the house of the LORD , because they have transgressed my covenant , and trespassed against my law .
8 : 2 Israel shall cry unto me , My God , we know thee .
8 : 3 Israel hath cast off the thing that is good : the enemy shall pursue him .
8 : 6 For from Israel was it also : the workman made it ; therefore it is not God : but the calf of Samaria shall be broken in pieces .
8 : 7 For they have sown the wind , and they shall reap the whirlwind : it hath no stalk ; the bud shall yield no meal : if so be it yield , the strangers shall swallow it up .
8 : 8 Israel is swallowed up : now shall they be among the Gentiles as a vessel wherein is no pleasure .
8 : 10 Yea , though they have hired among the nations , now will I gather them , and they shall sorrow a little for the burden of the king of princes .
8 : 11 Because Ephraim hath made many altars to sin , altars shall be unto him to sin .
8 : 13 They sacrifice flesh for the sacrifices of mine offerings , and eat it ; but the LORD accepteth them not ; now will he remember their iniquity , and visit their sins : they shall return to Egypt .
8 : 14 For Israel hath forgotten his Maker , and buildeth temples ; and Judah hath multiplied fenced cities : but I will send a fire upon his cities , and it shall devour the palaces thereof .
9 : 2 The floor and the winepress shall not feed them , and the new wine shall fail in her .
9 : 3 They shall not dwell in the LORD ' s land ; but Ephraim shall return to Egypt , and they shall eat unclean things in Assyria .
9 : 4 They shall not offer wine offerings to the LORD , neither shall they be pleasing unto him : their sacrifices shall be unto them as the bread of mourners ; all that eat thereof shall be polluted : for their bread for their soul shall not come into the house of the LORD .
9 : 6 For , lo , they are gone because of destruction : Egypt shall gather them up , Memphis shall bury them : the pleasant places for their silver , nettles shall possess them : thorns shall be in their tabernacles .
9 : 7 The days of visitation are come , the days of recompence are come ; Israel shall know it : the prophet is a fool , the spiritual man is mad , for the multitude of thine iniquity , and the great hatred .
9 : 11 As for Ephraim , their glory shall fly away like a bird , from the birth , and from the womb , and from the conception .
9 : 12 Though they bring up their children , yet will I bereave them , that there shall not be a man left : yea , woe also to them when I depart from them !
9 : 13 Ephraim , as I saw Tyrus , is planted in a pleasant place : but Ephraim shall bring forth his children to the murderer .
9 : 16 Ephraim is smitten , their root is dried up , they shall bear no fruit : yea , though they bring forth , yet will I slay even the beloved fruit of their womb .
9 : 17 My God will cast them away , because they did not hearken unto him : and they shall be wanderers among the nations .
10 : 2 Their heart is divided ; now shall they be found faulty : he shall break down their altars , he shall spoil their images .
10 : 3 For now they shall say , We have no king , because we feared not the LORD ; what then should a king do to us ?
10 : 5 The inhabitants of Samaria shall fear because of the calves of Bethaven : for the people thereof shall mourn over it , and the priests thereof that rejoiced on it , for the glory thereof , because it is departed from it .
10 : 6 It shall be also carried unto Assyria for a present to king Jareb : Ephraim shall receive shame , and Israel shall be ashamed of his own counsel .
10 : 8 The high places also of Aven , the sin of Israel , shall be destroyed : the thorn and the thistle shall come up on their altars ; and they shall say to the mountains , Cover us ; and to the hills , Fall on us .
10 : 10 It is in my desire that I should chastise them ; and the people shall be gathered against them , when they shall bind themselves in their two furrows .
10 : 11 And Ephraim is as an heifer that is taught , and loveth to tread out the corn ; but I passed over upon her fair neck : I will make Ephraim to ride ; Judah shall plow , and Jacob shall break his clods .
10 : 14 Therefore shall a tumult arise among thy people , and all thy fortresses shall be spoiled , as Shalman spoiled Betharbel in the day of battle : the mother was dashed in pieces upon her children .
10 : 15 So shall Bethel do unto you because of your great wickedness : in a morning shall the king of Israel utterly be cut off .
11 : 5 He shall not return into the land of Egypt , and the Assyrian shall be his king , because they refused to return .
11 : 6 And the sword shall abide on his cities , and shall consume his branches , and devour them , because of their own counsels .
11 : 8 How shall I give thee up , Ephraim ?
how shall I deliver thee , Israel ?
how shall I make thee as Admah ?
how shall I set thee as Zeboim ?
11 : 10 They shall walk after the LORD : he shall roar like a lion : when he shall roar , then the children shall tremble from the west .
11 : 11 They shall tremble as a bird out of Egypt , and as a dove out of the land of Assyria : and I will place them in their houses , saith the LORD .
12 : 8 And Ephraim said , Yet I am become rich , I have found me out substance : in all my labours they shall find none iniquity in me that were sin .
12 : 14 Ephraim provoked him to anger most bitterly : therefore shall he leave his blood upon him , and his reproach shall his LORD return unto him .
13 : 3 Therefore they shall be as the morning cloud and as the early dew that passeth away , as the chaff that is driven with the whirlwind out of the floor , and as the smoke out of the chimney .
13 : 7 Therefore I will be unto them as a lion : as a leopard by the way will I observe them : 13 : 8 I will meet them as a bear that is bereaved of her whelps , and will rend the caul of their heart , and there will I devour them like a lion : the wild beast shall tear them .
13 : 13 The sorrows of a travailing woman shall come upon him : he is an unwise son ; for he should not stay long in the place of the breaking forth of children .
13 : 14 I will ransom them from the power of the grave ; I will redeem them from death : O death , I will be thy plagues ; O grave , I will be thy destruction : repentance shall be hid from mine eyes .
13 : 15 Though he be fruitful among his brethren , an east wind shall come , the wind of the LORD shall come up from the wilderness , and his spring shall become dry , and his fountain shall be dried up : he shall spoil the treasure of all pleasant vessels .
13 : 16 Samaria shall become desolate ; for she hath rebelled against her God : they shall fall by the sword : their infants shall be dashed in pieces , and their women with child shall be ripped up .
14 : 3 Asshur shall not save us ; we will not ride upon horses : neither will we say any more to the work of our hands , Ye are our gods : for in thee the fatherless findeth mercy .
14 : 5 I will be as the dew unto Israel : he shall grow as the lily , and cast forth his roots as Lebanon .
14 : 6 His branches shall spread , and his beauty shall be as the olive tree , and his smell as Lebanon .
14 : 7 They that dwell under his shadow shall return ; they shall revive as the corn , and grow as the vine : the scent thereof shall be as the wine of Lebanon .
14 : 8 Ephraim shall say , What have I to do any more with idols ?
14 : 9 Who is wise , and he shall understand these things ?
prudent , and he shall know them ?
for the ways of the LORD are right , and the just shall walk in them : but the transgressors shall fall therein .
for the day of the LORD is at hand , and as a destruction from the Almighty shall it come .
2 : 1 Blow ye the trumpet in Zion , and sound an alarm in my holy mountain : let all the inhabitants of the land tremble : for the day of the LORD cometh , for it is nigh at hand ; 2 : 2 A day of darkness and of gloominess , a day of clouds and of thick darkness , as the morning spread upon the mountains : a great people and a strong ; there hath not been ever the like , neither shall be any more after it , even to the years of many generations .
2 : 3 A fire devoureth before them ; and behind them a flame burneth : the land is as the garden of Eden before them , and behind them a desolate wilderness ; yea , and nothing shall escape them .
2 : 4 The appearance of them is as the appearance of horses ; and as horsemen , so shall they run .
2 : 5 Like the noise of chariots on the tops of mountains shall they leap , like the noise of a flame of fire that devoureth the stubble , as a strong people set in battle array .
2 : 6 Before their face the people shall be much pained : all faces shall gather blackness .
2 : 7 They shall run like mighty men ; they shall climb the wall like men of war ; and they shall march every one on his ways , and they shall not break their ranks : 2 : 8 Neither shall one thrust another ; they shall walk every one in his path : and when they fall upon the sword , they shall not be wounded .
2 : 9 They shall run to and fro in the city ; they shall run upon the wall , they shall climb up upon the houses ; they shall enter in at the windows like a thief .
2 : 10 The earth shall quake before them ; the heavens shall tremble : the sun and the moon shall be dark , and the stars shall withdraw their shining : 2 : 11 And the LORD shall utter his voice before his army : for his camp is very great : for he is strong that executeth his word : for the day of the LORD is great and very terrible ; and who can abide it ?
2 : 19 Yea , the LORD will answer and say unto his people , Behold , I will send you corn , and wine , and oil , and ye shall be satisfied therewith : and I will no more make you a reproach among the heathen : 2 : 20 But I will remove far off from you the northern army , and will drive him into a land barren and desolate , with his face toward the east sea , and his hinder part toward the utmost sea , and his stink shall come up , and his ill savour shall come up , because he hath done great things .
2 : 24 And the floors shall be full of wheat , and the vats shall overflow with wine and oil .
2 : 26 And ye shall eat in plenty , and be satisfied , and praise the name of the LORD your God , that hath dealt wondrously with you : and my people shall never be ashamed .
2 : 27 And ye shall know that I am in the midst of Israel , and that I am the LORD your God , and none else : and my people shall never be ashamed .
2 : 28 And it shall come to pass afterward , that I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh ; and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy , your old men shall dream dreams , your young men shall see visions : 2 : 29 And also upon the servants and upon the handmaids in those days will I pour out my spirit .
2 : 31 The sun shall be turned into darkness , and the moon into blood , before the great and terrible day of the LORD come .
2 : 32 And it shall come to pass , that whosoever shall call on the name of the LORD shall be delivered : for in mount Zion and in Jerusalem shall be deliverance , as the LORD hath said , and in the remnant whom the LORD shall call .
3 : 1 For , behold , in those days , and in that time , when I shall bring again the captivity of Judah and Jerusalem , 3 : 2 I will also gather all nations , and will bring them down into the valley of Jehoshaphat , and will plead with them there for my people and for my heritage Israel , whom they have scattered among the nations , and parted my land .
3 : 7 Behold , I will raise them out of the place whither ye have sold them , and will return your recompence upon your own head : 3 : 8 And I will sell your sons and your daughters into the hand of the children of Judah , and they shall sell them to the Sabeans , to a people far off : for the LORD hath spoken it .
3 : 15 The sun and the moon shall be darkened , and the stars shall withdraw their shining .
3 : 16 The LORD also shall roar out of Zion , and utter his voice from Jerusalem ; and the heavens and the earth shall shake : but the LORD will be the hope of his people , and the strength of the children of Israel .
3 : 17 So shall ye know that I am the LORD your God dwelling in Zion , my holy mountain : then shall Jerusalem be holy , and there shall no strangers pass through her any more .
3 : 18 And it shall come to pass in that day , that the mountains shall drop down new wine , and the hills shall flow with milk , and all the rivers of Judah shall flow with waters , and a fountain shall come forth out of the house of the LORD , and shall water the valley of Shittim .
3 : 19 Egypt shall be a desolation , and Edom shall be a desolate wilderness , for the violence against the children of Judah , because they have shed innocent blood in their land .
3 : 20 But Judah shall dwell for ever , and Jerusalem from generation to generation .
1 : 2 And he said , The LORD will roar from Zion , and utter his voice from Jerusalem ; and the habitations of the shepherds shall mourn , and the top of Carmel shall wither .
1 : 3 Thus saith the LORD ; For three transgressions of Damascus , and for four , I will not turn away the punishment thereof ; because they have threshed Gilead with threshing instruments of iron : 1 : 4 But I will send a fire into the house of Hazael , which shall devour the palaces of Benhadad .
1 : 5 I will break also the bar of Damascus , and cut off the inhabitant from the plain of Aven , and him that holdeth the sceptre from the house of Eden : and the people of Syria shall go into captivity unto Kir , saith the LORD .
1 : 6 Thus saith the LORD ; For three transgressions of Gaza , and for four , I will not turn away the punishment thereof ; because they carried away captive the whole captivity , to deliver them up to Edom : 1 : 7 But I will send a fire on the wall of Gaza , which shall devour the palaces thereof : 1 : 8 And I will cut off the inhabitant from Ashdod , and him that holdeth the sceptre from Ashkelon , and I will turn mine hand against Ekron : and the remnant of the Philistines shall perish , saith the Lord GOD .
1 : 9 Thus saith the LORD ; For three transgressions of Tyrus , and for four , I will not turn away the punishment thereof ; because they delivered up the whole captivity to Edom , and remembered not the brotherly covenant : 1 : 10 But I will send a fire on the wall of Tyrus , which shall devour the palaces thereof .
1 : 11 Thus saith the LORD ; For three transgressions of Edom , and for four , I will not turn away the punishment thereof ; because he did pursue his brother with the sword , and did cast off all pity , and his anger did tear perpetually , and he kept his wrath for ever : 1 : 12 But I will send a fire upon Teman , which shall devour the palaces of Bozrah .
1 : 13 Thus saith the LORD ; For three transgressions of the children of Ammon , and for four , I will not turn away the punishment thereof ; because they have ripped up the women with child of Gilead , that they might enlarge their border : 1 : 14 But I will kindle a fire in the wall of Rabbah , and it shall devour the palaces thereof , with shouting in the day of battle , with a tempest in the day of the whirlwind : 1 : 15 And their king shall go into captivity , he and his princes together , saith the LORD .
2 : 1 Thus saith the LORD ; For three transgressions of Moab , and for four , I will not turn away the punishment thereof ; because he burned the bones of the king of Edom into lime : 2 : 2 But I will send a fire upon Moab , and it shall devour the palaces of Kirioth : and Moab shall die with tumult , with shouting , and with the sound of the trumpet : 2 : 3 And I will cut off the judge from the midst thereof , and will slay all the princes thereof with him , saith the LORD .
2 : 4 Thus saith the LORD ; For three transgressions of Judah , and for four , I will not turn away the punishment thereof ; because they have despised the law of the LORD , and have not kept his commandments , and their lies caused them to err , after the which their fathers have walked : 2 : 5 But I will send a fire upon Judah , and it shall devour the palaces of Jerusalem .
2 : 14 Therefore the flight shall perish from the swift , and the strong shall not strengthen his force , neither shall the mighty deliver himself : 2 : 15 Neither shall he stand that handleth the bow ; and he that is swift of foot shall not deliver himself : neither shall he that rideth the horse deliver himself .
2 : 16 And he that is courageous among the mighty shall flee away naked in that day , saith the LORD .
shall one take up a snare from the earth , and have taken nothing at all ?
3 : 6 Shall a trumpet be blown in the city , and the people not be afraid ?
shall there be evil in a city , and the LORD hath not done it ?
3 : 11 Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD ; An adversary there shall be even round about the land ; and he shall bring down thy strength from thee , and thy palaces shall be spoiled .
3 : 12 Thus saith the LORD ; As the shepherd taketh out of the mouth of the lion two legs , or a piece of an ear ; so shall the children of Israel be taken out that dwell in Samaria in the corner of a bed , and in Damascus in a couch .
3 : 13 Hear ye , and testify in the house of Jacob , saith the Lord GOD , the God of hosts , 3 : 14 That in the day that I shall visit the transgressions of Israel upon him I will also visit the altars of Bethel : and the horns of the altar shall be cut off , and fall to the ground .
3 : 15 And I will smite the winter house with the summer house ; and the houses of ivory shall perish , and the great houses shall have an end , saith the LORD .
4 : 2 The Lord GOD hath sworn by his holiness , that , lo , the days shall come upon you , that he will take you away with hooks , and your posterity with fishhooks .
4 : 3 And ye shall go out at the breaches , every cow at that which is before her ; and ye shall cast them into the palace , saith the LORD .
5 : 2 The virgin of Israel is fallen ; she shall no more rise : she is forsaken upon her land ; there is none to raise her up .
5 : 3 For thus saith the Lord GOD ; The city that went out by a thousand shall leave an hundred , and that which went forth by an hundred shall leave ten , to the house of Israel .
5 : 4 For thus saith the LORD unto the house of Israel , Seek ye me , and ye shall live : 5 : 5 But seek not Bethel , nor enter into Gilgal , and pass not to Beersheba : for Gilgal shall surely go into captivity , and Bethel shall come to nought .
5 : 6 Seek the LORD , and ye shall live ; lest he break out like fire in the house of Joseph , and devour it , and there be none to quench it in Bethel .
5 : 7 Ye who turn judgment to wormwood , and leave off righteousness in the earth , 5 : 8 Seek him that maketh the seven stars and Orion , and turneth the shadow of death into the morning , and maketh the day dark with night : that calleth for the waters of the sea , and poureth them out upon the face of the earth : The LORD is his name : 5 : 9 That strengtheneth the spoiled against the strong , so that the spoiled shall come against the fortress .
5 : 11 Forasmuch therefore as your treading is upon the poor , and ye take from him burdens of wheat : ye have built houses of hewn stone , but ye shall not dwell in them ; ye have planted pleasant vineyards , but ye shall not drink wine of them .
5 : 13 Therefore the prudent shall keep silence in that time ; for it is an evil time .
5 : 14 Seek good , and not evil , that ye may live : and so the LORD , the God of hosts , shall be with you , as ye have spoken .
5 : 16 Therefore the LORD , the God of hosts , the LORD , saith thus ; Wailing shall be in all streets ; and they shall say in all the highways , Alas !
and they shall call the husbandman to mourning , and such as are skilful of lamentation to wailing .
5 : 17 And in all vineyards shall be wailing : for I will pass through thee , saith the LORD .
5 : 20 Shall not the day of the LORD be darkness , and not light ?
6 : 7 Therefore now shall they go captive with the first that go captive , and the banquet of them that stretched themselves shall be removed .
6 : 9 And it shall come to pass , if there remain ten men in one house , that they shall die .
6 : 10 And a man ' s uncle shall take him up , and he that burneth him , to bring out the bones out of the house , and shall say unto him that is by the sides of the house , Is there yet any with thee ?
and he shall say , No .
Then shall he say , Hold thy tongue : for we may not make mention of the name of the LORD .
6 : 12 Shall horses run upon the rock ?
6 : 14 But , behold , I will raise up against you a nation , O house of Israel , saith the LORD the God of hosts ; and they shall afflict you from the entering in of Hemath unto the river of the wilderness .
7 : 2 And it came to pass , that when they had made an end of eating the grass of the land , then I said , O Lord GOD , forgive , I beseech thee : by whom shall Jacob arise ?
7 : 3 The LORD repented for this : It shall not be , saith the LORD .
7 : 5 Then said I , O Lord GOD , cease , I beseech thee : by whom shall Jacob arise ?
7 : 6 The LORD repented for this : This also shall not be , saith the Lord GOD .
Then said the LORD , Behold , I will set a plumbline in the midst of my people Israel : I will not again pass by them any more : 7 : 9 And the high places of Isaac shall be desolate , and the sanctuaries of Israel shall be laid waste ; and I will rise against the house of Jeroboam with the sword .
7 : 11 For thus Amos saith , Jeroboam shall die by the sword , and Israel shall surely be led away captive out of their own land .
7 : 17 Therefore thus saith the LORD ; Thy wife shall be an harlot in the city , and thy sons and thy daughters shall fall by the sword , and thy land shall be divided by line ; and thou shalt die in a polluted land : and Israel shall surely go into captivity forth of his land .
8 : 3 And the songs of the temple shall be howlings in that day , saith the Lord GOD : there shall be many dead bodies in every place ; they shall cast them forth with silence .
8 : 8 Shall not the land tremble for this , and every one mourn that dwelleth therein ?
and it shall rise up wholly as a flood ; and it shall be cast out and drowned , as by the flood of Egypt .
8 : 9 And it shall come to pass in that day , saith the Lord GOD , that I will cause the sun to go down at noon , and I will darken the earth in the clear day : 8 : 10 And I will turn your feasts into mourning , and all your songs into lamentation ; and I will bring up sackcloth upon all loins , and baldness upon every head ; and I will make it as the mourning of an only son , and the end thereof as a bitter day .
8 : 11 Behold , the days come , saith the Lord GOD , that I will send a famine in the land , not a famine of bread , nor a thirst for water , but of hearing the words of the LORD : 8 : 12 And they shall wander from sea to sea , and from the north even to the east , they shall run to and fro to seek the word of the LORD , and shall not find it .
8 : 13 In that day shall the fair virgins and young men faint for thirst .
8 : 14 They that swear by the sin of Samaria , and say , Thy god , O Dan , liveth ; and , The manner of Beersheba liveth ; even they shall fall , and never rise up again .
9 : 1 I saw the LORD standing upon the altar : and he said , Smite the lintel of the door , that the posts may shake : and cut them in the head , all of them ; and I will slay the last of them with the sword : he that fleeth of them shall not flee away , and he that escapeth of them shall not be delivered .
9 : 2 Though they dig into hell , thence shall mine hand take them ; though they climb up to heaven , thence will I bring them down : 9 : 3 And though they hide themselves in the top of Carmel , I will search and take them out thence ; and though they be hid from my sight in the bottom of the sea , thence will I command the serpent , and he shall bite them : 9 : 4 And though they go into captivity before their enemies , thence will I command the sword , and it shall slay them : and I will set mine eyes upon them for evil , and not for good .
9 : 5 And the Lord GOD of hosts is he that toucheth the land , and it shall melt , and all that dwell therein shall mourn : and it shall rise up wholly like a flood ; and shall be drowned , as by the flood of Egypt .
9 : 9 For , lo , I will command , and I will sift the house of Israel among all nations , like as corn is sifted in a sieve , yet shall not the least grain fall upon the earth .
9 : 10 All the sinners of my people shall die by the sword , which say , The evil shall not overtake nor prevent us .
9 : 13 Behold , the days come , saith the LORD , that the plowman shall overtake the reaper , and the treader of grapes him that soweth seed ; and the mountains shall drop sweet wine , and all the hills shall melt .
9 : 14 And I will bring again the captivity of my people of Israel , and they shall build the waste cities , and inhabit them ; and they shall plant vineyards , and drink the wine thereof ; they shall also make gardens , and eat the fruit of them .
9 : 15 And I will plant them upon their land , and they shall no more be pulled up out of their land which I have given them , saith the LORD thy God .
1 : 3 The pride of thine heart hath deceived thee , thou that dwellest in the clefts of the rock , whose habitation is high ; that saith in his heart , Who shall bring me down to the ground ?
1 : 8 Shall I not in that day , saith the LORD , even destroy the wise men out of Edom , and understanding out of the mount of Esau ?
1 : 9 And thy mighty men , O Teman , shall be dismayed , to the end that every one of the mount of Esau may be cut off by slaughter .
1 : 10 For thy violence against thy brother Jacob shame shall cover thee , and thou shalt be cut off for ever .
1 : 15 For the day of the LORD is near upon all the heathen : as thou hast done , it shall be done unto thee : thy reward shall return upon thine own head .
1 : 16 For as ye have drunk upon my holy mountain , so shall all the heathen drink continually , yea , they shall drink , and they shall swallow down , and they shall be as though they had not been .
1 : 17 But upon mount Zion shall be deliverance , and there shall be holiness ; and the house of Jacob shall possess their possessions .
1 : 18 And the house of Jacob shall be a fire , and the house of Joseph a flame , and the house of Esau for stubble , and they shall kindle in them , and devour them ; and there shall not be any remaining of the house of Esau ; for the LORD hath spoken it .
1 : 19 And they of the south shall possess the mount of Esau ; and they of the plain the Philistines : and they shall possess the fields of Ephraim , and the fields of Samaria : and Benjamin shall possess Gilead .
1 : 20 And the captivity of this host of the children of Israel shall possess that of the Canaanites , even unto Zarephath ; and the captivity of Jerusalem , which is in Sepharad , shall possess the cities of the south .
1 : 21 And saviours shall come up on mount Zion to judge the mount of Esau ; and the kingdom shall be the LORD ' s .
1 : 11 Then said they unto him , What shall we do unto thee , that the sea may be calm unto us ?
1 : 12 And he said unto them , Take me up , and cast me forth into the sea ; so shall the sea be calm unto you : for I know that for my sake this great tempest is upon you .
3 : 4 And Jonah began to enter into the city a day ' s journey , and he cried , and said , Yet forty days , and Nineveh shall be overthrown .
1 : 4 And the mountains shall be molten under him , and the valleys shall be cleft , as wax before the fire , and as the waters that are poured down a steep place .
1 : 7 And all the graven images thereof shall be beaten to pieces , and all the hires thereof shall be burned with the fire , and all the idols thereof will I lay desolate : for she gathered it of the hire of an harlot , and they shall return to the hire of an harlot .
1 : 11 Pass ye away , thou inhabitant of Saphir , having thy shame naked : the inhabitant of Zaanan came not forth in the mourning of Bethezel ; he shall receive of you his standing .
1 : 14 Therefore shalt thou give presents to Moreshethgath : the houses of Achzib shall be a lie to the kings of Israel .
1 : 15 Yet will I bring an heir unto thee , O inhabitant of Mareshah : he shall come unto Adullam the glory of Israel .
2 : 3 Therefore thus saith the LORD ; Behold , against this family do I devise an evil , from which ye shall not remove your necks ; neither shall ye go haughtily : for this time is evil .
2 : 4 In that day shall one take up a parable against you , and lament with a doleful lamentation , and say , We be utterly spoiled : he hath changed the portion of my people : how hath he removed it from me !
2 : 5 Therefore thou shalt have none that shall cast a cord by lot in the congregation of the LORD .
2 : 6 Prophesy ye not , say they to them that prophesy : they shall not prophesy to them , that they shall not take shame .
2 : 10 Arise ye , and depart ; for this is not your rest : because it is polluted , it shall destroy you , even with a sore destruction .
2 : 11 If a man walking in the spirit and falsehood do lie , saying , I will prophesy unto thee of wine and of strong drink ; he shall even be the prophet of this people .
2 : 12 I will surely assemble , O Jacob , all of thee ; I will surely gather the remnant of Israel ; I will put them together as the sheep of Bozrah , as the flock in the midst of their fold : they shall make great noise by reason of the multitude of men .
2 : 13 The breaker is come up before them : they have broken up , and have passed through the gate , and are gone out by it : and their king shall pass before them , and the LORD on the head of them .
3 : 4 Then shall they cry unto the LORD , but he will not hear them : he will even hide his face from them at that time , as they have behaved themselves ill in their doings .
3 : 6 Therefore night shall be unto you , that ye shall not have a vision ; and it shall be dark unto you , that ye shall not divine ; and the sun shall go down over the prophets , and the day shall be dark over them .
3 : 7 Then shall the seers be ashamed , and the diviners confounded : yea , they shall all cover their lips ; for there is no answer of God .
3 : 12 Therefore shall Zion for your sake be plowed as a field , and Jerusalem shall become heaps , and the mountain of the house as the high places of the forest .
4 : 1 But in the last days it shall come to pass , that the mountain of the house of the LORD shall be established in the top of the mountains , and it shall be exalted above the hills ; and people shall flow unto it .
4 : 2 And many nations shall come , and say , Come , and let us go up to the mountain of the LORD , and to the house of the God of Jacob ; and he will teach us of his ways , and we will walk in his paths : for the law shall go forth of Zion , and the word of the LORD from Jerusalem .
4 : 3 And he shall judge among many people , and rebuke strong nations afar off ; and they shall beat their swords into plowshares , and their spears into pruninghooks : nation shall not lift up a sword against nation , neither shall they learn war any more .
4 : 4 But they shall sit every man under his vine and under his fig tree ; and none shall make them afraid : for the mouth of the LORD of hosts hath spoken it .
4 : 6 In that day , saith the LORD , will I assemble her that halteth , and I will gather her that is driven out , and her that I have afflicted ; 4 : 7 And I will make her that halted a remnant , and her that was cast far off a strong nation : and the LORD shall reign over them in mount Zion from henceforth , even for ever .
4 : 8 And thou , O tower of the flock , the strong hold of the daughter of Zion , unto thee shall it come , even the first dominion ; the kingdom shall come to the daughter of Jerusalem .
4 : 10 Be in pain , and labour to bring forth , O daughter of Zion , like a woman in travail : for now shalt thou go forth out of the city , and thou shalt dwell in the field , and thou shalt go even to Babylon ; there shalt thou be delivered ; there the LORD shall redeem thee from the hand of thine enemies .
4 : 12 But they know not the thoughts of the LORD , neither understand they his counsel : for he shall gather them as the sheaves into the floor .
5 : 1 Now gather thyself in troops , O daughter of troops : he hath laid siege against us : they shall smite the judge of Israel with a rod upon the cheek .
5 : 2 But thou , Bethlehem Ephratah , though thou be little among the thousands of Judah , yet out of thee shall he come forth unto me that is to be ruler in Israel ; whose goings forth have been from of old , from everlasting .
5 : 3 Therefore will he give them up , until the time that she which travaileth hath brought forth : then the remnant of his brethren shall return unto the children of Israel .
5 : 4 And he shall stand and feed in the strength of the LORD , in the majesty of the name of the LORD his God ; and they shall abide : for now shall he be great unto the ends of the earth .
5 : 5 And this man shall be the peace , when the Assyrian shall come into our land : and when he shall tread in our palaces , then shall we raise against him seven shepherds , and eight principal men .
5 : 6 And they shall waste the land of Assyria with the sword , and the land of Nimrod in the entrances thereof : thus shall he deliver us from the Assyrian , when he cometh into our land , and when he treadeth within our borders .
5 : 7 And the remnant of Jacob shall be in the midst of many people as a dew from the LORD , as the showers upon the grass , that tarrieth not for man , nor waiteth for the sons of men .
5 : 8 And the remnant of Jacob shall be among the Gentiles in the midst of many people as a lion among the beasts of the forest , as a young lion among the flocks of sheep : who , if he go through , both treadeth down , and teareth in pieces , and none can deliver .
5 : 9 Thine hand shall be lifted up upon thine adversaries , and all thine enemies shall be cut off .
5 : 10 And it shall come to pass in that day , saith the LORD , that I will cut off thy horses out of the midst of thee , and I will destroy thy chariots : 5 : 11 And I will cut off the cities of thy land , and throw down all thy strong holds : 5 : 12 And I will cut off witchcrafts out of thine hand ; and thou shalt have no more soothsayers : 5 : 13 Thy graven images also will I cut off , and thy standing images out of the midst of thee ; and thou shalt no more worship the work of thine hands .
6 : 6 Wherewith shall I come before the LORD , and bow myself before the high God ?
shall I come before him with burnt offerings , with calves of a year old ?
shall I give my firstborn for my transgression , the fruit of my body for the sin of my soul ?
6 : 9 The LORD ' s voice crieth unto the city , and the man of wisdom shall see thy name : hear ye the rod , and who hath appointed it .
6 : 11 Shall I count them pure with the wicked balances , and with the bag of deceitful weights ?
6 : 14 Thou shalt eat , but not be satisfied ; and thy casting down shall be in the midst of thee ; and thou shalt take hold , but shalt not deliver ; and that which thou deliverest will I give up to the sword .
6 : 16 For the statutes of Omri are kept , and all the works of the house of Ahab , and ye walk in their counsels ; that I should make thee a desolation , and the inhabitants thereof an hissing : therefore ye shall bear the reproach of my people .
7 : 4 The best of them is as a brier : the most upright is sharper than a thorn hedge : the day of thy watchmen and thy visitation cometh ; now shall be their perplexity .
7 : 8 Rejoice not against me , O mine enemy : when I fall , I shall arise ; when I sit in darkness , the LORD shall be a light unto me .
7 : 9 I will bear the indignation of the LORD , because I have sinned against him , until he plead my cause , and execute judgment for me : he will bring me forth to the light , and I shall behold his righteousness .
7 : 10 Then she that is mine enemy shall see it , and shame shall cover her which said unto me , Where is the LORD thy God ?
mine eyes shall behold her : now shall she be trodden down as the mire of the streets .
7 : 11 In the day that thy walls are to be built , in that day shall the decree be far removed .
7 : 12 In that day also he shall come even to thee from Assyria , and from the fortified cities , and from the fortress even to the river , and from sea to sea , and from mountain to mountain .
7 : 13 Notwithstanding the land shall be desolate because of them that dwell therein , for the fruit of their doings .
7 : 16 The nations shall see and be confounded at all their might : they shall lay their hand upon their mouth , their ears shall be deaf .
7 : 17 They shall lick the dust like a serpent , they shall move out of their holes like worms of the earth : they shall be afraid of the LORD our God , and shall fear because of thee .
1 : 8 But with an overrunning flood he will make an utter end of the place thereof , and darkness shall pursue his enemies .
he will make an utter end : affliction shall not rise up the second time .
1 : 10 For while they be folden together as thorns , and while they are drunken as drunkards , they shall be devoured as stubble fully dry .
1 : 12 Thus saith the LORD ; Though they be quiet , and likewise many , yet thus shall they be cut down , when he shall pass through .
O Judah , keep thy solemn feasts , perform thy vows : for the wicked shall no more pass through thee ; he is utterly cut off .
2 : 3 The shield of his mighty men is made red , the valiant men are in scarlet : the chariots shall be with flaming torches in the day of his preparation , and the fir trees shall be terribly shaken .
2 : 4 The chariots shall rage in the streets , they shall justle one against another in the broad ways : they shall seem like torches , they shall run like the lightnings .
2 : 5 He shall recount his worthies : they shall stumble in their walk ; they shall make haste to the wall thereof , and the defence shall be prepared .
2 : 6 The gates of the rivers shall be opened , and the palace shall be dissolved .
2 : 7 And Huzzab shall be led away captive , she shall be brought up , and her maids shall lead her as with the voice of doves , tabering upon their breasts .
2 : 8 But Nineveh is of old like a pool of water : yet they shall flee away .
Stand , stand , shall they cry ; but none shall look back .
2 : 13 Behold , I am against thee , saith the LORD of hosts , and I will burn her chariots in the smoke , and the sword shall devour thy young lions : and I will cut off thy prey from the earth , and the voice of thy messengers shall no more be heard .
3 : 7 And it shall come to pass , that all they that look upon thee shall flee from thee , and say , Nineveh is laid waste : who will bemoan her ?
whence shall I seek comforters for thee ?
3 : 12 All thy strong holds shall be like fig trees with the firstripe figs : if they be shaken , they shall even fall into the mouth of the eater .
3 : 13 Behold , thy people in the midst of thee are women : the gates of thy land shall be set wide open unto thine enemies : the fire shall devour thy bars .
3 : 15 There shall the fire devour thee ; the sword shall cut thee off , it shall eat thee up like the cankerworm : make thyself many as the cankerworm , make thyself many as the locusts .
3 : 18 Thy shepherds slumber , O king of Assyria : thy nobles shall dwell in the dust : thy people is scattered upon the mountains , and no man gathereth them .
3 : 19 There is no healing of thy bruise ; thy wound is grievous : all that hear the bruit of thee shall clap the hands over thee : for upon whom hath not thy wickedness passed continually ?
1 : 2 O LORD , how long shall I cry , and thou wilt not hear !
1 : 6 For , lo , I raise up the Chaldeans , that bitter and hasty nation , which shall march through the breadth of the land , to possess the dwellingplaces that are not their ' s .
1 : 7 They are terrible and dreadful : their judgment and their dignity shall proceed of themselves .
1 : 8 Their horses also are swifter than the leopards , and are more fierce than the evening wolves : and their horsemen shall spread themselves , and their horsemen shall come from far ; they shall fly as the eagle that hasteth to eat .
1 : 9 They shall come all for violence : their faces shall sup up as the east wind , and they shall gather the captivity as the sand .
1 : 10 And they shall scoff at the kings , and the princes shall be a scorn unto them : they shall deride every strong hold ; for they shall heap dust , and take it .
1 : 11 Then shall his mind change , and he shall pass over , and offend , imputing this his power unto his god .
we shall not die .
1 : 17 Shall they therefore empty their net , and not spare continually to slay the nations ?
2 : 1 I will stand upon my watch , and set me upon the tower , and will watch to see what he will say unto me , and what I shall answer when I am reproved .
2 : 3 For the vision is yet for an appointed time , but at the end it shall speak , and not lie : though it tarry , wait for it ; because it will surely come , it will not tarry .
2 : 4 Behold , his soul which is lifted up is not upright in him : but the just shall live by his faith .
2 : 5 Yea also , because he transgresseth by wine , he is a proud man , neither keepeth at home , who enlargeth his desire as hell , and is as death , and cannot be satisfied , but gathereth unto him all nations , and heapeth unto him all people : 2 : 6 Shall not all these take up a parable against him , and a taunting proverb against him , and say , Woe to him that increaseth that which is not his !
2 : 7 Shall they not rise up suddenly that shall bite thee , and awake that shall vex thee , and thou shalt be for booties unto them ?
2 : 8 Because thou hast spoiled many nations , all the remnant of the people shall spoil thee ; because of men ' s blood , and for the violence of the land , of the city , and of all that dwell therein .
2 : 11 For the stone shall cry out of the wall , and the beam out of the timber shall answer it .
2 : 13 Behold , is it not of the LORD of hosts that the people shall labour in the very fire , and the people shall weary themselves for very vanity ?
2 : 14 For the earth shall be filled with the knowledge of the glory of the LORD , as the waters cover the sea .
2 : 16 Thou art filled with shame for glory : drink thou also , and let thy foreskin be uncovered : the cup of the LORD ' s right hand shall be turned unto thee , and shameful spewing shall be on thy glory .
2 : 17 For the violence of Lebanon shall cover thee , and the spoil of beasts , which made them afraid , because of men ' s blood , and for the violence of the land , of the city , and of all that dwell therein .
2 : 19 Woe unto him that saith to the wood , Awake ; to the dumb stone , Arise , it shall teach !
3 : 17 Although the fig tree shall not blossom , neither shall fruit be in the vines ; the labour of the olive shall fail , and the fields shall yield no meat ; the flock shall be cut off from the fold , and there shall be no herd in the stalls : 3 : 18 Yet I will rejoice in the LORD , I will joy in the God of my salvation .
1 : 8 And it shall come to pass in the day of the LORD ' s sacrifice , that I will punish the princes , and the king ' s children , and all such as are clothed with strange apparel .
1 : 10 And it shall come to pass in that day , saith the LORD , that there shall be the noise of a cry from the fish gate , and an howling from the second , and a great crashing from the hills .
1 : 12 And it shall come to pass at that time , that I will search Jerusalem with candles , and punish the men that are settled on their lees : that say in their heart , The LORD will not do good , neither will he do evil .
1 : 13 Therefore their goods shall become a booty , and their houses a desolation : they shall also build houses , but not inhabit them ; and they shall plant vineyards , but not drink the wine thereof .
1 : 14 The great day of the LORD is near , it is near , and hasteth greatly , even the voice of the day of the LORD : the mighty man shall cry there bitterly .
1 : 17 And I will bring distress upon men , that they shall walk like blind men , because they have sinned against the LORD : and their blood shall be poured out as dust , and their flesh as the dung .
1 : 18 Neither their silver nor their gold shall be able to deliver them in the day of the LORD ' s wrath ; but the whole land shall be devoured by the fire of his jealousy : for he shall make even a speedy riddance of all them that dwell in the land .
2 : 3 Seek ye the LORD , all ye meek of the earth , which have wrought his judgment ; seek righteousness , seek meekness : it may be ye shall be hid in the day of the LORD ' s anger .
2 : 4 For Gaza shall be forsaken , and Ashkelon a desolation : they shall drive out Ashdod at the noon day , and Ekron shall be rooted up .
the word of the LORD is against you ; O Canaan , the land of the Philistines , I will even destroy thee , that there shall be no inhabitant .
2 : 6 And the sea coast shall be dwellings and cottages for shepherds , and folds for flocks .
2 : 7 And the coast shall be for the remnant of the house of Judah ; they shall feed thereupon : in the houses of Ashkelon shall they lie down in the evening : for the LORD their God shall visit them , and turn away their captivity .
2 : 9 Therefore as I live , saith the LORD of hosts , the God of Israel , Surely Moab shall be as Sodom , and the children of Ammon as Gomorrah , even the breeding of nettles , and saltpits , and a perpetual desolation : the residue of my people shall spoil them , and the remnant of my people shall possess them .
2 : 10 This shall they have for their pride , because they have reproached and magnified themselves against the people of the LORD of hosts .
2 : 11 The LORD will be terrible unto them : for he will famish all the gods of the earth ; and men shall worship him , every one from his place , even all the isles of the heathen .
2 : 12 Ye Ethiopians also , ye shall be slain by my sword .
2 : 14 And flocks shall lie down in the midst of her , all the beasts of the nations : both the cormorant and the bittern shall lodge in the upper lintels of it ; their voice shall sing in the windows ; desolation shall be in the thresholds ; for he shall uncover the cedar work .
every one that passeth by her shall hiss , and wag his hand .
3 : 8 Therefore wait ye upon me , saith the LORD , until the day that I rise up to the prey : for my determination is to gather the nations , that I may assemble the kingdoms , to pour upon them mine indignation , even all my fierce anger : for all the earth shall be devoured with the fire of my jealousy .
3 : 10 From beyond the rivers of Ethiopia my suppliants , even the daughter of my dispersed , shall bring mine offering .
3 : 12 I will also leave in the midst of thee an afflicted and poor people , and they shall trust in the name of the LORD .
3 : 13 The remnant of Israel shall not do iniquity , nor speak lies ; neither shall a deceitful tongue be found in their mouth : for they shall feed and lie down , and none shall make them afraid .
3 : 16 In that day it shall be said to Jerusalem , Fear thou not : and to Zion , Let not thine hands be slack .
2 : 6 For thus saith the LORD of hosts ; Yet once , it is a little while , and I will shake the heavens , and the earth , and the sea , and the dry land ; 2 : 7 And I will shake all nations , and the desire of all nations shall come : and I will fill this house with glory , saith the LORD of hosts .
2 : 9 The glory of this latter house shall be greater than of the former , saith the LORD of hosts : and in this place will I give peace , saith the LORD of hosts .
2 : 10 In the four and twentieth day of the ninth month , in the second year of Darius , came the word of the LORD by Haggai the prophet , saying , 2 : 11 Thus saith the LORD of hosts ; Ask now the priests concerning the law , saying , 2 : 12 If one bear holy flesh in the skirt of his garment , and with his skirt do touch bread , or pottage , or wine , or oil , or any meat , shall it be holy ?
2 : 13 Then said Haggai , If one that is unclean by a dead body touch any of these , shall it be unclean ?
And the priests answered and said , It shall be unclean .
2 : 20 And again the word of the LORD came unto Haggai in the four and twentieth day of the month , saying , 2 : 21 Speak to Zerubbabel , governor of Judah , saying , I will shake the heavens and the earth ; 2 : 22 And I will overthrow the throne of kingdoms , and I will destroy the strength of the kingdoms of the heathen ; and I will overthrow the chariots , and those that ride in them ; and the horses and their riders shall come down , every one by the sword of his brother .
1 : 16 Therefore thus saith the LORD ; I am returned to Jerusalem with mercies : my house shall be built in it , saith the LORD of hosts , and a line shall be stretched forth upon Jerusalem .
1 : 17 Cry yet , saying , Thus saith the LORD of hosts ; My cities through prosperity shall yet be spread abroad ; and the LORD shall yet comfort Zion , and shall yet choose Jerusalem .
2 : 3 And , behold , the angel that talked with me went forth , and another angel went out to meet him , 2 : 4 And said unto him , Run , speak to this young man , saying , Jerusalem shall be inhabited as towns without walls for the multitude of men and cattle therein : 2 : 5 For I , saith the LORD , will be unto her a wall of fire round about , and will be the glory in the midst of her .
2 : 9 For , behold , I will shake mine hand upon them , and they shall be a spoil to their servants : and ye shall know that the LORD of hosts hath sent me .
2 : 11 And many nations shall be joined to the LORD in that day , and shall be my people : and I will dwell in the midst of thee , and thou shalt know that the LORD of hosts hath sent me unto thee .
2 : 12 And the LORD shall inherit Judah his portion in the holy land , and shall choose Jerusalem again .
3 : 9 For behold the stone that I have laid before Joshua ; upon one stone shall be seven eyes : behold , I will engrave the graving thereof , saith the LORD of hosts , and I will remove the iniquity of that land in one day .
3 : 10 In that day , saith the LORD of hosts , shall ye call every man his neighbour under the vine and under the fig tree .
before Zerubbabel thou shalt become a plain : and he shall bring forth the headstone thereof with shoutings , crying , Grace , grace unto it .
4 : 8 Moreover the word of the LORD came unto me , saying , 4 : 9 The hands of Zerubbabel have laid the foundation of this house ; his hands shall also finish it ; and thou shalt know that the LORD of hosts hath sent me unto you .
for they shall rejoice , and shall see the plummet in the hand of Zerubbabel with those seven ; they are the eyes of the LORD , which run to and fro through the whole earth .
5 : 3 Then said he unto me , This is the curse that goeth forth over the face of the whole earth : for every one that stealeth shall be cut off as on this side according to it ; and every one that sweareth shall be cut off as on that side according to it .
5 : 4 I will bring it forth , saith the LORD of hosts , and it shall enter into the house of the thief , and into the house of him that sweareth falsely by my name : and it shall remain in the midst of his house , and shall consume it with the timber thereof and the stones thereof .
5 : 11 And he said unto me , To build it an house in the land of Shinar : and it shall be established , and set there upon her own base .
6 : 9 And the word of the LORD came unto me , saying , 6 : 10 Take of them of the captivity , even of Heldai , of Tobijah , and of Jedaiah , which are come from Babylon , and come thou the same day , and go into the house of Josiah the son of Zephaniah ; 6 : 11 Then take silver and gold , and make crowns , and set them upon the head of Joshua the son of Josedech , the high priest ; 6 : 12 And speak unto him , saying , Thus speaketh the LORD of hosts , saying , Behold the man whose name is The BRANCH ; and he shall grow up out of his place , and he shall build the temple of the LORD : 6 : 13 Even he shall build the temple of the LORD ; and he shall bear the glory , and shall sit and rule upon his throne ; and he shall be a priest upon his throne : and the counsel of peace shall be between them both .
6 : 14 And the crowns shall be to Helem , and to Tobijah , and to Jedaiah , and to Hen the son of Zephaniah , for a memorial in the temple of the LORD .
6 : 15 And they that are far off shall come and build in the temple of the LORD , and ye shall know that the LORD of hosts hath sent me unto you .
And this shall come to pass , if ye will diligently obey the voice of the LORD your God .
8 : 3 Thus saith the LORD ; I am returned unto Zion , and will dwell in the midst of Jerusalem : and Jerusalem shall be called a city of truth ; and the mountain of the LORD of hosts the holy mountain .
8 : 4 Thus saith the LORD of hosts ; There shall yet old men and old women dwell in the streets of Jerusalem , and every man with his staff in his hand for very age .
8 : 5 And the streets of the city shall be full of boys and girls playing in the streets thereof .
8 : 7 Thus saith the LORD of hosts ; Behold , I will save my people from the east country , and from the west country ; 8 : 8 And I will bring them , and they shall dwell in the midst of Jerusalem : and they shall be my people , and I will be their God , in truth and in righteousness .
8 : 12 For the seed shall be prosperous ; the vine shall give her fruit , and the ground shall give her increase , and the heavens shall give their dew ; and I will cause the remnant of this people to possess all these things .
8 : 13 And it shall come to pass , that as ye were a curse among the heathen , O house of Judah , and house of Israel ; so will I save you , and ye shall be a blessing : fear not , but let your hands be strong .
8 : 16 These are the things that ye shall do ; Speak ye every man the truth to his neighbour ; execute the judgment of truth and peace in your gates : 8 : 17 And let none of you imagine evil in your hearts against his neighbour ; and love no false oath : for all these are things that I hate , saith the LORD .
8 : 18 And the word of the LORD of hosts came unto me , saying , 8 : 19 Thus saith the LORD of hosts ; The fast of the fourth month , and the fast of the fifth , and the fast of the seventh , and the fast of the tenth , shall be to the house of Judah joy and gladness , and cheerful feasts ; therefore love the truth and peace .
8 : 20 Thus saith the LORD of hosts ; It shall yet come to pass , that there shall come people , and the inhabitants of many cities : 8 : 21 And the inhabitants of one city shall go to another , saying , Let us go speedily to pray before the LORD , and to seek the LORD of hosts : I will go also .
8 : 22 Yea , many people and strong nations shall come to seek the LORD of hosts in Jerusalem , and to pray before the LORD .
8 : 23 Thus saith the LORD of hosts ; In those days it shall come to pass , that ten men shall take hold out of all languages of the nations , even shall take hold of the skirt of him that is a Jew , saying , We will go with you : for we have heard that God is with you .
9 : 1 The burden of the word of the LORD in the land of Hadrach , and Damascus shall be the rest thereof : when the eyes of man , as of all the tribes of Israel , shall be toward the LORD .
9 : 2 And Hamath also shall border thereby ; Tyrus , and Zidon , though it be very wise .
9 : 4 Behold , the LORD will cast her out , and he will smite her power in the sea ; and she shall be devoured with fire .
9 : 5 Ashkelon shall see it , and fear ; Gaza also shall see it , and be very sorrowful , and Ekron ; for her expectation shall be ashamed ; and the king shall perish from Gaza , and Ashkelon shall not be inhabited .
9 : 6 And a bastard shall dwell in Ashdod , and I will cut off the pride of the Philistines .
9 : 7 And I will take away his blood out of his mouth , and his abominations from between his teeth : but he that remaineth , even he , shall be for our God , and he shall be as a governor in Judah , and Ekron as a Jebusite .
9 : 8 And I will encamp about mine house because of the army , because of him that passeth by , and because of him that returneth : and no oppressor shall pass through them any more : for now have I seen with mine eyes .
9 : 10 And I will cut off the chariot from Ephraim , and the horse from Jerusalem , and the battle bow shall be cut off : and he shall speak peace unto the heathen : and his dominion shall be from sea even to sea , and from the river even to the ends of the earth .
9 : 14 And the LORD shall be seen over them , and his arrow shall go forth as the lightning : and the LORD God shall blow the trumpet , and shall go with whirlwinds of the south .
9 : 15 The LORD of hosts shall defend them ; and they shall devour , and subdue with sling stones ; and they shall drink , and make a noise as through wine ; and they shall be filled like bowls , and as the corners of the altar .
9 : 16 And the LORD their God shall save them in that day as the flock of his people : for they shall be as the stones of a crown , lifted up as an ensign upon his land .
corn shall make the young men cheerful , and new wine the maids .
10 : 1 Ask ye of the LORD rain in the time of the latter rain ; so the LORD shall make bright clouds , and give them showers of rain , to every one grass in the field .
10 : 5 And they shall be as mighty men , which tread down their enemies in the mire of the streets in the battle : and they shall fight , because the LORD is with them , and the riders on horses shall be confounded .
10 : 6 And I will strengthen the house of Judah , and I will save the house of Joseph , and I will bring them again to place them ; for I have mercy upon them : and they shall be as though I had not cast them off : for I am the LORD their God , and will hear them .
10 : 7 And they of Ephraim shall be like a mighty man , and their heart shall rejoice as through wine : yea , their children shall see it , and be glad ; their heart shall rejoice in the LORD .
10 : 8 I will hiss for them , and gather them ; for I have redeemed them : and they shall increase as they have increased .
10 : 9 And I will sow them among the people : and they shall remember me in far countries ; and they shall live with their children , and turn again .
10 : 10 I will bring them again also out of the land of Egypt , and gather them out of Assyria ; and I will bring them into the land of Gilead and Lebanon ; and place shall not be found for them .
10 : 11 And he shall pass through the sea with affliction , and shall smite the waves in the sea , and all the deeps of the river shall dry up : and the pride of Assyria shall be brought down , and the sceptre of Egypt shall depart away .
10 : 12 And I will strengthen them in the LORD ; and they shall walk up and down in his name , saith the LORD .
11 : 6 For I will no more pity the inhabitants of the land , saith the LORD : but , lo , I will deliver the men every one into his neighbour ' s hand , and into the hand of his king : and they shall smite the land , and out of their hand I will not deliver them .
11 : 16 For , lo , I will raise up a shepherd in the land , which shall not visit those that be cut off , neither shall seek the young one , nor heal that that is broken , nor feed that that standeth still : but he shall eat the flesh of the fat , and tear their claws in pieces .
the sword shall be upon his arm , and upon his right eye : his arm shall be clean dried up , and his right eye shall be utterly darkened .
12 : 2 Behold , I will make Jerusalem a cup of trembling unto all the people round about , when they shall be in the siege both against Judah and against Jerusalem .
12 : 3 And in that day will I make Jerusalem a burdensome stone for all people : all that burden themselves with it shall be cut in pieces , though all the people of the earth be gathered together against it .
12 : 5 And the governors of Judah shall say in their heart , The inhabitants of Jerusalem shall be my strength in the LORD of hosts their God .
12 : 6 In that day will I make the governors of Judah like an hearth of fire among the wood , and like a torch of fire in a sheaf ; and they shall devour all the people round about , on the right hand and on the left : and Jerusalem shall be inhabited again in her own place , even in Jerusalem .
12 : 7 The LORD also shall save the tents of Judah first , that the glory of the house of David and the glory of the inhabitants of Jerusalem do not magnify themselves against Judah .
12 : 8 In that day shall the LORD defend the inhabitants of Jerusalem ; and he that is feeble among them at that day shall be as David ; and the house of David shall be as God , as the angel of the LORD before them .
12 : 9 And it shall come to pass in that day , that I will seek to destroy all the nations that come against Jerusalem .
12 : 10 And I will pour upon the house of David , and upon the inhabitants of Jerusalem , the spirit of grace and of supplications : and they shall look upon me whom they have pierced , and they shall mourn for him , as one mourneth for his only son , and shall be in bitterness for him , as one that is in bitterness for his firstborn .
12 : 11 In that day shall there be a great mourning in Jerusalem , as the mourning of Hadadrimmon in the valley of Megiddon .
12 : 12 And the land shall mourn , every family apart ; the family of the house of David apart , and their wives apart ; the family of the house of Nathan apart , and their wives apart ; 12 : 13 The family of the house of Levi apart , and their wives apart ; the family of Shimei apart , and their wives apart ; 12 : 14 All the families that remain , every family apart , and their wives apart .
13 : 1 In that day there shall be a fountain opened to the house of David and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem for sin and for uncleanness .
13 : 2 And it shall come to pass in that day , saith the LORD of hosts , that I will cut off the names of the idols out of the land , and they shall no more be remembered : and also I will cause the prophets and the unclean spirit to pass out of the land .
13 : 3 And it shall come to pass , that when any shall yet prophesy , then his father and his mother that begat him shall say unto him , Thou shalt not live ; for thou speakest lies in the name of the LORD : and his father and his mother that begat him shall thrust him through when he prophesieth .
13 : 4 And it shall come to pass in that day , that the prophets shall be ashamed every one of his vision , when he hath prophesied ; neither shall they wear a rough garment to deceive : 13 : 5 But he shall say , I am no prophet , I am an husbandman ; for man taught me to keep cattle from my youth .
13 : 6 And one shall say unto him , What are these wounds in thine hands ?
Then he shall answer , Those with which I was wounded in the house of my friends .
13 : 7 Awake , O sword , against my shepherd , and against the man that is my fellow , saith the LORD of hosts : smite the shepherd , and the sheep shall be scattered : and I will turn mine hand upon the little ones .
13 : 8 And it shall come to pass , that in all the land , saith the LORD , two parts therein shall be cut off and die ; but the third shall be left therein .
13 : 9 And I will bring the third part through the fire , and will refine them as silver is refined , and will try them as gold is tried : they shall call on my name , and I will hear them : I will say , It is my people : and they shall say , The LORD is my God .
14 : 1 Behold , the day of the LORD cometh , and thy spoil shall be divided in the midst of thee .
14 : 2 For I will gather all nations against Jerusalem to battle ; and the city shall be taken , and the houses rifled , and the women ravished ; and half of the city shall go forth into captivity , and the residue of the people shall not be cut off from the city .
14 : 3 Then shall the LORD go forth , and fight against those nations , as when he fought in the day of battle .
14 : 4 And his feet shall stand in that day upon the mount of Olives , which is before Jerusalem on the east , and the mount of Olives shall cleave in the midst thereof toward the east and toward the west , and there shall be a very great valley ; and half of the mountain shall remove toward the north , and half of it toward the south .
14 : 5 And ye shall flee to the valley of the mountains ; for the valley of the mountains shall reach unto Azal : yea , ye shall flee , like as ye fled from before the earthquake in the days of Uzziah king of Judah : and the LORD my God shall come , and all the saints with thee .
14 : 6 And it shall come to pass in that day , that the light shall not be clear , nor dark : 14 : 7 But it shall be one day which shall be known to the LORD , not day , nor night : but it shall come to pass , that at evening time it shall be light .
14 : 8 And it shall be in that day , that living waters shall go out from Jerusalem ; half of them toward the former sea , and half of them toward the hinder sea : in summer and in winter shall it be .
14 : 9 And the LORD shall be king over all the earth : in that day shall there be one LORD , and his name one .
14 : 10 All the land shall be turned as a plain from Geba to Rimmon south of Jerusalem : and it shall be lifted up , and inhabited in her place , from Benjamin ' s gate unto the place of the first gate , unto the corner gate , and from the tower of Hananeel unto the king ' s winepresses .
14 : 11 And men shall dwell in it , and there shall be no more utter destruction ; but Jerusalem shall be safely inhabited .
14 : 12 And this shall be the plague wherewith the LORD will smite all the people that have fought against Jerusalem ; Their flesh shall consume away while they stand upon their feet , and their eyes shall consume away in their holes , and their tongue shall consume away in their mouth .
14 : 13 And it shall come to pass in that day , that a great tumult from the LORD shall be among them ; and they shall lay hold every one on the hand of his neighbour , and his hand shall rise up against the hand of his neighbour .
14 : 14 And Judah also shall fight at Jerusalem ; and the wealth of all the heathen round about shall be gathered together , gold , and silver , and apparel , in great abundance .
14 : 15 And so shall be the plague of the horse , of the mule , of the camel , and of the ass , and of all the beasts that shall be in these tents , as this plague .
14 : 16 And it shall come to pass , that every one that is left of all the nations which came against Jerusalem shall even go up from year to year to worship the King , the LORD of hosts , and to keep the feast of tabernacles .
14 : 17 And it shall be , that whoso will not come up of all the families of the earth unto Jerusalem to worship the King , the LORD of hosts , even upon them shall be no rain .
14 : 18 And if the family of Egypt go not up , and come not , that have no rain ; there shall be the plague , wherewith the LORD will smite the heathen that come not up to keep the feast of tabernacles .
14 : 19 This shall be the punishment of Egypt , and the punishment of all nations that come not up to keep the feast of tabernacles .
14 : 20 In that day shall there be upon the bells of the horses , HOLINESS UNTO THE LORD ; and the pots in the LORD ' s house shall be like the bowls before the altar .
14 : 21 Yea , every pot in Jerusalem and in Judah shall be holiness unto the LORD of hosts : and all they that sacrifice shall come and take of them , and seethe therein : and in that day there shall be no more the Canaanite in the house of the LORD of hosts .
1 : 4 Whereas Edom saith , We are impoverished , but we will return and build the desolate places ; thus saith the LORD of hosts , They shall build , but I will throw down ; and they shall call them , The border of wickedness , and , The people against whom the LORD hath indignation for ever .
1 : 5 And your eyes shall see , and ye shall say , The LORD will be magnified from the border of Israel .
1 : 11 For from the rising of the sun even unto the going down of the same my name shall be great among the Gentiles ; and in every place incense shall be offered unto my name , and a pure offering : for my name shall be great among the heathen , saith the LORD of hosts .
2 : 3 Behold , I will corrupt your seed , and spread dung upon your faces , even the dung of your solemn feasts ; and one shall take you away with it .
2 : 4 And ye shall know that I have sent this commandment unto you , that my covenant might be with Levi , saith the LORD of hosts .
3 : 1 Behold , I will send my messenger , and he shall prepare the way before me : and the LORD , whom ye seek , shall suddenly come to his temple , even the messenger of the covenant , whom ye delight in : behold , he shall come , saith the LORD of hosts .
and who shall stand when he appeareth ?
for he is like a refiner ' s fire , and like fullers ' soap : 3 : 3 And he shall sit as a refiner and purifier of silver : and he shall purify the sons of Levi , and purge them as gold and silver , that they may offer unto the LORD an offering in righteousness .
3 : 4 Then shall the offering of Judah and Jerusalem be pleasant unto the LORD , as in the days of old , and as in former years .
But ye said , Wherein shall we return ?
3 : 10 Bring ye all the tithes into the storehouse , that there may be meat in mine house , and prove me now herewith , saith the LORD of hosts , if I will not open you the windows of heaven , and pour you out a blessing , that there shall not be room enough to receive it .
3 : 11 And I will rebuke the devourer for your sakes , and he shall not destroy the fruits of your ground ; neither shall your vine cast her fruit before the time in the field , saith the LORD of hosts .
3 : 12 And all nations shall call you blessed : for ye shall be a delightsome land , saith the LORD of hosts .
3 : 17 And they shall be mine , saith the LORD of hosts , in that day when I make up my jewels ; and I will spare them , as a man spareth his own son that serveth him .
3 : 18 Then shall ye return , and discern between the righteous and the wicked , between him that serveth God and him that serveth him not .
4 : 1 For , behold , the day cometh , that shall burn as an oven ; and all the proud , yea , and all that do wickedly , shall be stubble : and the day that cometh shall burn them up , saith the LORD of hosts , that it shall leave them neither root nor branch .
4 : 2 But unto you that fear my name shall the Sun of righteousness arise with healing in his wings ; and ye shall go forth , and grow up as calves of the stall .
4 : 3 And ye shall tread down the wicked ; for they shall be ashes under the soles of your feet in the day that I shall do this , saith the LORD of hosts .
4 : 5 Behold , I will send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the LORD : 4 : 6 And he shall turn the heart of the fathers to the children , and the heart of the children to their fathers , lest I come and smite the earth with a curse .
1 : 21 And she shall bring forth a son , and thou shalt call his name JESUS : for he shall save his people from their sins .
1 : 22 Now all this was done , that it might be fulfilled which was spoken of the Lord by the prophet , saying , 1 : 23 Behold , a virgin shall be with child , and shall bring forth a son , and they shall call his name Emmanuel , which being interpreted is , God with us .
2 : 5 And they said unto him , In Bethlehem of Judaea : for thus it is written by the prophet , 2 : 6 And thou Bethlehem , in the land of Juda , art not the least among the princes of Juda : for out of thee shall come a Governor , that shall rule my people Israel .
2 : 22 But when he heard that Archelaus did reign in Judaea in the room of his father Herod , he was afraid to go thither : notwithstanding , being warned of God in a dream , he turned aside into the parts of Galilee : 2 : 23 And he came and dwelt in a city called Nazareth : that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophets , He shall be called a Nazarene .
but he that cometh after me is mightier than I , whose shoes I am not worthy to bear : he shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost , and with fire : 3 : 12 Whose fan is in his hand , and he will throughly purge his floor , and gather his wheat into the garner ; but he will burn up the chaff with unquenchable fire .
4 : 4 But he answered and said , It is written , Man shall not live by bread alone , but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God .
4 : 5 Then the devil taketh him up into the holy city , and setteth him on a pinnacle of the temple , 4 : 6 And saith unto him , If thou be the Son of God , cast thyself down : for it is written , He shall give his angels charge concerning thee : and in their hands they shall bear thee up , lest at any time thou dash thy foot against a stone .
5 : 4 Blessed are they that mourn : for they shall be comforted .
5 : 5 Blessed are the meek : for they shall inherit the earth .
5 : 6 Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness : for they shall be filled .
5 : 7 Blessed are the merciful : for they shall obtain mercy .
5 : 8 Blessed are the pure in heart : for they shall see God .
5 : 9 Blessed are the peacemakers : for they shall be called the children of God .
5 : 11 Blessed are ye , when men shall revile you , and persecute you , and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely , for my sake .
5 : 13 Ye are the salt of the earth : but if the salt have lost his savour , wherewith shall it be salted ?
5 : 18 For verily I say unto you , Till heaven and earth pass , one jot or one tittle shall in no wise pass from the law , till all be fulfilled .
5 : 19 Whosoever therefore shall break one of these least commandments , and shall teach men so , he shall be called the least in the kingdom of heaven : but whosoever shall do and teach them , the same shall be called great in the kingdom of heaven .
5 : 20 For I say unto you , That except your righteousness shall exceed the righteousness of the scribes and Pharisees , ye shall in no case enter into the kingdom of heaven .
5 : 21 Ye have heard that it was said of them of old time , Thou shalt not kill ; and whosoever shall kill shall be in danger of the judgment : 5 : 22 But I say unto you , That whosoever is angry with his brother without a cause shall be in danger of the judgment : and whosoever shall say to his brother , Raca , shall be in danger of the council : but whosoever shall say , Thou fool , shall be in danger of hell fire .
5 : 31 It hath been said , Whosoever shall put away his wife , let him give her a writing of divorcement : 5 : 32 But I say unto you , That whosoever shall put away his wife , saving for the cause of fornication , causeth her to commit adultery : and whosoever shall marry her that is divorced committeth adultery .
5 : 38 Ye have heard that it hath been said , An eye for an eye , and a tooth for a tooth : 5 : 39 But I say unto you , That ye resist not evil : but whosoever shall smite thee on thy right cheek , turn to him the other also .
5 : 41 And whosoever shall compel thee to go a mile , go with him twain .
6 : 3 But when thou doest alms , let not thy left hand know what thy right hand doeth : 6 : 4 That thine alms may be in secret : and thy Father which seeth in secret himself shall reward thee openly .
6 : 6 But thou , when thou prayest , enter into thy closet , and when thou hast shut thy door , pray to thy Father which is in secret ; and thy Father which seeth in secret shall reward thee openly .
6 : 7 But when ye pray , use not vain repetitions , as the heathen do : for they think that they shall be heard for their much speaking .
6 : 17 But thou , when thou fastest , anoint thine head , and wash thy face ; 6 : 18 That thou appear not unto men to fast , but unto thy Father which is in secret : and thy Father , which seeth in secret , shall reward thee openly .
6 : 22 The light of the body is the eye : if therefore thine eye be single , thy whole body shall be full of light .
6 : 23 But if thine eye be evil , thy whole body shall be full of darkness .
6 : 25 Therefore I say unto you , Take no thought for your life , what ye shall eat , or what ye shall drink ; nor yet for your body , what ye shall put on .
6 : 30 Wherefore , if God so clothe the grass of the field , which to day is , and to morrow is cast into the oven , shall he not much more clothe you , O ye of little faith ?
6 : 31 Therefore take no thought , saying , What shall we eat ?
or , What shall we drink ?
or , Wherewithal shall we be clothed ?
6 : 33 But seek ye first the kingdom of God , and his righteousness ; and all these things shall be added unto you .
6 : 34 Take therefore no thought for the morrow : for the morrow shall take thought for the things of itself .
7 : 2 For with what judgment ye judge , ye shall be judged : and with what measure ye mete , it shall be measured to you again .
7 : 7 Ask , and it shall be given you ; seek , and ye shall find ; knock , and it shall be opened unto you : 7 : 8 For every one that asketh receiveth ; and he that seeketh findeth ; and to him that knocketh it shall be opened .
7 : 11 If ye then , being evil , know how to give good gifts unto your children , how much more shall your Father which is in heaven give good things to them that ask him ?
7 : 16 Ye shall know them by their fruits .
7 : 20 Wherefore by their fruits ye shall know them .
7 : 21 Not every one that saith unto me , Lord , Lord , shall enter into the kingdom of heaven ; but he that doeth the will of my Father which is in heaven .
7 : 26 And every one that heareth these sayings of mine , and doeth them not , shall be likened unto a foolish man , which built his house upon the sand : 7 : 27 And the rain descended , and the floods came , and the winds blew , and beat upon that house ; and it fell : and great was the fall of it .
8 : 8 The centurion answered and said , Lord , I am not worthy that thou shouldest come under my roof : but speak the word only , and my servant shall be healed .
8 : 11 And I say unto you , That many shall come from the east and west , and shall sit down with Abraham , and Isaac , and Jacob , in the kingdom of heaven .
8 : 12 But the children of the kingdom shall be cast out into outer darkness : there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth .
but the days will come , when the bridegroom shall be taken from them , and then shall they fast .
9 : 18 While he spake these things unto them , behold , there came a certain ruler , and worshipped him , saying , My daughter is even now dead : but come and lay thy hand upon her , and she shall live .
9 : 20 And , behold , a woman , which was diseased with an issue of blood twelve years , came behind him , and touched the hem of his garment : 9 : 21 For she said within herself , If I may but touch his garment , I shall be whole .
10 : 11 And into whatsoever city or town ye shall enter , enquire who in it is worthy ; and there abide till ye go thence .
10 : 14 And whosoever shall not receive you , nor hear your words , when ye depart out of that house or city , shake off the dust of your feet .
10 : 15 Verily I say unto you , It shall be more tolerable for the land of Sodom and Gomorrha in the day of judgment , than for that city .
10 : 17 But beware of men : for they will deliver you up to the councils , and they will scourge you in their synagogues ; 10 : 18 And ye shall be brought before governors and kings for my sake , for a testimony against them and the Gentiles .
10 : 19 But when they deliver you up , take no thought how or what ye shall speak : for it shall be given you in that same hour what ye shall speak .
10 : 21 And the brother shall deliver up the brother to death , and the father the child : and the children shall rise up against their parents , and cause them to be put to death .
10 : 22 And ye shall be hated of all men for my name ' s sake : but he that endureth to the end shall be saved .
10 : 23 But when they persecute you in this city , flee ye into another : for verily I say unto you , Ye shall not have gone over the cities of Israel , till the Son of man be come .
If they have called the master of the house Beelzebub , how much more shall they call them of his household ?
10 : 26 Fear them not therefore : for there is nothing covered , that shall not be revealed ; and hid , that shall not be known .
and one of them shall not fall on the ground without your Father .
10 : 32 Whosoever therefore shall confess me before men , him will I confess also before my Father which is in heaven .
10 : 33 But whosoever shall deny me before men , him will I also deny before my Father which is in heaven .
10 : 36 And a man ' s foes shall be they of his own household .
10 : 39 He that findeth his life shall lose it : and he that loseth his life for my sake shall find it .
10 : 41 He that receiveth a prophet in the name of a prophet shall receive a prophet ' s reward ; and he that receiveth a righteous man in the name of a righteous man shall receive a righteous man ' s reward .
10 : 42 And whosoever shall give to drink unto one of these little ones a cup of cold water only in the name of a disciple , verily I say unto you , he shall in no wise lose his reward .
11 : 6 And blessed is he , whosoever shall not be offended in me .
11 : 10 For this is he , of whom it is written , Behold , I send my messenger before thy face , which shall prepare thy way before thee .
11 : 16 But whereunto shall I liken this generation ?
11 : 22 But I say unto you , It shall be more tolerable for Tyre and Sidon at the day of judgment , than for you .
11 : 24 But I say unto you , That it shall be more tolerable for the land of Sodom in the day of judgment , than for thee .
11 : 29 Take my yoke upon you , and learn of me ; for I am meek and lowly in heart : and ye shall find rest unto your souls .
12 : 11 And he said unto them , What man shall there be among you , that shall have one sheep , and if it fall into a pit on the sabbath day , will he not lay hold on it , and lift it out ?
12 : 15 But when Jesus knew it , he withdrew himself from thence : and great multitudes followed him , and he healed them all ; 12 : 16 And charged them that they should not make him known : 12 : 17 That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by Esaias the prophet , saying , 12 : 18 Behold my servant , whom I have chosen ; my beloved , in whom my soul is well pleased : I will put my spirit upon him , and he shall shew judgment to the Gentiles .
12 : 19 He shall not strive , nor cry ; neither shall any man hear his voice in the streets .
12 : 20 A bruised reed shall he not break , and smoking flax shall he not quench , till he send forth judgment unto victory .
12 : 21 And in his name shall the Gentiles trust .
12 : 25 And Jesus knew their thoughts , and said unto them , Every kingdom divided against itself is brought to desolation ; and every city or house divided against itself shall not stand : 12 : 26 And if Satan cast out Satan , he is divided against himself ; how shall then his kingdom stand ?
therefore they shall be your judges .
12 : 31 Wherefore I say unto you , All manner of sin and blasphemy shall be forgiven unto men : but the blasphemy against the Holy Ghost shall not be forgiven unto men .
12 : 32 And whosoever speaketh a word against the Son of man , it shall be forgiven him : but whosoever speaketh against the Holy Ghost , it shall not be forgiven him , neither in this world , neither in the world to come .
12 : 36 But I say unto you , That every idle word that men shall speak , they shall give account thereof in the day of judgment .
12 : 39 But he answered and said unto them , An evil and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign ; and there shall no sign be given to it , but the sign of the prophet Jonas : 12 : 40 For as Jonas was three days and three nights in the whale ' s belly ; so shall the Son of man be three days and three nights in the heart of the earth .
12 : 41 The men of Nineveh shall rise in judgment with this generation , and shall condemn it : because they repented at the preaching of Jonas ; and , behold , a greater than Jonas is here .
12 : 42 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with this generation , and shall condemn it : for she came from the uttermost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon ; and , behold , a greater than Solomon is here .
Even so shall it be also unto this wicked generation .
12 : 50 For whosoever shall do the will of my Father which is in heaven , the same is my brother , and sister , and mother .
13 : 12 For whosoever hath , to him shall be given , and he shall have more abundance : but whosoever hath not , from him shall be taken away even that he hath .
13 : 14 And in them is fulfilled the prophecy of Esaias , which saith , By hearing ye shall hear , and shall not understand ; and seeing ye shall see , and shall not perceive : 13 : 15 For this people ' s heart is waxed gross , and their ears are dull of hearing , and their eyes they have closed ; lest at any time they should see with their eyes and hear with their ears , and should understand with their heart , and should be converted , and I should heal them .
13 : 40 As therefore the tares are gathered and burned in the fire ; so shall it be in the end of this world .
13 : 41 The Son of man shall send forth his angels , and they shall gather out of his kingdom all things that offend , and them which do iniquity ; 13 : 42 And shall cast them into a furnace of fire : there shall be wailing and gnashing of teeth .
13 : 43 Then shall the righteous shine forth as the sun in the kingdom of their Father .
13 : 49 So shall it be at the end of the world : the angels shall come forth , and sever the wicked from among the just , 13 : 50 And shall cast them into the furnace of fire : there shall be wailing and gnashing of teeth .
15 : 5 But ye say , Whosoever shall say to his father or his mother , It is a gift , by whatsoever thou mightest be profited by me ; 15 : 6 And honour not his father or his mother , he shall be free .
15 : 13 But he answered and said , Every plant , which my heavenly Father hath not planted , shall be rooted up .
And if the blind lead the blind , both shall fall into the ditch .
16 : 4 A wicked and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign ; and there shall no sign be given unto it , but the sign of the prophet Jonas .
16 : 18 And I say also unto thee , That thou art Peter , and upon this rock I will build my church ; and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it .
16 : 19 And I will give unto thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven : and whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth shall be bound in heaven : and whatsoever thou shalt loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven .
16 : 22 Then Peter took him , and began to rebuke him , saying , Be it far from thee , Lord : this shall not be unto thee .
16 : 25 For whosoever will save his life shall lose it : and whosoever will lose his life for my sake shall find it .
16 : 26 For what is a man profited , if he shall gain the whole world , and lose his own soul ?
or what shall a man give in exchange for his soul ?
16 : 27 For the Son of man shall come in the glory of his Father with his angels ; and then he shall reward every man according to his works .
16 : 28 Verily I say unto you , There be some standing here , which shall not taste of death , till they see the Son of man coming in his kingdom .
17 : 11 And Jesus answered and said unto them , Elias truly shall first come , and restore all things .
Likewise shall also the Son of man suffer of them .
17 : 17 Then Jesus answered and said , O faithless and perverse generation , how long shall I be with you ?
how long shall I suffer you ?
17 : 20 And Jesus said unto them , Because of your unbelief : for verily I say unto you , If ye have faith as a grain of mustard seed , ye shall say unto this mountain , Remove hence to yonder place ; and it shall remove ; and nothing shall be impossible unto you .
17 : 22 And while they abode in Galilee , Jesus said unto them , The Son of man shall be betrayed into the hands of men : 17 : 23 And they shall kill him , and the third day he shall be raised again .
18 : 2 And Jesus called a little child unto him , and set him in the midst of them , 18 : 3 And said , Verily I say unto you , Except ye be converted , and become as little children , ye shall not enter into the kingdom of heaven .
18 : 4 Whosoever therefore shall humble himself as this little child , the same is greatest in the kingdom of heaven .
18 : 5 And whoso shall receive one such little child in my name receiveth me .
18 : 6 But whoso shall offend one of these little ones which believe in me , it were better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck , and that he were drowned in the depth of the sea .
18 : 15 Moreover if thy brother shall trespass against thee , go and tell him his fault between thee and him alone : if he shall hear thee , thou hast gained thy brother .
18 : 17 And if he shall neglect to hear them , tell it unto the church : but if he neglect to hear the church , let him be unto thee as an heathen man and a publican .
18 : 18 Verily I say unto you , Whatsoever ye shall bind on earth shall be bound in heaven : and whatsoever ye shall loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven .
18 : 19 Again I say unto you , That if two of you shall agree on earth as touching any thing that they shall ask , it shall be done for them of my Father which is in heaven .
18 : 21 Then came Peter to him , and said , Lord , how oft shall my brother sin against me , and I forgive him ?
18 : 35 So likewise shall my heavenly Father do also unto you , if ye from your hearts forgive not every one his brother their trespasses .
19 : 4 And he answered and said unto them , Have ye not read , that he which made them at the beginning made them male and female , 19 : 5 And said , For this cause shall a man leave father and mother , and shall cleave to his wife : and they twain shall be one flesh ?
19 : 9 And I say unto you , Whosoever shall put away his wife , except it be for fornication , and shall marry another , committeth adultery : and whoso marrieth her which is put away doth commit adultery .
19 : 16 And , behold , one came and said unto him , Good Master , what good thing shall I do , that I may have eternal life ?
19 : 23 Then said Jesus unto his disciples , Verily I say unto you , That a rich man shall hardly enter into the kingdom of heaven .
19 : 27 Then answered Peter and said unto him , Behold , we have forsaken all , and followed thee ; what shall we have therefore ?
19 : 28 And Jesus said unto them , Verily I say unto you , That ye which have followed me , in the regeneration when the Son of man shall sit in the throne of his glory , ye also shall sit upon twelve thrones , judging the twelve tribes of Israel .
19 : 29 And every one that hath forsaken houses , or brethren , or sisters , or father , or mother , or wife , or children , or lands , for my name ' s sake , shall receive an hundredfold , and shall inherit everlasting life .
19 : 30 But many that are first shall be last ; and the last shall be first .
He saith unto them , Go ye also into the vineyard ; and whatsoever is right , that shall ye receive .
20 : 16 So the last shall be first , and the first last : for many be called , but few chosen .
20 : 17 And Jesus going up to Jerusalem took the twelve disciples apart in the way , and said unto them , 20 : 18 Behold , we go up to Jerusalem ; and the Son of man shall be betrayed unto the chief priests and unto the scribes , and they shall condemn him to death , 20 : 19 And shall deliver him to the Gentiles to mock , and to scourge , and to crucify him : and the third day he shall rise again .
Are ye able to drink of the cup that I shall drink of , and to be baptized with the baptism that I am baptized with ?
20 : 23 And he saith unto them , Ye shall drink indeed of my cup , and be baptized with the baptism that I am baptized with : but to sit on my right hand , and on my left , is not mine to give , but it shall be given to them for whom it is prepared of my Father .
20 : 26 But it shall not be so among you : but whosoever will be great among you , let him be your minister ; 20 : 27 And whosoever will be chief among you , let him be your servant : 20 : 28 Even as the Son of man came not to be ministered unto , but to minister , and to give his life a ransom for many .
20 : 32 And Jesus stood still , and called them , and said , What will ye that I shall do unto you ?
21 : 1 And when they drew nigh unto Jerusalem , and were come to Bethphage , unto the mount of Olives , then sent Jesus two disciples , 21 : 2 Saying unto them , Go into the village over against you , and straightway ye shall find an ass tied , and a colt with her : loose them , and bring them unto me .
21 : 3 And if any man say ought unto you , ye shall say , The Lord hath need of them ; and straightway he will send them .
21 : 12 And Jesus went into the temple of God , and cast out all them that sold and bought in the temple , and overthrew the tables of the moneychangers , and the seats of them that sold doves , 21 : 13 And said unto them , It is written , My house shall be called the house of prayer ; but ye have made it a den of thieves .
21 : 21 Jesus answered and said unto them , Verily I say unto you , If ye have faith , and doubt not , ye shall not only do this which is done to the fig tree , but also if ye shall say unto this mountain , Be thou removed , and be thou cast into the sea ; it shall be done .
21 : 22 And all things , whatsoever ye shall ask in prayer , believing , ye shall receive .
And they reasoned with themselves , saying , If we shall say , From heaven ; he will say unto us , Why did ye not then believe him ?
21 : 26 But if we shall say , Of men ; we fear the people ; for all hold John as a prophet .
21 : 41 They say unto him , He will miserably destroy those wicked men , and will let out his vineyard unto other husbandmen , which shall render him the fruits in their seasons .
21 : 43 Therefore say I unto you , The kingdom of God shall be taken from you , and given to a nation bringing forth the fruits thereof .
21 : 44 And whosoever shall fall on this stone shall be broken : but on whomsoever it shall fall , it will grind him to powder .
22 : 9 Go ye therefore into the highways , and as many as ye shall find , bid to the marriage .
22 : 13 Then said the king to the servants , Bind him hand and foot , and take him away , and cast him into outer darkness , there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth .
22 : 23 The same day came to him the Sadducees , which say that there is no resurrection , and asked him , 22 : 24 Saying , Master , Moses said , If a man die , having no children , his brother shall marry his wife , and raise up seed unto his brother .
22 : 28 Therefore in the resurrection whose wife shall she be of the seven ?
23 : 11 But he that is greatest among you shall be your servant .
23 : 12 And whosoever shall exalt himself shall be abased ; and he that shall humble himself shall be exalted .
for ye devour widows ' houses , and for a pretence make long prayer : therefore ye shall receive the greater damnation .
23 : 16 Woe unto you , ye blind guides , which say , Whosoever shall swear by the temple , it is nothing ; but whosoever shall swear by the gold of the temple , he is a debtor !
23 : 18 And , Whosoever shall swear by the altar , it is nothing ; but whosoever sweareth by the gift that is upon it , he is guilty .
23 : 20 Whoso therefore shall swear by the altar , sweareth by it , and by all things thereon .
23 : 21 And whoso shall swear by the temple , sweareth by it , and by him that dwelleth therein .
23 : 22 And he that shall swear by heaven , sweareth by the throne of God , and by him that sitteth thereon .
23 : 34 Wherefore , behold , I send unto you prophets , and wise men , and scribes : and some of them ye shall kill and crucify ; and some of them shall ye scourge in your synagogues , and persecute them from city to city : 23 : 35 That upon you may come all the righteous blood shed upon the earth , from the blood of righteous Abel unto the blood of Zacharias son of Barachias , whom ye slew between the temple and the altar .
23 : 36 Verily I say unto you , All these things shall come upon this generation .
23 : 39 For I say unto you , Ye shall not see me henceforth , till ye shall say , Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord .
verily I say unto you , There shall not be left here one stone upon another , that shall not be thrown down .
24 : 3 And as he sat upon the mount of Olives , the disciples came unto him privately , saying , Tell us , when shall these things be ?
and what shall be the sign of thy coming , and of the end of the world ?
24 : 5 For many shall come in my name , saying , I am Christ ; and shall deceive many .
24 : 6 And ye shall hear of wars and rumours of wars : see that ye be not troubled : for all these things must come to pass , but the end is not yet .
24 : 7 For nation shall rise against nation , and kingdom against kingdom : and there shall be famines , and pestilences , and earthquakes , in divers places .
24 : 9 Then shall they deliver you up to be afflicted , and shall kill you : and ye shall be hated of all nations for my name ' s sake .
24 : 10 And then shall many be offended , and shall betray one another , and shall hate one another .
24 : 11 And many false prophets shall rise , and shall deceive many .
24 : 12 And because iniquity shall abound , the love of many shall wax cold .
24 : 13 But he that shall endure unto the end , the same shall be saved .
24 : 14 And this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world for a witness unto all nations ; and then shall the end come .
24 : 15 When ye therefore shall see the abomination of desolation , spoken of by Daniel the prophet , stand in the holy place , ( whoso readeth , let him understand :) 24 : 16 Then let them which be in Judaea flee into the mountains : 24 : 17 Let him which is on the housetop not come down to take any thing out of his house : 24 : 18 Neither let him which is in the field return back to take his clothes .
24 : 20 But pray ye that your flight be not in the winter , neither on the sabbath day : 24 : 21 For then shall be great tribulation , such as was not since the beginning of the world to this time , no , nor ever shall be .
24 : 22 And except those days should be shortened , there should no flesh be saved : but for the elect ' s sake those days shall be shortened .
24 : 23 Then if any man shall say unto you , Lo , here is Christ , or there ; believe it not .
24 : 24 For there shall arise false Christs , and false prophets , and shall shew great signs and wonders ; insomuch that , if it were possible , they shall deceive the very elect .
24 : 26 Wherefore if they shall say unto you , Behold , he is in the desert ; go not forth : behold , he is in the secret chambers ; believe it not .
24 : 27 For as the lightning cometh out of the east , and shineth even unto the west ; so shall also the coming of the Son of man be .
24 : 29 Immediately after the tribulation of those days shall the sun be darkened , and the moon shall not give her light , and the stars shall fall from heaven , and the powers of the heavens shall be shaken : 24 : 30 And then shall appear the sign of the Son of man in heaven : and then shall all the tribes of the earth mourn , and they shall see the Son of man coming in the clouds of heaven with power and great glory .
24 : 31 And he shall send his angels with a great sound of a trumpet , and they shall gather together his elect from the four winds , from one end of heaven to the other .
24 : 32 Now learn a parable of the fig tree ; When his branch is yet tender , and putteth forth leaves , ye know that summer is nigh : 24 : 33 So likewise ye , when ye shall see all these things , know that it is near , even at the doors .
24 : 34 Verily I say unto you , This generation shall not pass , till all these things be fulfilled .
24 : 35 Heaven and earth shall pass away , but my words shall not pass away .
24 : 37 But as the days of Noe were , so shall also the coming of the Son of man be .
24 : 38 For as in the days that were before the flood they were eating and drinking , marrying and giving in marriage , until the day that Noe entered into the ark , 24 : 39 And knew not until the flood came , and took them all away ; so shall also the coming of the Son of man be .
24 : 40 Then shall two be in the field ; the one shall be taken , and the other left .
24 : 41 Two women shall be grinding at the mill ; the one shall be taken , and the other left .
24 : 46 Blessed is that servant , whom his lord when he cometh shall find so doing .
24 : 47 Verily I say unto you , That he shall make him ruler over all his goods .
24 : 48 But and if that evil servant shall say in his heart , My lord delayeth his coming ; 24 : 49 And shall begin to smite his fellowservants , and to eat and drink with the drunken ; 24 : 50 The lord of that servant shall come in a day when he looketh not for him , and in an hour that he is not aware of , 24 : 51 And shall cut him asunder , and appoint him his portion with the hypocrites : there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth .
25 : 1 Then shall the kingdom of heaven be likened unto ten virgins , which took their lamps , and went forth to meet the bridegroom .
25 : 29 For unto every one that hath shall be given , and he shall have abundance : but from him that hath not shall be taken away even that which he hath .
25 : 30 And cast ye the unprofitable servant into outer darkness : there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth .
25 : 31 When the Son of man shall come in his glory , and all the holy angels with him , then shall he sit upon the throne of his glory : 25 : 32 And before him shall be gathered all nations : and he shall separate them one from another , as a shepherd divideth his sheep from the goats : 25 : 33 And he shall set the sheep on his right hand , but the goats on the left .
25 : 34 Then shall the King say unto them on his right hand , Come , ye blessed of my Father , inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world : 25 : 35 For I was an hungred , and ye gave me meat : I was thirsty , and ye gave me drink : I was a stranger , and ye took me in : 25 : 36 Naked , and ye clothed me : I was sick , and ye visited me : I was in prison , and ye came unto me .
25 : 37 Then shall the righteous answer him , saying , Lord , when saw we thee an hungred , and fed thee ?
25 : 40 And the King shall answer and say unto them , Verily I say unto you , Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren , ye have done it unto me .
25 : 41 Then shall he say also unto them on the left hand , Depart from me , ye cursed , into everlasting fire , prepared for the devil and his angels : 25 : 42 For I was an hungred , and ye gave me no meat : I was thirsty , and ye gave me no drink : 25 : 43 I was a stranger , and ye took me not in : naked , and ye clothed me not : sick , and in prison , and ye visited me not .
25 : 44 Then shall they also answer him , saying , Lord , when saw we thee an hungred , or athirst , or a stranger , or naked , or sick , or in prison , and did not minister unto thee ?
25 : 45 Then shall he answer them , saying , Verily I say unto you , Inasmuch as ye did it not to one of the least of these , ye did it not to me .
25 : 46 And these shall go away into everlasting punishment : but the righteous into life eternal .
26 : 13 Verily I say unto you , Wheresoever this gospel shall be preached in the whole world , there shall also this , that this woman hath done , be told for a memorial of her .
26 : 21 And as they did eat , he said , Verily I say unto you , that one of you shall betray me .
26 : 23 And he answered and said , He that dippeth his hand with me in the dish , the same shall betray me .
26 : 31 Then saith Jesus unto them , All ye shall be offended because of me this night : for it is written , I will smite the shepherd , and the sheep of the flock shall be scattered abroad .
26 : 33 Peter answered and said unto him , Though all men shall be offended because of thee , yet will I never be offended .
26 : 48 Now he that betrayed him gave them a sign , saying , Whomsoever I shall kiss , that same is he : hold him fast .
26 : 52 Then said Jesus unto him , Put up again thy sword into his place : for all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword .
26 : 53 Thinkest thou that I cannot now pray to my Father , and he shall presently give me more than twelve legions of angels ?
26 : 54 But how then shall the scriptures be fulfilled , that thus it must be ?
26 : 64 Jesus saith unto him , Thou hast said : nevertheless I say unto you , Hereafter shall ye see the Son of man sitting on the right hand of power , and coming in the clouds of heaven .
27 : 22 Pilate saith unto them , What shall I do then with Jesus which is called Christ ?
27 : 64 Command therefore that the sepulchre be made sure until the third day , lest his disciples come by night , and steal him away , and say unto the people , He is risen from the dead : so the last error shall be worse than the first .
28 : 7 And go quickly , and tell his disciples that he is risen from the dead ; and , behold , he goeth before you into Galilee ; there shall ye see him : lo , I have told you .
28 : 10 Then said Jesus unto them , Be not afraid : go tell my brethren that they go into Galilee , and there shall they see me .
1 : 1 The beginning of the gospel of Jesus Christ , the Son of God ; 1 : 2 As it is written in the prophets , Behold , I send my messenger before thy face , which shall prepare thy way before thee .
1 : 8 I indeed have baptized you with water : but he shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost .
2 : 20 But the days will come , when the bridegroom shall be taken away from them , and then shall they fast in those days .
3 : 28 Verily I say unto you , All sins shall be forgiven unto the sons of men , and blasphemies wherewith soever they shall blaspheme : 3 : 29 But he that shall blaspheme against the Holy Ghost hath never forgiveness , but is in danger of eternal damnation .
3 : 35 For whosoever shall do the will of God , the same is my brother , and my sister , and mother .
4 : 22 For there is nothing hid , which shall not be manifested ; neither was any thing kept secret , but that it should come abroad .
4 : 24 And he said unto them , Take heed what ye hear : with what measure ye mete , it shall be measured to you : and unto you that hear shall more be given .
4 : 25 For he that hath , to him shall be given : and he that hath not , from him shall be taken even that which he hath .
4 : 30 And he said , Whereunto shall we liken the kingdom of God ?
or with what comparison shall we compare it ?
5 : 22 And , behold , there cometh one of the rulers of the synagogue , Jairus by name ; and when he saw him , he fell at his feet , 5 : 23 And besought him greatly , saying , My little daughter lieth at the point of death : I pray thee , come and lay thy hands on her , that she may be healed ; and she shall live .
5 : 28 For she said , If I may touch but his clothes , I shall be whole .
6 : 11 And whosoever shall not receive you , nor hear you , when ye depart thence , shake off the dust under your feet for a testimony against them .
Verily I say unto you , It shall be more tolerable for Sodom and Gomorrha in the day of judgment , than for that city .
6 : 24 And she went forth , and said unto her mother , What shall I ask ?
And they say unto him , Shall we go and buy two hundred pennyworth of bread , and give them to eat ?
7 : 10 For Moses said , Honour thy father and thy mother ; and , Whoso curseth father or mother , let him die the death : 7 : 11 But ye say , If a man shall say to his father or mother , It is Corban , that is to say , a gift , by whatsoever thou mightest be profited by me ; he shall be free .
verily I say unto you , There shall no sign be given unto this generation .
8 : 35 For whosoever will save his life shall lose it ; but whosoever shall lose his life for my sake and the gospel ' s , the same shall save it .
8 : 36 For what shall it profit a man , if he shall gain the whole world , and lose his own soul ?
8 : 37 Or what shall a man give in exchange for his soul ?
8 : 38 Whosoever therefore shall be ashamed of me and of my words in this adulterous and sinful generation ; of him also shall the Son of man be ashamed , when he cometh in the glory of his Father with the holy angels .
9 : 1 And he said unto them , Verily I say unto you , That there be some of them that stand here , which shall not taste of death , till they have seen the kingdom of God come with power .
9 : 19 He answereth him , and saith , O faithless generation , how long shall I be with you ?
how long shall I suffer you ?
9 : 31 For he taught his disciples , and said unto them , The Son of man is delivered into the hands of men , and they shall kill him ; and after that he is killed , he shall rise the third day .
9 : 35 And he sat down , and called the twelve , and saith unto them , If any man desire to be first , the same shall be last of all , and servant of all .
9 : 36 And he took a child , and set him in the midst of them : and when he had taken him in his arms , he said unto them , 9 : 37 Whosoever shall receive one of such children in my name , receiveth me : and whosoever shall receive me , receiveth not me , but him that sent me .
9 : 39 But Jesus said , Forbid him not : for there is no man which shall do a miracle in my name , that can lightly speak evil of me .
9 : 41 For whosoever shall give you a cup of water to drink in my name , because ye belong to Christ , verily I say unto you , he shall not lose his reward .
9 : 42 And whosoever shall offend one of these little ones that believe in me , it is better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck , and he were cast into the sea .
9 : 43 And if thy hand offend thee , cut it off : it is better for thee to enter into life maimed , than having two hands to go into hell , into the fire that never shall be quenched : 9 : 44 Where their worm dieth not , and the fire is not quenched .
9 : 45 And if thy foot offend thee , cut it off : it is better for thee to enter halt into life , than having two feet to be cast into hell , into the fire that never shall be quenched : 9 : 46 Where their worm dieth not , and the fire is not quenched .
9 : 49 For every one shall be salted with fire , and every sacrifice shall be salted with salt .
10 : 7 For this cause shall a man leave his father and mother , and cleave to his wife ; 10 : 8 And they twain shall be one flesh : so then they are no more twain , but one flesh .
10 : 11 And he saith unto them , Whosoever shall put away his wife , and marry another , committeth adultery against her .
10 : 12 And if a woman shall put away her husband , and be married to another , she committeth adultery .
10 : 15 Verily I say unto you , Whosoever shall not receive the kingdom of God as a little child , he shall not enter therein .
10 : 17 And when he was gone forth into the way , there came one running , and kneeled to him , and asked him , Good Master , what shall I do that I may inherit eternal life ?
10 : 23 And Jesus looked round about , and saith unto his disciples , How hardly shall they that have riches enter into the kingdom of God !
10 : 29 And Jesus answered and said , Verily I say unto you , There is no man that hath left house , or brethren , or sisters , or father , or mother , or wife , or children , or lands , for my sake , and the gospel ' s , 10 : 30 But he shall receive an hundredfold now in this time , houses , and brethren , and sisters , and mothers , and children , and lands , with persecutions ; and in the world to come eternal life .
10 : 31 But many that are first shall be last ; and the last first .
And he took again the twelve , and began to tell them what things should happen unto him , 10 : 33 Saying , Behold , we go up to Jerusalem ; and the Son of man shall be delivered unto the chief priests , and unto the scribes ; and they shall condemn him to death , and shall deliver him to the Gentiles : 10 : 34 And they shall mock him , and shall scourge him , and shall spit upon him , and shall kill him : and the third day he shall rise again .
10 : 35 And James and John , the sons of Zebedee , come unto him , saying , Master , we would that thou shouldest do for us whatsoever we shall desire .
And Jesus said unto them , Ye shall indeed drink of the cup that I drink of ; and with the baptism that I am baptized withal shall ye be baptized : 10 : 40 But to sit on my right hand and on my left hand is not mine to give ; but it shall be given to them for whom it is prepared .
10 : 43 But so shall it not be among you : but whosoever will be great among you , shall be your minister : 10 : 44 And whosoever of you will be the chiefest , shall be servant of all .
11 : 1 And when they came nigh to Jerusalem , unto Bethphage and Bethany , at the mount of Olives , he sendeth forth two of his disciples , 11 : 2 And saith unto them , Go your way into the village over against you : and as soon as ye be entered into it , ye shall find a colt tied , whereon never man sat ; loose him , and bring him .
11 : 17 And he taught , saying unto them , Is it not written , My house shall be called of all nations the house of prayer ?
11 : 23 For verily I say unto you , That whosoever shall say unto this mountain , Be thou removed , and be thou cast into the sea ; and shall not doubt in his heart , but shall believe that those things which he saith shall come to pass ; he shall have whatsoever he saith .
11 : 24 Therefore I say unto you , What things soever ye desire , when ye pray , believe that ye receive them , and ye shall have them .
11 : 31 And they reasoned with themselves , saying , If we shall say , From heaven ; he will say , Why then did ye not believe him ?
11 : 32 But if we shall say , Of men ; they feared the people : for all men counted John , that he was a prophet indeed .
12 : 7 But those husbandmen said among themselves , This is the heir ; come , let us kill him , and the inheritance shall be our ' s .
12 : 9 What shall therefore the lord of the vineyard do ?
12 : 15 Shall we give , or shall we not give ?
12 : 23 In the resurrection therefore , when they shall rise , whose wife shall she be of them ?
12 : 25 For when they shall rise from the dead , they neither marry , nor are given in marriage ; but are as the angels which are in heaven .
12 : 38 And he said unto them in his doctrine , Beware of the scribes , which love to go in long clothing , and love salutations in the marketplaces , 12 : 39 And the chief seats in the synagogues , and the uppermost rooms at feasts : 12 : 40 Which devour widows ' houses , and for a pretence make long prayers : these shall receive greater damnation .
there shall not be left one stone upon another , that shall not be thrown down .
13 : 3 And as he sat upon the mount of Olives over against the temple , Peter and James and John and Andrew asked him privately , 13 : 4 Tell us , when shall these things be ?
and what shall be the sign when all these things shall be fulfilled ?
13 : 5 And Jesus answering them began to say , Take heed lest any man deceive you : 13 : 6 For many shall come in my name , saying , I am Christ ; and shall deceive many .
13 : 7 And when ye shall hear of wars and rumours of wars , be ye not troubled : for such things must needs be ; but the end shall not be yet .
13 : 8 For nation shall rise against nation , and kingdom against kingdom : and there shall be earthquakes in divers places , and there shall be famines and troubles : these are the beginnings of sorrows .
13 : 9 But take heed to yourselves : for they shall deliver you up to councils ; and in the synagogues ye shall be beaten : and ye shall be brought before rulers and kings for my sake , for a testimony against them .
13 : 11 But when they shall lead you , and deliver you up , take no thought beforehand what ye shall speak , neither do ye premeditate : but whatsoever shall be given you in that hour , that speak ye : for it is not ye that speak , but the Holy Ghost .
13 : 12 Now the brother shall betray the brother to death , and the father the son ; and children shall rise up against their parents , and shall cause them to be put to death .
13 : 13 And ye shall be hated of all men for my name ' s sake : but he that shall endure unto the end , the same shall be saved .
13 : 14 But when ye shall see the abomination of desolation , spoken of by Daniel the prophet , standing where it ought not , ( let him that readeth understand ,) then let them that be in Judaea flee to the mountains : 13 : 15 And let him that is on the housetop not go down into the house , neither enter therein , to take any thing out of his house : 13 : 16 And let him that is in the field not turn back again for to take up his garment .
13 : 19 For in those days shall be affliction , such as was not from the beginning of the creation which God created unto this time , neither shall be .
13 : 21 And then if any man shall say to you , Lo , here is Christ ; or , lo , he is there ; believe him not : 13 : 22 For false Christs and false prophets shall rise , and shall shew signs and wonders , to seduce , if it were possible , even the elect .
13 : 24 But in those days , after that tribulation , the sun shall be darkened , and the moon shall not give her light , 13 : 25 And the stars of heaven shall fall , and the powers that are in heaven shall be shaken .
13 : 26 And then shall they see the Son of man coming in the clouds with great power and glory .
13 : 27 And then shall he send his angels , and shall gather together his elect from the four winds , from the uttermost part of the earth to the uttermost part of heaven .
13 : 28 Now learn a parable of the fig tree ; When her branch is yet tender , and putteth forth leaves , ye know that summer is near : 13 : 29 So ye in like manner , when ye shall see these things come to pass , know that it is nigh , even at the doors .
13 : 30 Verily I say unto you , that this generation shall not pass , till all these things be done .
13 : 31 Heaven and earth shall pass away : but my words shall not pass away .
14 : 9 Verily I say unto you , Wheresoever this gospel shall be preached throughout the whole world , this also that she hath done shall be spoken of for a memorial of her .
14 : 13 And he sendeth forth two of his disciples , and saith unto them , Go ye into the city , and there shall meet you a man bearing a pitcher of water : follow him .
14 : 14 And wheresoever he shall go in , say ye to the goodman of the house , The Master saith , Where is the guestchamber , where I shall eat the passover with my disciples ?
14 : 18 And as they sat and did eat , Jesus said , Verily I say unto you , One of you which eateth with me shall betray me .
14 : 27 And Jesus saith unto them , All ye shall be offended because of me this night : for it is written , I will smite the shepherd , and the sheep shall be scattered .
14 : 29 But Peter said unto him , Although all shall be offended , yet will not I .
14 : 32 And they came to a place which was named Gethsemane : and he saith to his disciples , Sit ye here , while I shall pray .
14 : 44 And he that betrayed him had given them a token , saying , Whomsoever I shall kiss , that same is he ; take him , and lead him away safely .
14 : 62 And Jesus said , I am : and ye shall see the Son of man sitting on the right hand of power , and coming in the clouds of heaven .
15 : 12 And Pilate answered and said again unto them , What will ye then that I shall do unto him whom ye call the King of the Jews ?
16 : 3 And they said among themselves , Who shall roll us away the stone from the door of the sepulchre ?
16 : 7 But go your way , tell his disciples and Peter that he goeth before you into Galilee : there shall ye see him , as he said unto you .
16 : 16 He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved ; but he that believeth not shall be damned .
16 : 17 And these signs shall follow them that believe ; In my name shall they cast out devils ; they shall speak with new tongues ; 16 : 18 They shall take up serpents ; and if they drink any deadly thing , it shall not hurt them ; they shall lay hands on the sick , and they shall recover .
1 : 13 But the angel said unto him , Fear not , Zacharias : for thy prayer is heard ; and thy wife Elisabeth shall bear thee a son , and thou shalt call his name John .
1 : 14 And thou shalt have joy and gladness ; and many shall rejoice at his birth .
1 : 15 For he shall be great in the sight of the Lord , and shall drink neither wine nor strong drink ; and he shall be filled with the Holy Ghost , even from his mother ' s womb .
1 : 16 And many of the children of Israel shall he turn to the Lord their God .
1 : 17 And he shall go before him in the spirit and power of Elias , to turn the hearts of the fathers to the children , and the disobedient to the wisdom of the just ; to make ready a people prepared for the Lord .
1 : 18 And Zacharias said unto the angel , Whereby shall I know this ?
1 : 20 And , behold , thou shalt be dumb , and not able to speak , until the day that these things shall be performed , because thou believest not my words , which shall be fulfilled in their season .
1 : 32 He shall be great , and shall be called the Son of the Highest : and the Lord God shall give unto him the throne of his father David : 1 : 33 And he shall reign over the house of Jacob for ever ; and of his kingdom there shall be no end .
1 : 34 Then said Mary unto the angel , How shall this be , seeing I know not a man ?
1 : 35 And the angel answered and said unto her , The Holy Ghost shall come upon thee , and the power of the Highest shall overshadow thee : therefore also that holy thing which shall be born of thee shall be called the Son of God .
1 : 37 For with God nothing shall be impossible .
1 : 45 And blessed is she that believed : for there shall be a performance of those things which were told her from the Lord .
1 : 48 For he hath regarded the low estate of his handmaiden : for , behold , from henceforth all generations shall call me blessed .
1 : 60 And his mother answered and said , Not so ; but he shall be called John .
1 : 66 And all they that heard them laid them up in their hearts , saying , What manner of child shall this be !
2 : 10 And the angel said unto them , Fear not : for , behold , I bring you good tidings of great joy , which shall be to all people .
2 : 12 And this shall be a sign unto you ; Ye shall find the babe wrapped in swaddling clothes , lying in a manger .
2 : 22 And when the days of her purification according to the law of Moses were accomplished , they brought him to Jerusalem , to present him to the Lord ; 2 : 23 ( As it is written in the law of the LORD , Every male that openeth the womb shall be called holy to the Lord ;) 2 : 24 And to offer a sacrifice according to that which is said in the law of the Lord , A pair of turtledoves , or two young pigeons .
2 : 34 And Simeon blessed them , and said unto Mary his mother , Behold , this child is set for the fall and rising again of many in Israel ; and for a sign which shall be spoken against ; 2 : 35 ( Yea , a sword shall pierce through thy own soul also ,) that the thoughts of many hearts may be revealed .
3 : 5 Every valley shall be filled , and every mountain and hill shall be brought low ; and the crooked shall be made straight , and the rough ways shall be made smooth ; 3 : 6 And all flesh shall see the salvation of God .
3 : 10 And the people asked him , saying , What shall we do then ?
3 : 12 Then came also publicans to be baptized , and said unto him , Master , what shall we do ?
3 : 14 And the soldiers likewise demanded of him , saying , And what shall we do ?
3 : 15 And as the people were in expectation , and all men mused in their hearts of John , whether he were the Christ , or not ; 3 : 16 John answered , saying unto them all , I indeed baptize you with water ; but one mightier than I cometh , the latchet of whose shoes I am not worthy to unloose : he shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost and with fire : 3 : 17 Whose fan is in his hand , and he will throughly purge his floor , and will gather the wheat into his garner ; but the chaff he will burn with fire unquenchable .
4 : 4 And Jesus answered him , saying , It is written , That man shall not live by bread alone , but by every word of God .
4 : 7 If thou therefore wilt worship me , all shall be thine .
4 : 9 And he brought him to Jerusalem , and set him on a pinnacle of the temple , and said unto him , If thou be the Son of God , cast thyself down from hence : 4 : 10 For it is written , He shall give his angels charge over thee , to keep thee : 4 : 11 And in their hands they shall bear thee up , lest at any time thou dash thy foot against a stone .
5 : 35 But the days will come , when the bridegroom shall be taken away from them , and then shall they fast in those days .
5 : 37 And no man putteth new wine into old bottles ; else the new wine will burst the bottles , and be spilled , and the bottles shall perish .
6 : 21 Blessed are ye that hunger now : for ye shall be filled .
Blessed are ye that weep now : for ye shall laugh .
6 : 22 Blessed are ye , when men shall hate you , and when they shall separate you from their company , and shall reproach you , and cast out your name as evil , for the Son of man ' s sake .
for ye shall hunger .
for ye shall mourn and weep .
6 : 26 Woe unto you , when all men shall speak well of you !
6 : 35 But love ye your enemies , and do good , and lend , hoping for nothing again ; and your reward shall be great , and ye shall be the children of the Highest : for he is kind unto the unthankful and to the evil .
6 : 37 Judge not , and ye shall not be judged : condemn not , and ye shall not be condemned : forgive , and ye shall be forgiven : 6 : 38 Give , and it shall be given unto you ; good measure , pressed down , and shaken together , and running over , shall men give into your bosom .
For with the same measure that ye mete withal it shall be measured to you again .
shall they not both fall into the ditch ?
6 : 40 The disciple is not above his master : but every one that is perfect shall be as his master .
And when he was now not far from the house , the centurion sent friends to him , saying unto him , Lord , trouble not thyself : for I am not worthy that thou shouldest enter under my roof : 7 : 7 Wherefore neither thought I myself worthy to come unto thee : but say in a word , and my servant shall be healed .
7 : 23 And blessed is he , whosoever shall not be offended in me .
7 : 27 This is he , of whom it is written , Behold , I send my messenger before thy face , which shall prepare thy way before thee .
7 : 31 And the Lord said , Whereunto then shall I liken the men of this generation ?
8 : 17 For nothing is secret , that shall not be made manifest ; neither any thing hid , that shall not be known and come abroad .
8 : 18 Take heed therefore how ye hear : for whosoever hath , to him shall be given ; and whosoever hath not , from him shall be taken even that which he seemeth to have .
8 : 50 But when Jesus heard it , he answered him , saying , Fear not : believe only , and she shall be made whole .
9 : 24 For whosoever will save his life shall lose it : but whosoever will lose his life for my sake , the same shall save it .
9 : 26 For whosoever shall be ashamed of me and of my words , of him shall the Son of man be ashamed , when he shall come in his own glory , and in his Father ' s , and of the holy angels .
9 : 27 But I tell you of a truth , there be some standing here , which shall not taste of death , till they see the kingdom of God .
9 : 41 And Jesus answering said , O faithless and perverse generation , how long shall I be with you , and suffer you ?
But while they wondered every one at all things which Jesus did , he said unto his disciples , 9 : 44 Let these sayings sink down into your ears : for the Son of man shall be delivered into the hands of men .
9 : 47 And Jesus , perceiving the thought of their heart , took a child , and set him by him , 9 : 48 And said unto them , Whosoever shall receive this child in my name receiveth me : and whosoever shall receive me receiveth him that sent me : for he that is least among you all , the same shall be great .
10 : 6 And if the son of peace be there , your peace shall rest upon it : if not , it shall turn to you again .
10 : 12 But I say unto you , that it shall be more tolerable in that day for Sodom , than for that city .
10 : 14 But it shall be more tolerable for Tyre and Sidon at the judgment , than for you .
10 : 19 Behold , I give unto you power to tread on serpents and scorpions , and over all the power of the enemy : and nothing shall by any means hurt you .
10 : 25 And , behold , a certain lawyer stood up , and tempted him , saying , Master , what shall I do to inherit eternal life ?
10 : 41 And Jesus answered and said unto her , Martha , Martha , thou art careful and troubled about many things : 10 : 42 But one thing is needful : and Mary hath chosen that good part , which shall not be taken away from her .
11 : 5 And he said unto them , Which of you shall have a friend , and shall go unto him at midnight , and say unto him , Friend , lend me three loaves ; 11 : 6 For a friend of mine in his journey is come to me , and I have nothing to set before him ?
11 : 7 And he from within shall answer and say , Trouble me not : the door is now shut , and my children are with me in bed ; I cannot rise and give thee .
11 : 9 And I say unto you , Ask , and it shall be given you ; seek , and ye shall find ; knock , and it shall be opened unto you .
11 : 10 For every one that asketh receiveth ; and he that seeketh findeth ; and to him that knocketh it shall be opened .
11 : 11 If a son shall ask bread of any of you that is a father , will he give him a stone ?
11 : 12 Or if he shall ask an egg , will he offer him a scorpion ?
11 : 13 If ye then , being evil , know how to give good gifts unto your children : how much more shall your heavenly Father give the Holy Spirit to them that ask him ?
11 : 18 If Satan also be divided against himself , how shall his kingdom stand ?
therefore shall they be your judges .
11 : 21 When a strong man armed keepeth his palace , his goods are in peace : 11 : 22 But when a stronger than he shall come upon him , and overcome him , he taketh from him all his armour wherein he trusted , and divideth his spoils .
11 : 29 And when the people were gathered thick together , he began to say , This is an evil generation : they seek a sign ; and there shall no sign be given it , but the sign of Jonas the prophet .
11 : 30 For as Jonas was a sign unto the Ninevites , so shall also the Son of man be to this generation .
11 : 31 The queen of the south shall rise up in the judgment with the men of this generation , and condemn them : for she came from the utmost parts of the earth to hear the wisdom of Solomon ; and , behold , a greater than Solomon is here .
11 : 32 The men of Nineve shall rise up in the judgment with this generation , and shall condemn it : for they repented at the preaching of Jonas ; and , behold , a greater than Jonas is here .
11 : 36 If thy whole body therefore be full of light , having no part dark , the whole shall be full of light , as when the bright shining of a candle doth give thee light .
11 : 49 Therefore also said the wisdom of God , I will send them prophets and apostles , and some of them they shall slay and persecute : 11 : 50 That the blood of all the prophets , which was shed from the foundation of the world , may be required of this generation ; 11 : 51 From the blood of Abel unto the blood of Zacharias which perished between the altar and the temple : verily I say unto you , It shall be required of this generation .
12 : 2 For there is nothing covered , that shall not be revealed ; neither hid , that shall not be known .
12 : 3 Therefore whatsoever ye have spoken in darkness shall be heard in the light ; and that which ye have spoken in the ear in closets shall be proclaimed upon the housetops .
12 : 5 But I will forewarn you whom ye shall fear : Fear him , which after he hath killed hath power to cast into hell ; yea , I say unto you , Fear him .
12 : 8 Also I say unto you , Whosoever shall confess me before men , him shall the Son of man also confess before the angels of God : 12 : 9 But he that denieth me before men shall be denied before the angels of God .
12 : 10 And whosoever shall speak a word against the Son of man , it shall be forgiven him : but unto him that blasphemeth against the Holy Ghost it shall not be forgiven .
12 : 11 And when they bring you unto the synagogues , and unto magistrates , and powers , take ye no thought how or what thing ye shall answer , or what ye shall say : 12 : 12 For the Holy Ghost shall teach you in the same hour what ye ought to say .
12 : 16 And he spake a parable unto them , saying , The ground of a certain rich man brought forth plentifully : 12 : 17 And he thought within himself , saying , What shall I do , because I have no room where to bestow my fruits ?
12 : 20 But God said unto him , Thou fool , this night thy soul shall be required of thee : then whose shall those things be , which thou hast provided ?
12 : 22 And he said unto his disciples , Therefore I say unto you , Take no thought for your life , what ye shall eat ; neither for the body , what ye shall put on .
12 : 29 And seek not ye what ye shall eat , or what ye shall drink , neither be ye of doubtful mind .
12 : 31 But rather seek ye the kingdom of God ; and all these things shall be added unto you .
12 : 37 Blessed are those servants , whom the lord when he cometh shall find watching : verily I say unto you , that he shall gird himself , and make them to sit down to meat , and will come forth and serve them .
12 : 38 And if he shall come in the second watch , or come in the third watch , and find them so , blessed are those servants .
12 : 42 And the Lord said , Who then is that faithful and wise steward , whom his lord shall make ruler over his household , to give them their portion of meat in due season ?
12 : 43 Blessed is that servant , whom his lord when he cometh shall find so doing .
12 : 45 But and if that servant say in his heart , My lord delayeth his coming ; and shall begin to beat the menservants and maidens , and to eat and drink , and to be drunken ; 12 : 46 The lord of that servant will come in a day when he looketh not for him , and at an hour when he is not aware , and will cut him in sunder , and will appoint him his portion with the unbelievers .
12 : 47 And that servant , which knew his lord ' s will , and prepared not himself , neither did according to his will , shall be beaten with many stripes .
12 : 48 But he that knew not , and did commit things worthy of stripes , shall be beaten with few stripes .
For unto whomsoever much is given , of him shall be much required : and to whom men have committed much , of him they will ask the more .
I tell you , Nay ; but rather division : 12 : 52 For from henceforth there shall be five in one house divided , three against two , and two against three .
12 : 53 The father shall be divided against the son , and the son against the father ; the mother against the daughter , and the daughter against the mother ; the mother in law against her daughter in law , and the daughter in law against her mother in law .
13 : 3 I tell you , Nay : but , except ye repent , ye shall all likewise perish .
13 : 5 I tell you , Nay : but , except ye repent , ye shall all likewise perish .
13 : 8 And he answering said unto him , Lord , let it alone this year also , till I shall dig about it , and dung it : 13 : 9 And if it bear fruit , well : and if not , then after that thou shalt cut it down .
and whereunto shall I resemble it ?
13 : 20 And again he said , Whereunto shall I liken the kingdom of God ?
And he said unto them , 13 : 24 Strive to enter in at the strait gate : for many , I say unto you , will seek to enter in , and shall not be able .
13 : 25 When once the master of the house is risen up , and hath shut to the door , and ye begin to stand without , and to knock at the door , saying , Lord , Lord , open unto us ; and he shall answer and say unto you , I know you not whence ye are : 13 : 26 Then shall ye begin to say , We have eaten and drunk in thy presence , and thou hast taught in our streets .
13 : 27 But he shall say , I tell you , I know you not whence ye are ; depart from me , all ye workers of iniquity .
13 : 28 There shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth , when ye shall see Abraham , and Isaac , and Jacob , and all the prophets , in the kingdom of God , and you yourselves thrust out .
13 : 29 And they shall come from the east , and from the west , and from the north , and from the south , and shall sit down in the kingdom of God .
13 : 30 And , behold , there are last which shall be first , and there are first which shall be last .
13 : 32 And he said unto them , Go ye , and tell that fox , Behold , I cast out devils , and I do cures to day and to morrow , and the third day I shall be perfected .
13 : 35 Behold , your house is left unto you desolate : and verily I say unto you , Ye shall not see me , until the time come when ye shall say , Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord .
And he took him , and healed him , and let him go ; 14 : 5 And answered them , saying , Which of you shall have an ass or an ox fallen into a pit , and will not straightway pull him out on the sabbath day ?
14 : 11 For whosoever exalteth himself shall be abased ; and he that humbleth himself shall be exalted .
14 : 15 And when one of them that sat at meat with him heard these things , he said unto him , Blessed is he that shall eat bread in the kingdom of God .
14 : 24 For I say unto you , That none of those men which were bidden shall taste of my supper .
14 : 34 Salt is good : but if the salt have lost his savour , wherewith shall it be seasoned ?
15 : 7 I say unto you , that likewise joy shall be in heaven over one sinner that repenteth , more than over ninety and nine just persons , which need no repentance .
16 : 3 Then the steward said within himself , What shall I do ?
16 : 12 And if ye have not been faithful in that which is another man ' s , who shall give you that which is your own ?
17 : 10 So likewise ye , when ye shall have done all those things which are commanded you , say , We are unprofitable servants : we have done that which was our duty to do .
17 : 20 And when he was demanded of the Pharisees , when the kingdom of God should come , he answered them and said , The kingdom of God cometh not with observation : 17 : 21 Neither shall they say , Lo here !
17 : 22 And he said unto the disciples , The days will come , when ye shall desire to see one of the days of the Son of man , and ye shall not see it .
17 : 23 And they shall say to you , See here ; or , see there : go not after them , nor follow them .
17 : 24 For as the lightning , that lighteneth out of the one part under heaven , shineth unto the other part under heaven ; so shall also the Son of man be in his day .
17 : 26 And as it was in the days of Noe , so shall it be also in the days of the Son of man .
17 : 30 Even thus shall it be in the day when the Son of man is revealed .
17 : 31 In that day , he which shall be upon the housetop , and his stuff in the house , let him not come down to take it away : and he that is in the field , let him likewise not return back .
17 : 33 Whosoever shall seek to save his life shall lose it ; and whosoever shall lose his life shall preserve it .
17 : 34 I tell you , in that night there shall be two men in one bed ; the one shall be taken , and the other shall be left .
17 : 35 Two women shall be grinding together ; the one shall be taken , and the other left .
17 : 36 Two men shall be in the field ; the one shall be taken , and the other left .
18 : 7 And shall not God avenge his own elect , which cry day and night unto him , though he bear long with them ?
Nevertheless when the Son of man cometh , shall he find faith on the earth ?
18 : 14 I tell you , this man went down to his house justified rather than the other : for every one that exalteth himself shall be abased ; and he that humbleth himself shall be exalted .
18 : 17 Verily I say unto you , Whosoever shall not receive the kingdom of God as a little child shall in no wise enter therein .
18 : 18 And a certain ruler asked him , saying , Good Master , what shall I do to inherit eternal life ?
18 : 24 And when Jesus saw that he was very sorrowful , he said , How hardly shall they that have riches enter into the kingdom of God !
18 : 29 And he said unto them , Verily I say unto you , There is no man that hath left house , or parents , or brethren , or wife , or children , for the kingdom of God ' s sake , 18 : 30 Who shall not receive manifold more in this present time , and in the world to come life everlasting .
18 : 31 Then he took unto him the twelve , and said unto them , Behold , we go up to Jerusalem , and all things that are written by the prophets concerning the Son of man shall be accomplished .
18 : 32 For he shall be delivered unto the Gentiles , and shall be mocked , and spitefully entreated , and spitted on : 18 : 33 And they shall scourge him , and put him to death : and the third day he shall rise again .
18 : 40 And Jesus stood , and commanded him to be brought unto him : and when he was come near , he asked him , 18 : 41 Saying , What wilt thou that I shall do unto thee ?
19 : 26 For I say unto you , That unto every one which hath shall be given ; and from him that hath not , even that he hath shall be taken away from him .
19 : 29 And it came to pass , when he was come nigh to Bethphage and Bethany , at the mount called the mount of Olives , he sent two of his disciples , 19 : 30 Saying , Go ye into the village over against you ; in the which at your entering ye shall find a colt tied , whereon yet never man sat : loose him , and bring him hither .
thus shall ye say unto him , Because the Lord hath need of him .
19 : 43 For the days shall come upon thee , that thine enemies shall cast a trench about thee , and compass thee round , and keep thee in on every side , 19 : 44 And shall lay thee even with the ground , and thy children within thee ; and they shall not leave in thee one stone upon another ; because thou knewest not the time of thy visitation .
20 : 5 And they reasoned with themselves , saying , If we shall say , From heaven ; he will say , Why then believed ye him not ?
20 : 13 Then said the lord of the vineyard , What shall I do ?
What therefore shall the lord of the vineyard do unto them ?
20 : 16 He shall come and destroy these husbandmen , and shall give the vineyard to others .
20 : 18 Whosoever shall fall upon that stone shall be broken ; but on whomsoever it shall fall , it will grind him to powder .
20 : 34 And Jesus answering said unto them , The children of this world marry , and are given in marriage : 20 : 35 But they which shall be accounted worthy to obtain that world , and the resurrection from the dead , neither marry , nor are given in marriage : 20 : 36 Neither can they die any more : for they are equal unto the angels ; and are the children of God , being the children of the resurrection .
20 : 45 Then in the audience of all the people he said unto his disciples , 20 : 46 Beware of the scribes , which desire to walk in long robes , and love greetings in the markets , and the highest seats in the synagogues , and the chief rooms at feasts ; 20 : 47 Which devour widows ' houses , and for a shew make long prayers : the same shall receive greater damnation .
21 : 5 And as some spake of the temple , how it was adorned with goodly stones and gifts , he said , 21 : 6 As for these things which ye behold , the days will come , in the which there shall not be left one stone upon another , that shall not be thrown down .
21 : 7 And they asked him , saying , Master , but when shall these things be ?
and what sign will there be when these things shall come to pass ?
21 : 8 And he said , Take heed that ye be not deceived : for many shall come in my name , saying , I am Christ ; and the time draweth near : go ye not therefore after them .
21 : 9 But when ye shall hear of wars and commotions , be not terrified : for these things must first come to pass ; but the end is not by and by .
21 : 10 Then said he unto them , Nation shall rise against nation , and kingdom against kingdom : 21 : 11 And great earthquakes shall be in divers places , and famines , and pestilences ; and fearful sights and great signs shall there be from heaven .
21 : 12 But before all these , they shall lay their hands on you , and persecute you , delivering you up to the synagogues , and into prisons , being brought before kings and rulers for my name ' s sake .
21 : 13 And it shall turn to you for a testimony .
21 : 14 Settle it therefore in your hearts , not to meditate before what ye shall answer : 21 : 15 For I will give you a mouth and wisdom , which all your adversaries shall not be able to gainsay nor resist .
21 : 16 And ye shall be betrayed both by parents , and brethren , and kinsfolks , and friends ; and some of you shall they cause to be put to death .
21 : 17 And ye shall be hated of all men for my name ' s sake .
21 : 18 But there shall not an hair of your head perish .
21 : 20 And when ye shall see Jerusalem compassed with armies , then know that the desolation thereof is nigh .
for there shall be great distress in the land , and wrath upon this people .
21 : 24 And they shall fall by the edge of the sword , and shall be led away captive into all nations : and Jerusalem shall be trodden down of the Gentiles , until the times of the Gentiles be fulfilled .
21 : 25 And there shall be signs in the sun , and in the moon , and in the stars ; and upon the earth distress of nations , with perplexity ; the sea and the waves roaring ; 21 : 26 Men ' s hearts failing them for fear , and for looking after those things which are coming on the earth : for the powers of heaven shall be shaken .
21 : 27 And then shall they see the Son of man coming in a cloud with power and great glory .
21 : 32 Verily I say unto you , This generation shall not pass away , till all be fulfilled .
21 : 33 Heaven and earth shall pass away : but my words shall not pass away .
21 : 35 For as a snare shall it come on all them that dwell on the face of the whole earth .
21 : 36 Watch ye therefore , and pray always , that ye may be accounted worthy to escape all these things that shall come to pass , and to stand before the Son of man .
22 : 10 And he said unto them , Behold , when ye are entered into the city , there shall a man meet you , bearing a pitcher of water ; follow him into the house where he entereth in .
22 : 11 And ye shall say unto the goodman of the house , The Master saith unto thee , Where is the guestchamber , where I shall eat the passover with my disciples ?
22 : 12 And he shall shew you a large upper room furnished : there make ready .
22 : 17 And he took the cup , and gave thanks , and said , Take this , and divide it among yourselves : 22 : 18 For I say unto you , I will not drink of the fruit of the vine , until the kingdom of God shall come .
22 : 26 But ye shall not be so : but he that is greatest among you , let him be as the younger ; and he that is chief , as he that doth serve .
22 : 34 And he said , I tell thee , Peter , the cock shall not crow this day , before that thou shalt thrice deny that thou knowest me .
22 : 49 When they which were about him saw what would follow , they said unto him , Lord , shall we smite with the sword ?
22 : 69 Hereafter shall the Son of man sit on the right hand of the power of God .
23 : 29 For , behold , the days are coming , in the which they shall say , Blessed are the barren , and the wombs that never bare , and the paps which never gave suck .
23 : 30 Then shall they begin to say to the mountains , Fall on us ; and to the hills , Cover us .
23 : 31 For if they do these things in a green tree , what shall be done in the dry ?
1 : 51 And he saith unto him , Verily , verily , I say unto you , Hereafter ye shall see heaven open , and the angels of God ascending and descending upon the Son of man .
3 : 12 If I have told you earthly things , and ye believe not , how shall ye believe , if I tell you of heavenly things ?
3 : 36 He that believeth on the Son hath everlasting life : and he that believeth not the Son shall not see life ; but the wrath of God abideth on him .
4 : 13 Jesus answered and said unto her , Whosoever drinketh of this water shall thirst again : 4 : 14 But whosoever drinketh of the water that I shall give him shall never thirst ; but the water that I shall give him shall be in him a well of water springing up into everlasting life .
4 : 21 Jesus saith unto her , Woman , believe me , the hour cometh , when ye shall neither in this mountain , nor yet at Jerusalem , worship the Father .
4 : 23 But the hour cometh , and now is , when the true worshippers shall worship the Father in spirit and in truth : for the Father seeketh such to worship him .
5 : 24 Verily , verily , I say unto you , He that heareth my word , and believeth on him that sent me , hath everlasting life , and shall not come into condemnation ; but is passed from death unto life .
5 : 25 Verily , verily , I say unto you , The hour is coming , and now is , when the dead shall hear the voice of the Son of God : and they that hear shall live .
5 : 28 Marvel not at this : for the hour is coming , in the which all that are in the graves shall hear his voice , 5 : 29 And shall come forth ; they that have done good , unto the resurrection of life ; and they that have done evil , unto the resurrection of damnation .
5 : 43 I am come in my Father ' s name , and ye receive me not : if another shall come in his own name , him ye will receive .
5 : 47 But if ye believe not his writings , how shall ye believe my words ?
6 : 5 When Jesus then lifted up his eyes , and saw a great company come unto him , he saith unto Philip , Whence shall we buy bread , that these may eat ?
6 : 27 Labour not for the meat which perisheth , but for that meat which endureth unto everlasting life , which the Son of man shall give unto you : for him hath God the Father sealed .
6 : 28 Then said they unto him , What shall we do , that we might work the works of God ?
6 : 35 And Jesus said unto them , I am the bread of life : he that cometh to me shall never hunger ; and he that believeth on me shall never thirst .
6 : 37 All that the Father giveth me shall come to me ; and him that cometh to me I will in no wise cast out .
6 : 45 It is written in the prophets , And they shall be all taught of God .
6 : 51 I am the living bread which came down from heaven : if any man eat of this bread , he shall live for ever : and the bread that I will give is my flesh , which I will give for the life of the world .
6 : 57 As the living Father hath sent me , and I live by the Father : so he that eateth me , even he shall live by me .
6 : 58 This is that bread which came down from heaven : not as your fathers did eat manna , and are dead : he that eateth of this bread shall live for ever .
6 : 62 What and if ye shall see the Son of man ascend up where he was before ?
6 : 68 Then Simon Peter answered him , Lord , to whom shall we go ?
7 : 17 If any man will do his will , he shall know of the doctrine , whether it be of God , or whether I speak of myself .
7 : 34 Ye shall seek me , and shall not find me : and where I am , thither ye cannot come .
7 : 35 Then said the Jews among themselves , Whither will he go , that we shall not find him ?
7 : 36 What manner of saying is this that he said , Ye shall seek me , and shall not find me : and where I am , thither ye cannot come ?
7 : 38 He that believeth on me , as the scripture hath said , out of his belly shall flow rivers of living water .
But some said , Shall Christ come out of Galilee ?
8 : 12 Then spake Jesus again unto them , saying , I am the light of the world : he that followeth me shall not walk in darkness , but shall have the light of life .
8 : 21 Then said Jesus again unto them , I go my way , and ye shall seek me , and shall die in your sins : whither I go , ye cannot come .
8 : 24 I said therefore unto you , that ye shall die in your sins : for if ye believe not that I am he , ye shall die in your sins .
8 : 28 Then said Jesus unto them , When ye have lifted up the Son of man , then shall ye know that I am he , and that I do nothing of myself ; but as my Father hath taught me , I speak these things .
8 : 31 Then said Jesus to those Jews which believed on him , If ye continue in my word , then are ye my disciples indeed ; 8 : 32 And ye shall know the truth , and the truth shall make you free .
8 : 33 They answered him , We be Abraham ' s seed , and were never in bondage to any man : how sayest thou , Ye shall be made free ?
8 : 36 If the Son therefore shall make you free , ye shall be free indeed .
8 : 51 Verily , verily , I say unto you , If a man keep my saying , he shall never see death .
Abraham is dead , and the prophets ; and thou sayest , If a man keep my saying , he shall never taste of death .
8 : 54 Jesus answered , If I honour myself , my honour is nothing : it is my Father that honoureth me ; of whom ye say , that he is your God : 8 : 55 Yet ye have not known him ; but I know him : and if I should say , I know him not , I shall be a liar like unto you : but I know him , and keep his saying .
9 : 20 His parents answered them and said , We know that this is our son , and that he was born blind : 9 : 21 But by what means he now seeth , we know not ; or who hath opened his eyes , we know not : he is of age ; ask him : he shall speak for himself .
10 : 9 I am the door : by me if any man enter in , he shall be saved , and shall go in and out , and find pasture .
10 : 16 And other sheep I have , which are not of this fold : them also I must bring , and they shall hear my voice ; and there shall be one fold , and one shepherd .
10 : 27 My sheep hear my voice , and I know them , and they follow me : 10 : 28 And I give unto them eternal life ; and they shall never perish , neither shall any man pluck them out of my hand .
11 : 12 Then said his disciples , Lord , if he sleep , he shall do well .
11 : 23 Jesus saith unto her , Thy brother shall rise again .
11 : 24 Martha saith unto him , I know that he shall rise again in the resurrection at the last day .
11 : 25 Jesus said unto her , I am the resurrection , and the life : he that believeth in me , though he were dead , yet shall he live : 11 : 26 And whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die .
11 : 48 If we let him thus alone , all men will believe on him : and the Romans shall come and take away both our place and nation .
12 : 25 He that loveth his life shall lose it ; and he that hateth his life in this world shall keep it unto life eternal .
12 : 26 If any man serve me , let him follow me ; and where I am , there shall also my servant be : if any man serve me , him will my Father honour .
12 : 27 Now is my soul troubled ; and what shall I say ?
12 : 31 Now is the judgment of this world : now shall the prince of this world be cast out .
12 : 48 He that rejecteth me , and receiveth not my words , hath one that judgeth him : the word that I have spoken , the same shall judge him in the last day .
13 : 21 When Jesus had thus said , he was troubled in spirit , and testified , and said , Verily , verily , I say unto you , that one of you shall betray me .
13 : 26 Jesus answered , He it is , to whom I shall give a sop , when I have dipped it .
13 : 32 If God be glorified in him , God shall also glorify him in himself , and shall straightway glorify him .
Ye shall seek me : and as I said unto the Jews , Whither I go , ye cannot come ; so now I say to you .
13 : 35 By this shall all men know that ye are my disciples , if ye have love one to another .
Verily , verily , I say unto thee , The cock shall not crow , till thou hast denied me thrice .
14 : 12 Verily , verily , I say unto you , He that believeth on me , the works that I do shall he do also ; and greater works than these shall he do ; because I go unto my Father .
14 : 13 And whatsoever ye shall ask in my name , that will I do , that the Father may be glorified in the Son .
14 : 14 If ye shall ask any thing in my name , I will do it .
14 : 16 And I will pray the Father , and he shall give you another Comforter , that he may abide with you for ever ; 14 : 17 Even the Spirit of truth ; whom the world cannot receive , because it seeth him not , neither knoweth him : but ye know him ; for he dwelleth with you , and shall be in you .
14 : 19 Yet a little while , and the world seeth me no more ; but ye see me : because I live , ye shall live also .
14 : 20 At that day ye shall know that I am in my Father , and ye in me , and I in you .
14 : 21 He that hath my commandments , and keepeth them , he it is that loveth me : and he that loveth me shall be loved of my Father , and I will love him , and will manifest myself to him .
14 : 26 But the Comforter , which is the Holy Ghost , whom the Father will send in my name , he shall teach you all things , and bring all things to your remembrance , whatsoever I have said unto you .
15 : 7 If ye abide in me , and my words abide in you , ye shall ask what ye will , and it shall be done unto you .
15 : 8 Herein is my Father glorified , that ye bear much fruit ; so shall ye be my disciples .
15 : 10 If ye keep my commandments , ye shall abide in my love ; even as I have kept my Father ' s commandments , and abide in his love .
15 : 16 Ye have not chosen me , but I have chosen you , and ordained you , that ye should go and bring forth fruit , and that your fruit should remain : that whatsoever ye shall ask of the Father in my name , he may give it you .
15 : 26 But when the Comforter is come , whom I will send unto you from the Father , even the Spirit of truth , which proceedeth from the Father , he shall testify of me : 15 : 27 And ye also shall bear witness , because ye have been with me from the beginning .
16 : 2 They shall put you out of the synagogues : yea , the time cometh , that whosoever killeth you will think that he doeth God service .
16 : 4 But these things have I told you , that when the time shall come , ye may remember that I told you of them .
16 : 13 Howbeit when he , the Spirit of truth , is come , he will guide you into all truth : for he shall not speak of himself ; but whatsoever he shall hear , that shall he speak : and he will shew you things to come .
16 : 14 He shall glorify me : for he shall receive of mine , and shall shew it unto you .
16 : 15 All things that the Father hath are mine : therefore said I , that he shall take of mine , and shall shew it unto you .
16 : 16 A little while , and ye shall not see me : and again , a little while , and ye shall see me , because I go to the Father .
16 : 17 Then said some of his disciples among themselves , What is this that he saith unto us , A little while , and ye shall not see me : and again , a little while , and ye shall see me : and , Because I go to the Father ?
16 : 19 Now Jesus knew that they were desirous to ask him , and said unto them , Do ye enquire among yourselves of that I said , A little while , and ye shall not see me : and again , a little while , and ye shall see me ?
16 : 20 Verily , verily , I say unto you , That ye shall weep and lament , but the world shall rejoice : and ye shall be sorrowful , but your sorrow shall be turned into joy .
16 : 22 And ye now therefore have sorrow : but I will see you again , and your heart shall rejoice , and your joy no man taketh from you .
16 : 23 And in that day ye shall ask me nothing .
Verily , verily , I say unto you , Whatsoever ye shall ask the Father in my name , he will give it you .
16 : 24 Hitherto have ye asked nothing in my name : ask , and ye shall receive , that your joy may be full .
16 : 25 These things have I spoken unto you in proverbs : but the time cometh , when I shall no more speak unto you in proverbs , but I shall shew you plainly of the Father .
16 : 26 At that day ye shall ask in my name : and I say not unto you , that I will pray the Father for you : 16 : 27 For the Father himself loveth you , because ye have loved me , and have believed that I came out from God .
16 : 32 Behold , the hour cometh , yea , is now come , that ye shall be scattered , every man to his own , and shall leave me alone : and yet I am not alone , because the Father is with me .
In the world ye shall have tribulation : but be of good cheer ; I have overcome the world .
17 : 20 Neither pray I for these alone , but for them also which shall believe on me through their word ; 17 : 21 That they all may be one ; as thou , Father , art in me , and I in thee , that they also may be one in us : that the world may believe that thou hast sent me .
18 : 11 Then said Jesus unto Peter , Put up thy sword into the sheath : the cup which my Father hath given me , shall I not drink it ?
Pilate saith unto them , Shall I crucify your King ?
19 : 24 They said therefore among themselves , Let us not rend it , but cast lots for it , whose it shall be : that the scripture might be fulfilled , which saith , They parted my raiment among them , and for my vesture they did cast lots .
19 : 36 For these things were done , that the scripture should be fulfilled , A bone of him shall not be broken .
19 : 37 And again another scripture saith , They shall look on him whom they pierced .
But he said unto them , Except I shall see in his hands the print of the nails , and put my finger into the print of the nails , and thrust my hand into his side , I will not believe .
21 : 6 And he said unto them , Cast the net on the right side of the ship , and ye shall find .
21 : 18 Verily , verily , I say unto thee , When thou wast young , thou girdest thyself , and walkedst whither thou wouldest : but when thou shalt be old , thou shalt stretch forth thy hands , and another shall gird thee , and carry thee whither thou wouldest not .
21 : 21 Peter seeing him saith to Jesus , Lord , and what shall this man do ?
21 : 23 Then went this saying abroad among the brethren , that that disciple should not die : yet Jesus said not unto him , He shall not die ; but , If I will that he tarry till I come , what is that to thee ?
1 : 5 For John truly baptized with water ; but ye shall be baptized with the Holy Ghost not many days hence .
1 : 8 But ye shall receive power , after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you : and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem , and in all Judaea , and in Samaria , and unto the uttermost part of the earth .
this same Jesus , which is taken up from you into heaven , shall so come in like manner as ye have seen him go into heaven .
2 : 16 But this is that which was spoken by the prophet Joel ; 2 : 17 And it shall come to pass in the last days , saith God , I will pour out of my Spirit upon all flesh : and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy , and your young men shall see visions , and your old men shall dream dreams : 2 : 18 And on my servants and on my handmaidens I will pour out in those days of my Spirit ; and they shall prophesy : 2 : 19 And I will shew wonders in heaven above , and signs in the earth beneath ; blood , and fire , and vapour of smoke : 2 : 20 The sun shall be turned into darkness , and the moon into blood , before the great and notable day of the Lord come : 2 : 21 And it shall come to pass , that whosoever shall call on the name of the Lord shall be saved .
2 : 25 For David speaketh concerning him , I foresaw the Lord always before my face , for he is on my right hand , that I should not be moved : 2 : 26 Therefore did my heart rejoice , and my tongue was glad ; moreover also my flesh shall rest in hope : 2 : 27 Because thou wilt not leave my soul in hell , neither wilt thou suffer thine Holy One to see corruption .
2 : 37 Now when they heard this , they were pricked in their heart , and said unto Peter and to the rest of the apostles , Men and brethren , what shall we do ?
2 : 38 Then Peter said unto them , Repent , and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins , and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost .
2 : 39 For the promise is unto you , and to your children , and to all that are afar off , even as many as the LORD our God shall call .
3 : 19 Repent ye therefore , and be converted , that your sins may be blotted out , when the times of refreshing shall come from the presence of the Lord .
3 : 20 And he shall send Jesus Christ , which before was preached unto you : 3 : 21 Whom the heaven must receive until the times of restitution of all things , which God hath spoken by the mouth of all his holy prophets since the world began .
3 : 22 For Moses truly said unto the fathers , A prophet shall the Lord your God raise up unto you of your brethren , like unto me ; him shall ye hear in all things whatsoever he shall say unto you .
3 : 23 And it shall come to pass , that every soul , which will not hear that prophet , shall be destroyed from among the people .
3 : 25 Ye are the children of the prophets , and of the covenant which God made with our fathers , saying unto Abraham , And in thy seed shall all the kindreds of the earth be blessed .
4 : 15 But when they had commanded them to go aside out of the council , they conferred among themselves , 4 : 16 Saying , What shall we do to these men ?
behold , the feet of them which have buried thy husband are at the door , and shall carry thee out .
6 : 12 And they stirred up the people , and the elders , and the scribes , and came upon him , and caught him , and brought him to the council , 6 : 13 And set up false witnesses , which said , This man ceaseth not to speak blasphemous words against this holy place , and the law : 6 : 14 For we have heard him say , that this Jesus of Nazareth shall destroy this place , and shall change the customs which Moses delivered us .
7 : 2 And he said , Men , brethren , and fathers , hearken ; The God of glory appeared unto our father Abraham , when he was in Mesopotamia , before he dwelt in Charran , 7 : 3 And said unto him , Get thee out of thy country , and from thy kindred , and come into the land which I shall shew thee .
7 : 7 And the nation to whom they shall be in bondage will I judge , said God : and after that shall they come forth , and serve me in this place .
7 : 37 This is that Moses , which said unto the children of Israel , A prophet shall the Lord your God raise up unto you of your brethren , like unto me ; him shall ye hear .
8 : 32 The place of the scripture which he read was this , He was led as a sheep to the slaughter ; and like a lamb dumb before his shearer , so opened he not his mouth : 8 : 33 In his humiliation his judgment was taken away : and who shall declare his generation ?
And the Lord said unto him , Arise , and go into the city , and it shall be told thee what thou must do .
10 : 5 And now send men to Joppa , and call for one Simon , whose surname is Peter : 10 : 6 He lodgeth with one Simon a tanner , whose house is by the sea side : he shall tell thee what thou oughtest to do .
10 : 32 Send therefore to Joppa , and call hither Simon , whose surname is Peter ; he is lodged in the house of one Simon a tanner by the sea side : who , when he cometh , shall speak unto thee .
10 : 43 To him give all the prophets witness , that through his name whosoever believeth in him shall receive remission of sins .
Moreover these six brethren accompanied me , and we entered into the man ' s house : 11 : 13 And he shewed us how he had seen an angel in his house , which stood and said unto him , Send men to Joppa , and call for Simon , whose surname is Peter ; 11 : 14 Who shall tell thee words , whereby thou and all thy house shall be saved .
11 : 16 Then remembered I the word of the Lord , how that he said , John indeed baptized with water ; but ye shall be baptized with the Holy Ghost .
13 : 22 And when he had removed him , he raised up unto them David to be their king ; to whom also he gave their testimony , and said , I have found David the son of Jesse , a man after mine own heart , which shall fulfil all my will .
13 : 40 Beware therefore , lest that come upon you , which is spoken of in the prophets ; 13 : 41 Behold , ye despisers , and wonder , and perish : for I work a work in your days , a work which ye shall in no wise believe , though a man declare it unto you .
15 : 11 But we believe that through the grace of the LORD Jesus Christ we shall be saved , even as they .
15 : 27 We have sent therefore Judas and Silas , who shall also tell you the same things by mouth .
15 : 28 For it seemed good to the Holy Ghost , and to us , to lay upon you no greater burden than these necessary things ; 15 : 29 That ye abstain from meats offered to idols , and from blood , and from things strangled , and from fornication : from which if ye keep yourselves , ye shall do well .
18 : 9 Then spake the Lord to Paul in the night by a vision , Be not afraid , but speak , and hold not thy peace : 18 : 10 For I am with thee , and no man shall set on thee to hurt thee : for I have much people in this city .
19 : 39 But if ye enquire any thing concerning other matters , it shall be determined in a lawful assembly .
20 : 22 And now , behold , I go bound in the spirit unto Jerusalem , not knowing the things that shall befall me there : 20 : 23 Save that the Holy Ghost witnesseth in every city , saying that bonds and afflictions abide me .
20 : 25 And now , behold , I know that ye all , among whom I have gone preaching the kingdom of God , shall see my face no more .
20 : 29 For I know this , that after my departing shall grievous wolves enter in among you , not sparing the flock .
20 : 30 Also of your own selves shall men arise , speaking perverse things , to draw away disciples after them .
21 : 11 And when he was come unto us , he took Paul ' s girdle , and bound his own hands and feet , and said , Thus saith the Holy Ghost , So shall the Jews at Jerusalem bind the man that owneth this girdle , and shall deliver him into the hands of the Gentiles .
22 : 10 And I said , What shall I do , LORD ?
And the Lord said unto me , Arise , and go into Damascus ; and there it shall be told thee of all things which are appointed for thee to do .
23 : 3 Then said Paul unto him , God shall smite thee , thou whited wall : for sittest thou to judge me after the law , and commandest me to be smitten contrary to the law ?
24 : 14 But this I confess unto thee , that after the way which they call heresy , so worship I the God of my fathers , believing all things which are written in the law and in the prophets : 24 : 15 And have hope toward God , which they themselves also allow , that there shall be a resurrection of the dead , both of the just and unjust .
24 : 22 And when Felix heard these things , having more perfect knowledge of that way , he deferred them , and said , When Lysias the chief captain shall come down , I will know the uttermost of your matter .
Then Paul stretched forth the hand , and answered for himself : 26 : 2 I think myself happy , king Agrippa , because I shall answer for myself this day before thee touching all the things whereof I am accused of the Jews : 26 : 3 Especially because I know thee to be expert in all customs and questions which are among the Jews : wherefore I beseech thee to hear me patiently .
27 : 22 And now I exhort you to be of good cheer : for there shall be no loss of any man ' s life among you , but of the ship .
27 : 25 Wherefore , sirs , be of good cheer : for I believe God , that it shall be even as it was told me .
27 : 34 Wherefore I pray you to take some meat : for this is for your health : for there shall not an hair fall from the head of any of you .
28 : 25 And when they agreed not among themselves , they departed , after that Paul had spoken one word , Well spake the Holy Ghost by Esaias the prophet unto our fathers , 28 : 26 Saying , Go unto this people , and say , Hearing ye shall hear , and shall not understand ; and seeing ye shall see , and not perceive : 28 : 27 For the heart of this people is waxed gross , and their ears are dull of hearing , and their eyes have they closed ; lest they should see with their eyes , and hear with their ears , and understand with their heart , and should be converted , and I should heal them .
1 : 17 For therein is the righteousness of God revealed from faith to faith : as it is written , The just shall live by faith .
2 : 12 For as many as have sinned without law shall also perish without law : and as many as have sinned in the law shall be judged by the law ; 2 : 13 ( For not the hearers of the law are just before God , but the doers of the law shall be justified .
2 : 14 For when the Gentiles , which have not the law , do by nature the things contained in the law , these , having not the law , are a law unto themselves : 2 : 15 Which shew the work of the law written in their hearts , their conscience also bearing witness , and their thoughts the mean while accusing or else excusing one another ;) 2 : 16 In the day when God shall judge the secrets of men by Jesus Christ according to my gospel .
2 : 26 Therefore if the uncircumcision keep the righteousness of the law , shall not his uncircumcision be counted for circumcision ?
2 : 27 And shall not uncircumcision which is by nature , if it fulfil the law , judge thee , who by the letter and circumcision dost transgress the law ?
shall their unbelief make the faith of God without effect ?
3 : 5 But if our unrighteousness commend the righteousness of God , what shall we say ?
( I speak as a man ) 3 : 6 God forbid : for then how shall God judge the world ?
3 : 20 Therefore by the deeds of the law there shall no flesh be justified in his sight : for by the law is the knowledge of sin .
Yes , of the Gentiles also : 3 : 30 Seeing it is one God , which shall justify the circumcision by faith , and uncircumcision through faith .
4 : 1 What shall we say then that Abraham our father , as pertaining to the flesh , hath found ?
4 : 18 Who against hope believed in hope , that he might become the father of many nations , according to that which was spoken , So shall thy seed be .
4 : 23 Now it was not written for his sake alone , that it was imputed to him ; 4 : 24 But for us also , to whom it shall be imputed , if we believe on him that raised up Jesus our Lord from the dead ; 4 : 25 Who was delivered for our offences , and was raised again for our justification .
5 : 9 Much more then , being now justified by his blood , we shall be saved from wrath through him .
5 : 10 For if , when we were enemies , we were reconciled to God by the death of his Son , much more , being reconciled , we shall be saved by his life .
5 : 17 For if by one man ' s offence death reigned by one ; much more they which receive abundance of grace and of the gift of righteousness shall reign in life by one , Jesus Christ .)
5 : 19 For as by one man ' s disobedience many were made sinners , so by the obedience of one shall many be made righteous .
6 : 1 What shall we say then ?
Shall we continue in sin , that grace may abound ?
How shall we , that are dead to sin , live any longer therein ?
6 : 5 For if we have been planted together in the likeness of his death , we shall be also in the likeness of his resurrection : 6 : 6 Knowing this , that our old man is crucified with him , that the body of sin might be destroyed , that henceforth we should not serve sin .
6 : 8 Now if we be dead with Christ , we believe that we shall also live with him : 6 : 9 Knowing that Christ being raised from the dead dieth no more ; death hath no more dominion over him .
6 : 14 For sin shall not have dominion over you : for ye are not under the law , but under grace .
shall we sin , because we are not under the law , but under grace ?
7 : 3 So then if , while her husband liveth , she be married to another man , she shall be called an adulteress : but if her husband be dead , she is free from that law ; so that she is no adulteress , though she be married to another man .
7 : 7 What shall we say then ?
who shall deliver me from the body of this death ?
8 : 11 But if the Spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you , he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by his Spirit that dwelleth in you .
8 : 13 For if ye live after the flesh , ye shall die : but if ye through the Spirit do mortify the deeds of the body , ye shall live .
8 : 18 For I reckon that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us .
8 : 20 For the creature was made subject to vanity , not willingly , but by reason of him who hath subjected the same in hope , 8 : 21 Because the creature itself also shall be delivered from the bondage of corruption into the glorious liberty of the children of God .
8 : 31 What shall we then say to these things ?
8 : 32 He that spared not his own Son , but delivered him up for us all , how shall he not with him also freely give us all things ?
8 : 33 Who shall lay any thing to the charge of God ' s elect ?
8 : 35 Who shall separate us from the love of Christ ?
shall tribulation , or distress , or persecution , or famine , or nakedness , or peril , or sword ?
8 : 38 For I am persuaded , that neither death , nor life , nor angels , nor principalities , nor powers , nor things present , nor things to come , 8 : 39 Nor height , nor depth , nor any other creature , shall be able to separate us from the love of God , which is in Christ Jesus our Lord .
For they are not all Israel , which are of Israel : 9 : 7 Neither , because they are the seed of Abraham , are they all children : but , In Isaac shall thy seed be called .
9 : 9 For this is the word of promise , At this time will I come , and Sarah shall have a son .
9 : 10 And not only this ; but when Rebecca also had conceived by one , even by our father Isaac ; 9 : 11 ( For the children being not yet born , neither having done any good or evil , that the purpose of God according to election might stand , not of works , but of him that calleth ;) 9 : 12 It was said unto her , The elder shall serve the younger .
9 : 14 What shall we say then ?
Shall the thing formed say to him that formed it , Why hast thou made me thus ?
9 : 26 And it shall come to pass , that in the place where it was said unto them , Ye are not my people ; there shall they be called the children of the living God .
9 : 27 Esaias also crieth concerning Israel , Though the number of the children of Israel be as the sand of the sea , a remnant shall be saved : 9 : 28 For he will finish the work , and cut it short in righteousness : because a short work will the Lord make upon the earth .
9 : 30 What shall we say then ?
For they stumbled at that stumblingstone ; 9 : 33 As it is written , Behold , I lay in Sion a stumblingstone and rock of offence : and whosoever believeth on him shall not be ashamed .
10 : 5 For Moses describeth the righteousness which is of the law , That the man which doeth those things shall live by them .
10 : 6 But the righteousness which is of faith speaketh on this wise , Say not in thine heart , Who shall ascend into heaven ?
( that is , to bring Christ down from above :) 10 : 7 Or , Who shall descend into the deep ?
10 : 11 For the scripture saith , Whosoever believeth on him shall not be ashamed .
10 : 13 For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved .
10 : 14 How then shall they call on him in whom they have not believed ?
and how shall they believe in him of whom they have not heard ?
and how shall they hear without a preacher ?
10 : 15 And how shall they preach , except they be sent ?
11 : 15 For if the casting away of them be the reconciling of the world , what shall the receiving of them be , but life from the dead ?
11 : 23 And they also , if they abide not still in unbelief , shall be graffed in : for God is able to graff them in again .
11 : 24 For if thou wert cut out of the olive tree which is wild by nature , and wert graffed contrary to nature into a good olive tree : how much more shall these , which be the natural branches , be graffed into their own olive tree ?
11 : 26 And so all Israel shall be saved : as it is written , There shall come out of Sion the Deliverer , and shall turn away ungodliness from Jacob : 11 : 27 For this is my covenant unto them , when I shall take away their sins .
11 : 35 Or who hath first given to him , and it shall be recompensed unto him again ?
13 : 2 Whosoever therefore resisteth the power , resisteth the ordinance of God : and they that resist shall receive to themselves damnation .
Yea , he shall be holden up : for God is able to make him stand .
for we shall all stand before the judgment seat of Christ .
14 : 11 For it is written , As I live , saith the Lord , every knee shall bow to me , and every tongue shall confess to God .
14 : 12 So then every one of us shall give account of himself to God .
15 : 12 And again , Esaias saith , There shall be a root of Jesse , and he that shall rise to reign over the Gentiles ; in him shall the Gentiles trust .
15 : 20 Yea , so have I strived to preach the gospel , not where Christ was named , lest I should build upon another man ' s foundation : 15 : 21 But as it is written , To whom he was not spoken of , they shall see : and they that have not heard shall understand .
15 : 29 And I am sure that , when I come unto you , I shall come in the fulness of the blessing of the gospel of Christ .
16 : 20 And the God of peace shall bruise Satan under your feet shortly .
1 : 4 I thank my God always on your behalf , for the grace of God which is given you by Jesus Christ ; 1 : 5 That in every thing ye are enriched by him , in all utterance , and in all knowledge ; 1 : 6 Even as the testimony of Christ was confirmed in you : 1 : 7 So that ye come behind in no gift ; waiting for the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ : 1 : 8 Who shall also confirm you unto the end , that ye may be blameless in the day of our Lord Jesus Christ .
3 : 8 Now he that planteth and he that watereth are one : and every man shall receive his own reward according to his own labour .
3 : 12 Now if any man build upon this foundation gold , silver , precious stones , wood , hay , stubble ; 3 : 13 Every man ' s work shall be made manifest : for the day shall declare it , because it shall be revealed by fire ; and the fire shall try every man ' s work of what sort it is .
3 : 14 If any man ' s work abide which he hath built thereupon , he shall receive a reward .
3 : 15 If any man ' s work shall be burned , he shall suffer loss : but he himself shall be saved ; yet so as by fire .
3 : 17 If any man defile the temple of God , him shall God destroy ; for the temple of God is holy , which temple ye are .
4 : 5 Therefore judge nothing before the time , until the Lord come , who both will bring to light the hidden things of darkness , and will make manifest the counsels of the hearts : and then shall every man have praise of God .
4 : 17 For this cause have I sent unto you Timotheus , who is my beloved son , and faithful in the Lord , who shall bring you into remembrance of my ways which be in Christ , as I teach every where in every church .
shall I come unto you with a rod , or in love , and in the spirit of meekness ?
6 : 2 Do ye not know that the saints shall judge the world ?
and if the world shall be judged by you , are ye unworthy to judge the smallest matters ?
6 : 3 Know ye not that we shall judge angels ?
no , not one that shall be able to judge between his brethren ?
6 : 9 Know ye not that the unrighteous shall not inherit the kingdom of God ?
Be not deceived : neither fornicators , nor idolaters , nor adulterers , nor effeminate , nor abusers of themselves with mankind , 6 : 10 Nor thieves , nor covetous , nor drunkards , nor revilers , nor extortioners , shall inherit the kingdom of God .
6 : 13 Meats for the belly , and the belly for meats : but God shall destroy both it and them .
shall I then take the members of Christ , and make them the members of an harlot ?
for two , saith he , shall be one flesh .
Nevertheless such shall have trouble in the flesh : but I spare you .
8 : 10 For if any man see thee which hast knowledge sit at meat in the idol ' s temple , shall not the conscience of him which is weak be emboldened to eat those things which are offered to idols ; 8 : 11 And through thy knowledge shall the weak brother perish , for whom Christ died ?
9 : 11 If we have sown unto you spiritual things , is it a great thing if we shall reap your carnal things ?
What shall I say to you ?
shall I praise you in this ?
11 : 27 Wherefore whosoever shall eat this bread , and drink this cup of the Lord , unworthily , shall be guilty of the body and blood of the Lord .
12 : 15 If the foot shall say , Because I am not the hand , I am not of the body ; is it therefore not of the body ?
12 : 16 And if the ear shall say , Because I am not the eye , I am not of the body ; is it therefore not of the body ?
13 : 8 Charity never faileth : but whether there be prophecies , they shall fail ; whether there be tongues , they shall cease ; whether there be knowledge , it shall vanish away .
13 : 10 But when that which is perfect is come , then that which is in part shall be done away .
13 : 12 For now we see through a glass , darkly ; but then face to face : now I know in part ; but then shall I know even as also I am known .
14 : 6 Now , brethren , if I come unto you speaking with tongues , what shall I profit you , except I shall speak to you either by revelation , or by knowledge , or by prophesying , or by doctrine ?
14 : 7 And even things without life giving sound , whether pipe or harp , except they give a distinction in the sounds , how shall it be known what is piped or harped ?
14 : 8 For if the trumpet give an uncertain sound , who shall prepare himself to the battle ?
14 : 9 So likewise ye , except ye utter by the tongue words easy to be understood , how shall it be known what is spoken ?
for ye shall speak into the air .
14 : 11 Therefore if I know not the meaning of the voice , I shall be unto him that speaketh a barbarian , and he that speaketh shall be a barbarian unto me .
14 : 16 Else when thou shalt bless with the spirit , how shall he that occupieth the room of the unlearned say Amen at thy giving of thanks , seeing he understandeth not what thou sayest ?
15 : 22 For as in Adam all die , even so in Christ shall all be made alive .
15 : 24 Then cometh the end , when he shall have delivered up the kingdom to God , even the Father ; when he shall have put down all rule and all authority and power .
15 : 26 The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death .
15 : 28 And when all things shall be subdued unto him , then shall the Son also himself be subject unto him that put all things under him , that God may be all in all .
15 : 29 Else what shall they do which are baptized for the dead , if the dead rise not at all ?
15 : 36 Thou fool , that which thou sowest is not quickened , except it die : 15 : 37 And that which thou sowest , thou sowest not that body that shall be , but bare grain , it may chance of wheat , or of some other grain : 15 : 38 But God giveth it a body as it hath pleased him , and to every seed his own body .
15 : 49 And as we have borne the image of the earthy , we shall also bear the image of the heavenly .
15 : 51 Behold , I shew you a mystery ; We shall not all sleep , but we shall all be changed , 15 : 52 In a moment , in the twinkling of an eye , at the last trump : for the trumpet shall sound , and the dead shall be raised incorruptible , and we shall be changed .
15 : 54 So when this corruptible shall have put on incorruption , and this mortal shall have put on immortality , then shall be brought to pass the saying that is written , Death is swallowed up in victory .
16 : 3 And when I come , whomsoever ye shall approve by your letters , them will I send to bring your liberality unto Jerusalem .
16 : 4 And if it be meet that I go also , they shall go with me .
16 : 5 Now I will come unto you , when I shall pass through Macedonia : for I do pass through Macedonia .
16 : 12 As touching our brother Apollos , I greatly desired him to come unto you with the brethren : but his will was not at all to come at this time ; but he will come when he shall have convenient time .
1 : 7 And our hope of you is stedfast , knowing , that as ye are partakers of the sufferings , so shall ye be also of the consolation .
1 : 13 For we write none other things unto you , than what ye read or acknowledge ; and I trust ye shall acknowledge even to the end ; 1 : 14 As also ye have acknowledged us in part , that we are your rejoicing , even as ye also are our ' s in the day of the Lord Jesus .
3 : 7 But if the ministration of death , written and engraven in stones , was glorious , so that the children of Israel could not stedfastly behold the face of Moses for the glory of his countenance ; which glory was to be done away : 3 : 8 How shall not the ministration of the spirit be rather glorious ?
3 : 16 Nevertheless when it shall turn to the Lord , the vail shall be taken away .
4 : 13 We having the same spirit of faith , according as it is written , I believed , and therefore have I spoken ; we also believe , and therefore speak ; 4 : 14 Knowing that he which raised up the Lord Jesus shall raise up us also by Jesus , and shall present us with you .
5 : 2 For in this we groan , earnestly desiring to be clothed upon with our house which is from heaven : 5 : 3 If so be that being clothed we shall not be found naked .
for ye are the temple of the living God ; as God hath said , I will dwell in them , and walk in them ; and I will be their God , and they shall be my people .
6 : 18 And will be a Father unto you , and ye shall be my sons and daughters , saith the Lord Almighty .
9 : 6 But this I say , He which soweth sparingly shall reap also sparingly ; and he which soweth bountifully shall reap also bountifully .
10 : 14 For we stretch not ourselves beyond our measure , as though we reached not unto you : for we are come as far as to you also in preaching the gospel of Christ : 10 : 15 Not boasting of things without our measure , that is , of other men ' s labours ; but having hope , when your faith is increased , that we shall be enlarged by you according to our rule abundantly , 10 : 16 To preach the gospel in the regions beyond you , and not to boast in another man ' s line of things made ready to our hand .
11 : 10 As the truth of Christ is in me , no man shall stop me of this boasting in the regions of Achaia .
11 : 15 Therefore it is no great thing if his ministers also be transformed as the ministers of righteousness ; whose end shall be according to their works .
12 : 6 For though I would desire to glory , I shall not be a fool ; for I will say the truth : but now I forbear , lest any man should think of me above that which he seeth me to be , or that he heareth of me .
12 : 20 For I fear , lest , when I come , I shall not find you such as I would , and that I shall be found unto you such as ye would not : lest there be debates , envyings , wraths , strifes , backbitings , whisperings , swellings , tumults : 12 : 21 And lest , when I come again , my God will humble me among you , and that I shall bewail many which have sinned already , and have not repented of the uncleanness and fornication and lasciviousness which they have committed .
In the mouth of two or three witnesses shall every word be established .
For we also are weak in him , but we shall live with him by the power of God toward you .
13 : 6 But I trust that ye shall know that we are not reprobates .
Be perfect , be of good comfort , be of one mind , live in peace ; and the God of love and peace shall be with you .
2 : 15 We who are Jews by nature , and not sinners of the Gentiles , 2 : 16 Knowing that a man is not justified by the works of the law , but by the faith of Jesus Christ , even we have believed in Jesus Christ , that we might be justified by the faith of Christ , and not by the works of the law : for by the works of the law shall no flesh be justified .
3 : 8 And the scripture , foreseeing that God would justify the heathen through faith , preached before the gospel unto Abraham , saying , In thee shall all nations be blessed .
3 : 11 But that no man is justified by the law in the sight of God , it is evident : for , The just shall live by faith .
3 : 12 And the law is not of faith : but , The man that doeth them shall live in them .
Cast out the bondwoman and her son : for the son of the bondwoman shall not be heir with the son of the freewoman .
5 : 2 Behold , I Paul say unto you , that if ye be circumcised , Christ shall profit you nothing .
5 : 10 I have confidence in you through the Lord , that ye will be none otherwise minded : but he that troubleth you shall bear his judgment , whosoever he be .
5 : 16 This I say then , Walk in the Spirit , and ye shall not fulfil the lust of the flesh .
5 : 19 Now the works of the flesh are manifest , which are these ; Adultery , fornication , uncleanness , lasciviousness , 5 : 20 Idolatry , witchcraft , hatred , variance , emulations , wrath , strife , seditions , heresies , 5 : 21 Envyings , murders , drunkenness , revellings , and such like : of the which I tell you before , as I have also told you in time past , that they which do such things shall not inherit the kingdom of God .
6 : 4 But let every man prove his own work , and then shall he have rejoicing in himself alone , and not in another .
6 : 5 For every man shall bear his own burden .
6 : 7 Be not deceived ; God is not mocked : for whatsoever a man soweth , that shall he also reap .
6 : 8 For he that soweth to his flesh shall of the flesh reap corruption ; but he that soweth to the Spirit shall of the Spirit reap life everlasting .
6 : 9 And let us not be weary in well doing : for in due season we shall reap , if we faint not .
5 : 14 Wherefore he saith , Awake thou that sleepest , and arise from the dead , and Christ shall give thee light .
5 : 31 For this cause shall a man leave his father and mother , and shall be joined unto his wife , and they two shall be one flesh .
6 : 5 Servants , be obedient to them that are your masters according to the flesh , with fear and trembling , in singleness of your heart , as unto Christ ; 6 : 6 Not with eyeservice , as menpleasers ; but as the servants of Christ , doing the will of God from the heart ; 6 : 7 With good will doing service , as to the Lord , and not to men : 6 : 8 Knowing that whatsoever good thing any man doeth , the same shall he receive of the Lord , whether he be bond or free .
6 : 14 Stand therefore , having your loins girt about with truth , and having on the breastplate of righteousness ; 6 : 15 And your feet shod with the preparation of the gospel of peace ; 6 : 16 Above all , taking the shield of faith , wherewith ye shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked .
6 : 21 But that ye also may know my affairs , and how I do , Tychicus , a beloved brother and faithful minister in the Lord , shall make known to you all things : 6 : 22 Whom I have sent unto you for the same purpose , that ye might know our affairs , and that he might comfort your hearts .
1 : 19 For I know that this shall turn to my salvation through your prayer , and the supply of the Spirit of Jesus Christ , 1 : 20 According to my earnest expectation and my hope , that in nothing I shall be ashamed , but that with all boldness , as always , so now also Christ shall be magnified in my body , whether it be by life , or by death .
1 : 22 But if I live in the flesh , this is the fruit of my labour : yet what I shall choose I wot not .
1 : 25 And having this confidence , I know that I shall abide and continue with you all for your furtherance and joy of faith ; 1 : 26 That your rejoicing may be more abundant in Jesus Christ for me by my coming to you again .
2 : 23 Him therefore I hope to send presently , so soon as I shall see how it will go with me .
2 : 24 But I trust in the Lord that I also myself shall come shortly .
3 : 15 Let us therefore , as many as be perfect , be thus minded : and if in any thing ye be otherwise minded , God shall reveal even this unto you .
3 : 20 For our conversation is in heaven ; from whence also we look for the Saviour , the Lord Jesus Christ : 3 : 21 Who shall change our vile body , that it may be fashioned like unto his glorious body , according to the working whereby he is able even to subdue all things unto himself .
4 : 7 And the peace of God , which passeth all understanding , shall keep your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus .
4 : 9 Those things , which ye have both learned , and received , and heard , and seen in me , do : and the God of peace shall be with you .
4 : 19 But my God shall supply all your need according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus .
3 : 4 When Christ , who is our life , shall appear , then shall ye also appear with him in glory .
3 : 22 Servants , obey in all things your masters according to the flesh ; not with eyeservice , as menpleasers ; but in singleness of heart , fearing God ; 3 : 23 And whatsoever ye do , do it heartily , as to the Lord , and not unto men ; 3 : 24 Knowing that of the Lord ye shall receive the reward of the inheritance : for ye serve the Lord Christ .
3 : 25 But he that doeth wrong shall receive for the wrong which he hath done : and there is no respect of persons .
4 : 7 All my state shall Tychicus declare unto you , who is a beloved brother , and a faithful minister and fellowservant in the Lord : 4 : 8 Whom I have sent unto you for the same purpose , that he might know your estate , and comfort your hearts ; 4 : 9 With Onesimus , a faithful and beloved brother , who is one of you .
They shall make known unto you all things which are done here .
4 : 15 For this we say unto you by the word of the Lord , that we which are alive and remain unto the coming of the Lord shall not prevent them which are asleep .
4 : 16 For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout , with the voice of the archangel , and with the trump of God : and the dead in Christ shall rise first : 4 : 17 Then we which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them in the clouds , to meet the Lord in the air : and so shall we ever be with the Lord .
5 : 3 For when they shall say , Peace and safety ; then sudden destruction cometh upon them , as travail upon a woman with child ; and they shall not escape .
1 : 3 We are bound to thank God always for you , brethren , as it is meet , because that your faith groweth exceedingly , and the charity of every one of you all toward each other aboundeth ; 1 : 4 So that we ourselves glory in you in the churches of God for your patience and faith in all your persecutions and tribulations that ye endure : 1 : 5 Which is a manifest token of the righteous judgment of God , that ye may be counted worthy of the kingdom of God , for which ye also suffer : 1 : 6 Seeing it is a righteous thing with God to recompense tribulation to them that trouble you ; 1 : 7 And to you who are troubled rest with us , when the Lord Jesus shall be revealed from heaven with his mighty angels , 1 : 8 In flaming fire taking vengeance on them that know not God , and that obey not the gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ : 1 : 9 Who shall be punished with everlasting destruction from the presence of the Lord , and from the glory of his power ; 1 : 10 When he shall come to be glorified in his saints , and to be admired in all them that believe ( because our testimony among you was believed ) in that day .
2 : 3 Let no man deceive you by any means : for that day shall not come , except there come a falling away first , and that man of sin be revealed , the son of perdition ; 2 : 4 Who opposeth and exalteth himself above all that is called God , or that is worshipped ; so that he as God sitteth in the temple of God , shewing himself that he is God .
2 : 8 And then shall that Wicked be revealed , whom the Lord shall consume with the spirit of his mouth , and shall destroy with the brightness of his coming : 2 : 9 Even him , whose coming is after the working of Satan with all power and signs and lying wonders , 2 : 10 And with all deceivableness of unrighteousness in them that perish ; because they received not the love of the truth , that they might be saved .
2 : 11 And for this cause God shall send them strong delusion , that they should believe a lie : 2 : 12 That they all might be damned who believed not the truth , but had pleasure in unrighteousness .
3 : 3 But the Lord is faithful , who shall stablish you , and keep you from evil .
2 : 15 Notwithstanding she shall be saved in childbearing , if they continue in faith and charity and holiness with sobriety .
3 : 2 A bishop then must be blameless , the husband of one wife , vigilant , sober , of good behaviour , given to hospitality , apt to teach ; 3 : 3 Not given to wine , no striker , not greedy of filthy lucre ; but patient , not a brawler , not covetous ; 3 : 4 One that ruleth well his own house , having his children in subjection with all gravity ; 3 : 5 ( For if a man know not how to rule his own house , how shall he take care of the church of God ?)
4 : 1 Now the Spirit speaketh expressly , that in the latter times some shall depart from the faith , giving heed to seducing spirits , and doctrines of devils ; 4 : 2 Speaking lies in hypocrisy ; having their conscience seared with a hot iron ; 4 : 3 Forbidding to marry , and commanding to abstain from meats , which God hath created to be received with thanksgiving of them which believe and know the truth .
6 : 13 I give thee charge in the sight of God , who quickeneth all things , and before Christ Jesus , who before Pontius Pilate witnessed a good confession ; 6 : 14 That thou keep this commandment without spot , unrebukable , until the appearing of our Lord Jesus Christ : 6 : 15 Which in his times he shall shew , who is the blessed and only Potentate , the King of kings , and Lord of lords ; 6 : 16 Who only hath immortality , dwelling in the light which no man can approach unto ; whom no man hath seen , nor can see : to whom be honour and power everlasting .
2 : 2 And the things that thou hast heard of me among many witnesses , the same commit thou to faithful men , who shall be able to teach others also .
2 : 11 It is a faithful saying : For if we be dead with him , we shall also live with him : 2 : 12 If we suffer , we shall also reign with him : if we deny him , he also will deny us : 2 : 13 If we believe not , yet he abideth faithful : he cannot deny himself .
2 : 21 If a man therefore purge himself from these , he shall be a vessel unto honour , sanctified , and meet for the master ' s use , and prepared unto every good work .
3 : 1 This know also , that in the last days perilous times shall come .
3 : 2 For men shall be lovers of their own selves , covetous , boasters , proud , blasphemers , disobedient to parents , unthankful , unholy , 3 : 3 Without natural affection , trucebreakers , false accusers , incontinent , fierce , despisers of those that are good , 3 : 4 Traitors , heady , highminded , lovers of pleasures more than lovers of God ; 3 : 5 Having a form of godliness , but denying the power thereof : from such turn away .
3 : 9 But they shall proceed no further : for their folly shall be manifest unto all men , as their ' s also was .
3 : 12 Yea , and all that will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution .
3 : 13 But evil men and seducers shall wax worse and worse , deceiving , and being deceived .
4 : 1 I charge thee therefore before God , and the Lord Jesus Christ , who shall judge the quick and the dead at his appearing and his kingdom ; 4 : 2 Preach the word ; be instant in season , out of season ; reprove , rebuke , exhort with all longsuffering and doctrine .
4 : 3 For the time will come when they will not endure sound doctrine ; but after their own lusts shall they heap to themselves teachers , having itching ears ; 4 : 4 And they shall turn away their ears from the truth , and shall be turned unto fables .
4 : 7 I have fought a good fight , I have finished my course , I have kept the faith : 4 : 8 Henceforth there is laid up for me a crown of righteousness , which the Lord , the righteous judge , shall give me at that day : and not to me only , but unto all them also that love his appearing .
4 : 18 And the Lord shall deliver me from every evil work , and will preserve me unto his heavenly kingdom : to whom be glory for ever and ever .
3 : 12 When I shall send Artemas unto thee , or Tychicus , be diligent to come unto me to Nicopolis : for I have determined there to winter .
1 : 22 But withal prepare me also a lodging : for I trust that through your prayers I shall be given unto you .
And again , I will be to him a Father , and he shall be to me a Son ?
1 : 10 And , Thou , Lord , in the beginning hast laid the foundation of the earth ; and the heavens are the works of thine hands : 1 : 11 They shall perish ; but thou remainest ; and they all shall wax old as doth a garment ; 1 : 12 And as a vesture shalt thou fold them up , and they shall be changed : but thou art the same , and thy years shall not fail .
1 : 14 Are they not all ministering spirits , sent forth to minister for them who shall be heirs of salvation ?
2 : 2 For if the word spoken by angels was stedfast , and every transgression and disobedience received a just recompence of reward ; 2 : 3 How shall we escape , if we neglect so great salvation ; which at the first began to be spoken by the Lord , and was confirmed unto us by them that heard him ; 2 : 4 God also bearing them witness , both with signs and wonders , and with divers miracles , and gifts of the Holy Ghost , according to his own will ?
3 : 11 So I sware in my wrath , They shall not enter into my rest .)
4 : 3 For we which have believed do enter into rest , as he said , As I have sworn in my wrath , if they shall enter into my rest : although the works were finished from the foundation of the world .
4 : 5 And in this place again , If they shall enter into my rest .
6 : 4 For it is impossible for those who were once enlightened , and have tasted of the heavenly gift , and were made partakers of the Holy Ghost , 6 : 5 And have tasted the good word of God , and the powers of the world to come , 6 : 6 If they shall fall away , to renew them again unto repentance ; seeing they crucify to themselves the Son of God afresh , and put him to an open shame .
8 : 10 For this is the covenant that I will make with the house of Israel after those days , saith the Lord ; I will put my laws into their mind , and write them in their hearts : and I will be to them a God , and they shall be to me a people : 8 : 11 And they shall not teach every man his neighbour , and every man his brother , saying , Know the Lord : for all shall know me , from the least to the greatest .
9 : 13 For if the blood of bulls and of goats , and the ashes of an heifer sprinkling the unclean , sanctifieth to the purifying of the flesh : 9 : 14 How much more shall the blood of Christ , who through the eternal Spirit offered himself without spot to God , purge your conscience from dead works to serve the living God ?
9 : 27 And as it is appointed unto men once to die , but after this the judgment : 9 : 28 So Christ was once offered to bear the sins of many ; and unto them that look for him shall he appear the second time without sin unto salvation .
10 : 26 For if we sin wilfully after that we have received the knowledge of the truth , there remaineth no more sacrifice for sins , 10 : 27 But a certain fearful looking for of judgment and fiery indignation , which shall devour the adversaries .
10 : 28 He that despised Moses ' law died without mercy under two or three witnesses : 10 : 29 Of how much sorer punishment , suppose ye , shall he be thought worthy , who hath trodden under foot the Son of God , and hath counted the blood of the covenant , wherewith he was sanctified , an unholy thing , and hath done despite unto the Spirit of grace ?
And again , The Lord shall judge his people .
10 : 37 For yet a little while , and he that shall come will come , and will not tarry .
10 : 38 Now the just shall live by faith : but if any man draw back , my soul shall have no pleasure in him .
11 : 17 By faith Abraham , when he was tried , offered up Isaac : and he that had received the promises offered up his only begotten son , 11 : 18 Of whom it was said , That in Isaac shall thy seed be called : 11 : 19 Accounting that God was able to raise him up , even from the dead ; from whence also he received him in a figure .
11 : 32 And what shall I more say ?
12 : 9 Furthermore we have had fathers of our flesh which corrected us , and we gave them reverence : shall we not much rather be in subjection unto the Father of spirits , and live ?
12 : 14 Follow peace with all men , and holiness , without which no man shall see the Lord : 12 : 15 Looking diligently lest any man fail of the grace of God ; lest any root of bitterness springing up trouble you , and thereby many be defiled ; 12 : 16 Lest there be any fornicator , or profane person , as Esau , who for one morsel of meat sold his birthright .
12 : 18 For ye are not come unto the mount that might be touched , and that burned with fire , nor unto blackness , and darkness , and tempest , 12 : 19 And the sound of a trumpet , and the voice of words ; which voice they that heard intreated that the word should not be spoken to them any more : 12 : 20 ( For they could not endure that which was commanded , And if so much as a beast touch the mountain , it shall be stoned , or thrust through with a dart : 12 : 21 And so terrible was the sight , that Moses said , I exceedingly fear and quake :) 12 : 22 But ye are come unto mount Sion , and unto the city of the living God , the heavenly Jerusalem , and to an innumerable company of angels , 12 : 23 To the general assembly and church of the firstborn , which are written in heaven , and to God the Judge of all , and to the spirits of just men made perfect , 12 : 24 And to Jesus the mediator of the new covenant , and to the blood of sprinkling , that speaketh better things than that of Abel .
For if they escaped not who refused him that spake on earth , much more shall not we escape , if we turn away from him that speaketh from heaven : 12 : 26 Whose voice then shook the earth : but now he hath promised , saying , Yet once more I shake not the earth only , but also heaven .
13 : 6 So that we may boldly say , The Lord is my helper , and I will not fear what man shall do unto me .
1 : 5 If any of you lack wisdom , let him ask of God , that giveth to all men liberally , and upbraideth not ; and it shall be given him .
1 : 7 For let not that man think that he shall receive any thing of the Lord .
1 : 9 Let the brother of low degree rejoice in that he is exalted : 1 : 10 But the rich , in that he is made low : because as the flower of the grass he shall pass away .
1 : 11 For the sun is no sooner risen with a burning heat , but it withereth the grass , and the flower thereof falleth , and the grace of the fashion of it perisheth : so also shall the rich man fade away in his ways .
1 : 12 Blessed is the man that endureth temptation : for when he is tried , he shall receive the crown of life , which the Lord hath promised to them that love him .
1 : 25 But whoso looketh into the perfect law of liberty , and continueth therein , he being not a forgetful hearer , but a doer of the work , this man shall be blessed in his deed .
2 : 10 For whosoever shall keep the whole law , and yet offend in one point , he is guilty of all .
2 : 12 So speak ye , and so do , as they that shall be judged by the law of liberty .
2 : 13 For he shall have judgment without mercy , that hath shewed no mercy ; and mercy rejoiceth against judgment .
3 : 1 My brethren , be not many masters , knowing that we shall receive the greater condemnation .
4 : 10 Humble yourselves in the sight of the Lord , and he shall lift you up .
4 : 13 Go to now , ye that say , To day or to morrow we will go into such a city , and continue there a year , and buy and sell , and get gain : 4 : 14 Whereas ye know not what shall be on the morrow .
4 : 15 For that ye ought to say , If the Lord will , we shall live , and do this , or that .
5 : 1 Go to now , ye rich men , weep and howl for your miseries that shall come upon you .
5 : 3 Your gold and silver is cankered ; and the rust of them shall be a witness against you , and shall eat your flesh as it were fire .
let him call for the elders of the church ; and let them pray over him , anointing him with oil in the name of the Lord : 5 : 15 And the prayer of faith shall save the sick , and the Lord shall raise him up ; and if he have committed sins , they shall be forgiven him .
5 : 19 Brethren , if any of you do err from the truth , and one convert him ; 5 : 20 Let him know , that he which converteth the sinner from the error of his way shall save a soul from death , and shall hide a multitude of sins .
2 : 6 Wherefore also it is contained in the scripture , Behold , I lay in Sion a chief corner stone , elect , precious : and he that believeth on him shall not be confounded .
2 : 11 Dearly beloved , I beseech you as strangers and pilgrims , abstain from fleshly lusts , which war against the soul ; 2 : 12 Having your conversation honest among the Gentiles : that , whereas they speak against you as evildoers , they may by your good works , which they shall behold , glorify God in the day of visitation .
2 : 20 For what glory is it , if , when ye be buffeted for your faults , ye shall take it patiently ?
4 : 3 For the time past of our life may suffice us to have wrought the will of the Gentiles , when we walked in lasciviousness , lusts , excess of wine , revellings , banquetings , and abominable idolatries : 4 : 4 Wherein they think it strange that ye run not with them to the same excess of riot , speaking evil of you : 4 : 5 Who shall give account to him that is ready to judge the quick and the dead .
4 : 8 And above all things have fervent charity among yourselves : for charity shall cover the multitude of sins .
4 : 12 Beloved , think it not strange concerning the fiery trial which is to try you , as though some strange thing happened unto you : 4 : 13 But rejoice , inasmuch as ye are partakers of Christ ' s sufferings ; that , when his glory shall be revealed , ye may be glad also with exceeding joy .
4 : 17 For the time is come that judgment must begin at the house of God : and if it first begin at us , what shall the end be of them that obey not the gospel of God ?
4 : 18 And if the righteous scarcely be saved , where shall the ungodly and the sinner appear ?
5 : 1 The elders which are among you I exhort , who am also an elder , and a witness of the sufferings of Christ , and also a partaker of the glory that shall be revealed : 5 : 2 Feed the flock of God which is among you , taking the oversight thereof , not by constraint , but willingly ; not for filthy lucre , but of a ready mind ; 5 : 3 Neither as being lords over God ' s heritage , but being ensamples to the flock .
5 : 4 And when the chief Shepherd shall appear , ye shall receive a crown of glory that fadeth not away .
1 : 8 For if these things be in you , and abound , they make you that ye shall neither be barren nor unfruitful in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ .
1 : 10 Wherefore the rather , brethren , give diligence to make your calling and election sure : for if ye do these things , ye shall never fall : 1 : 11 For so an entrance shall be ministered unto you abundantly into the everlasting kingdom of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ .
2 : 1 But there were false prophets also among the people , even as there shall be false teachers among you , who privily shall bring in damnable heresies , even denying the Lord that bought them , and bring upon themselves swift destruction .
2 : 2 And many shall follow their pernicious ways ; by reason of whom the way of truth shall be evil spoken of .
2 : 3 And through covetousness shall they with feigned words make merchandise of you : whose judgment now of a long time lingereth not , and their damnation slumbereth not .
2 : 12 But these , as natural brute beasts , made to be taken and destroyed , speak evil of the things that they understand not ; and shall utterly perish in their own corruption ; 2 : 13 And shall receive the reward of unrighteousness , as they that count it pleasure to riot in the day time .
3 : 1 This second epistle , beloved , I now write unto you ; in both which I stir up your pure minds by way of remembrance : 3 : 2 That ye may be mindful of the words which were spoken before by the holy prophets , and of the commandment of us the apostles of the Lord and Saviour : 3 : 3 Knowing this first , that there shall come in the last days scoffers , walking after their own lusts , 3 : 4 And saying , Where is the promise of his coming ?
3 : 10 But the day of the Lord will come as a thief in the night ; in the which the heavens shall pass away with a great noise , and the elements shall melt with fervent heat , the earth also and the works that are therein shall be burned up .
3 : 11 Seeing then that all these things shall be dissolved , what manner of persons ought ye to be in all holy conversation and godliness , 3 : 12 Looking for and hasting unto the coming of the day of God , wherein the heavens being on fire shall be dissolved , and the elements shall melt with fervent heat ?
2 : 18 Little children , it is the last time : and as ye have heard that antichrist shall come , even now are there many antichrists ; whereby we know that it is the last time .
If that which ye have heard from the beginning shall remain in you , ye also shall continue in the Son , and in the Father .
2 : 27 But the anointing which ye have received of him abideth in you , and ye need not that any man teach you : but as the same anointing teacheth you of all things , and is truth , and is no lie , and even as it hath taught you , ye shall abide in him .
2 : 28 And now , little children , abide in him ; that , when he shall appear , we may have confidence , and not be ashamed before him at his coming .
3 : 2 Beloved , now are we the sons of God , and it doth not yet appear what we shall be : but we know that , when he shall appear , we shall be like him ; for we shall see him as he is .
3 : 19 And hereby we know that we are of the truth , and shall assure our hearts before him .
4 : 15 Whosoever shall confess that Jesus is the Son of God , God dwelleth in him , and he in God .
5 : 16 If any man see his brother sin a sin which is not unto death , he shall ask , and he shall give him life for them that sin not unto death .
There is a sin unto death : I do not say that he shall pray for it .
1 : 1 The elder unto the elect lady and her children , whom I love in the truth ; and not I only , but also all they that have known the truth ; 1 : 2 For the truth ' s sake , which dwelleth in us , and shall be with us for ever .
1 : 13 I had many things to write , but I will not with ink and pen write unto thee : 1 : 14 But I trust I shall shortly see thee , and we shall speak face to face .
1 : 7 Behold , he cometh with clouds ; and every eye shall see him , and they also which pierced him : and all kindreds of the earth shall wail because of him .
1 : 19 Write the things which thou hast seen , and the things which are , and the things which shall be hereafter ; 1 : 20 The mystery of the seven stars which thou sawest in my right hand , and the seven golden candlesticks .
2 : 10 Fear none of those things which thou shalt suffer : behold , the devil shall cast some of you into prison , that ye may be tried ; and ye shall have tribulation ten days : be thou faithful unto death , and I will give thee a crown of life .
2 : 11 He that hath an ear , let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches ; He that overcometh shall not be hurt of the second death .
2 : 23 And I will kill her children with death ; and all the churches shall know that I am he which searcheth the reins and hearts : and I will give unto every one of you according to your works .
2 : 26 And he that overcometh , and keepeth my works unto the end , to him will I give power over the nations : 2 : 27 And he shall rule them with a rod of iron ; as the vessels of a potter shall they be broken to shivers : even as I received of my Father .
3 : 4 Thou hast a few names even in Sardis which have not defiled their garments ; and they shall walk with me in white : for they are worthy .
3 : 5 He that overcometh , the same shall be clothed in white raiment ; and I will not blot out his name out of the book of life , but I will confess his name before my Father , and before his angels .
3 : 10 Because thou hast kept the word of my patience , I also will keep thee from the hour of temptation , which shall come upon all the world , to try them that dwell upon the earth .
3 : 12 Him that overcometh will I make a pillar in the temple of my God , and he shall go no more out : and I will write upon him the name of my God , and the name of the city of my God , which is new Jerusalem , which cometh down out of heaven from my God : and I will write upon him my new name .
5 : 9 And they sung a new song , saying , Thou art worthy to take the book , and to open the seals thereof : for thou wast slain , and hast redeemed us to God by thy blood out of every kindred , and tongue , and people , and nation ; 5 : 10 And hast made us unto our God kings and priests : and we shall reign on the earth .
6 : 15 And the kings of the earth , and the great men , and the rich men , and the chief captains , and the mighty men , and every bondman , and every free man , hid themselves in the dens and in the rocks of the mountains ; 6 : 16 And said to the mountains and rocks , Fall on us , and hide us from the face of him that sitteth on the throne , and from the wrath of the Lamb : 6 : 17 For the great day of his wrath is come ; and who shall be able to stand ?
7 : 15 Therefore are they before the throne of God , and serve him day and night in his temple : and he that sitteth on the throne shall dwell among them .
7 : 16 They shall hunger no more , neither thirst any more ; neither shall the sun light on them , nor any heat .
7 : 17 For the Lamb which is in the midst of the throne shall feed them , and shall lead them unto living fountains of waters : and God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes .
9 : 6 And in those days shall men seek death , and shall not find it ; and shall desire to die , and death shall flee from them .
10 : 5 And the angel which I saw stand upon the sea and upon the earth lifted up his hand to heaven , 10 : 6 And sware by him that liveth for ever and ever , who created heaven , and the things that therein are , and the earth , and the things that therein are , and the sea , and the things which are therein , that there should be time no longer : 10 : 7 But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel , when he shall begin to sound , the mystery of God should be finished , as he hath declared to his servants the prophets .
And he said unto me , Take it , and eat it up ; and it shall make thy belly bitter , but it shall be in thy mouth sweet as honey .
11 : 2 But the court which is without the temple leave out , and measure it not ; for it is given unto the Gentiles : and the holy city shall they tread under foot forty and two months .
11 : 3 And I will give power unto my two witnesses , and they shall prophesy a thousand two hundred and threescore days , clothed in sackcloth .
11 : 7 And when they shall have finished their testimony , the beast that ascendeth out of the bottomless pit shall make war against them , and shall overcome them , and kill them .
11 : 8 And their dead bodies shall lie in the street of the great city , which spiritually is called Sodom and Egypt , where also our Lord was crucified .
11 : 9 And they of the people and kindreds and tongues and nations shall see their dead bodies three days and an half , and shall not suffer their dead bodies to be put in graves .
11 : 10 And they that dwell upon the earth shall rejoice over them , and make merry , and shall send gifts one to another ; because these two prophets tormented them that dwelt on the earth .
11 : 15 And the seventh angel sounded ; and there were great voices in heaven , saying , The kingdoms of this world are become the kingdoms of our Lord , and of his Christ ; and he shall reign for ever and ever .
13 : 8 And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him , whose names are not written in the book of life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world .
13 : 10 He that leadeth into captivity shall go into captivity : he that killeth with the sword must be killed with the sword .
14 : 9 And the third angel followed them , saying with a loud voice , If any man worship the beast and his image , and receive his mark in his forehead , or in his hand , 14 : 10 The same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God , which is poured out without mixture into the cup of his indignation ; and he shall be tormented with fire and brimstone in the presence of the holy angels , and in the presence of the Lamb : 14 : 11 And the smoke of their torment ascendeth up for ever and ever : and they have no rest day nor night , who worship the beast and his image , and whosoever receiveth the mark of his name .
15 : 4 Who shall not fear thee , O Lord , and glorify thy name ?
for thou only art holy : for all nations shall come and worship before thee ; for thy judgments are made manifest .
17 : 8 The beast that thou sawest was , and is not ; and shall ascend out of the bottomless pit , and go into perdition : and they that dwell on the earth shall wonder , whose names were not written in the book of life from the foundation of the world , when they behold the beast that was , and is not , and yet is .
17 : 13 These have one mind , and shall give their power and strength unto the beast .
17 : 14 These shall make war with the Lamb , and the Lamb shall overcome them : for he is Lord of lords , and King of kings : and they that are with him are called , and chosen , and faithful .
17 : 16 And the ten horns which thou sawest upon the beast , these shall hate the whore , and shall make her desolate and naked , and shall eat her flesh , and burn her with fire .
17 : 17 For God hath put in their hearts to fulfil his will , and to agree , and give their kingdom unto the beast , until the words of God shall be fulfilled .
18 : 7 How much she hath glorified herself , and lived deliciously , so much torment and sorrow give her : for she saith in her heart , I sit a queen , and am no widow , and shall see no sorrow .
18 : 8 Therefore shall her plagues come in one day , death , and mourning , and famine ; and she shall be utterly burned with fire : for strong is the Lord God who judgeth her .
18 : 9 And the kings of the earth , who have committed fornication and lived deliciously with her , shall bewail her , and lament for her , when they shall see the smoke of her burning , 18 : 10 Standing afar off for the fear of her torment , saying , Alas , alas that great city Babylon , that mighty city !
18 : 11 And the merchants of the earth shall weep and mourn over her ; for no man buyeth their merchandise any more : 18 : 12 The merchandise of gold , and silver , and precious stones , and of pearls , and fine linen , and purple , and silk , and scarlet , and all thyine wood , and all manner vessels of ivory , and all manner vessels of most precious wood , and of brass , and iron , and marble , 18 : 13 And cinnamon , and odours , and ointments , and frankincense , and wine , and oil , and fine flour , and wheat , and beasts , and sheep , and horses , and chariots , and slaves , and souls of men .
18 : 15 The merchants of these things , which were made rich by her , shall stand afar off for the fear of her torment , weeping and wailing , 18 : 16 And saying , Alas , alas that great city , that was clothed in fine linen , and purple , and scarlet , and decked with gold , and precious stones , and pearls !
18 : 21 And a mighty angel took up a stone like a great millstone , and cast it into the sea , saying , Thus with violence shall that great city Babylon be thrown down , and shall be found no more at all .
18 : 22 And the voice of harpers , and musicians , and of pipers , and trumpeters , shall be heard no more at all in thee ; and no craftsman , of whatsoever craft he be , shall be found any more in thee ; and the sound of a millstone shall be heard no more at all in thee ; 18 : 23 And the light of a candle shall shine no more at all in thee ; and the voice of the bridegroom and of the bride shall be heard no more at all in thee : for thy merchants were the great men of the earth ; for by thy sorceries were all nations deceived .
19 : 15 And out of his mouth goeth a sharp sword , that with it he should smite the nations : and he shall rule them with a rod of iron : and he treadeth the winepress of the fierceness and wrath of Almighty God .
20 : 6 Blessed and holy is he that hath part in the first resurrection : on such the second death hath no power , but they shall be priests of God and of Christ , and shall reign with him a thousand years .
20 : 7 And when the thousand years are expired , Satan shall be loosed out of his prison , 20 : 8 And shall go out to deceive the nations which are in the four quarters of the earth , Gog , and Magog , to gather them together to battle : the number of whom is as the sand of the sea .
20 : 10 And the devil that deceived them was cast into the lake of fire and brimstone , where the beast and the false prophet are , and shall be tormented day and night for ever and ever .
21 : 3 And I heard a great voice out of heaven saying , Behold , the tabernacle of God is with men , and he will dwell with them , and they shall be his people , and God himself shall be with them , and be their God .
21 : 4 And God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes ; and there shall be no more death , neither sorrow , nor crying , neither shall there be any more pain : for the former things are passed away .
21 : 7 He that overcometh shall inherit all things ; and I will be his God , and he shall be my son .
21 : 8 But the fearful , and unbelieving , and the abominable , and murderers , and whoremongers , and sorcerers , and idolaters , and all liars , shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone : which is the second death .
21 : 24 And the nations of them which are saved shall walk in the light of it : and the kings of the earth do bring their glory and honour into it .
21 : 25 And the gates of it shall not be shut at all by day : for there shall be no night there .
21 : 26 And they shall bring the glory and honour of the nations into it .
21 : 27 And there shall in no wise enter into it any thing that defileth , neither whatsoever worketh abomination , or maketh a lie : but they which are written in the Lamb ' s book of life .
22 : 3 And there shall be no more curse : but the throne of God and of the Lamb shall be in it ; and his servants shall serve him : 22 : 4 And they shall see his face ; and his name shall be in their foreheads .
22 : 5 And there shall be no night there ; and they need no candle , neither light of the sun ; for the Lord God giveth them light : and they shall reign for ever and ever .
22 : 12 And , behold , I come quickly ; and my reward is with me , to give every man according as his work shall be .
22 : 18 For I testify unto every man that heareth the words of the prophecy of this book , If any man shall add unto these things , God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book : 22 : 19 And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy , God shall take away his part out of the book of life , and out of the holy city , and from the things which are written in this book .
From the morn to the evening he stays ; He shall follow his sheep all the day , And his tongue shall be filled with praise .
The sun does arise , And make happy the skies ; The merry bells ring To welcome the Spring ; The skylark and thrush , The birds of the bush , Sing louder around To the bells ' cheerful sound ; While our sports shall be seen On the echoing Green .
" For when our souls have learn ' d the heat to bear , The cloud will vanish , we shall hear His voice , Saying , ' Come out from the grove , my love and care And round my golden tent like lambs rejoice ',"
Speak , father , speak to you little boy , Or else I shall be lost ."
And there the lion ' s ruddy eyes Shall flow with tears of gold : And pitying the tender cries , And walking round the fold : Saying : " Wrath by His meekness , And , by His health , sickness , Are driven away From our immortal day .
For , washed in life ' s river , My bright mane for ever Shall shine like the gold , As I guard o ' er the fold ."
What shall I call thee ?
Shall arise , and seek for her Maker meek ; And the desert wild Become a garden mild .
" If her heart does ache , Then let Lyca wake ; If my mother sleep , Lyca shall not weep .
For I dance And drink , and sing , Till some blind hand Shall brush my wing .
The modest Rose puts forth a thorn , The humble sheep a threat ' ning horn : While the Lily white shall in love delight , Nor a thorn nor a threat stain her beauty bright .
How shall the summer arise in joy , Or the summer fruits appear ?
Or how shall we gather what griefs destroy , Or bless the mellowing year , When the blasts of winter appear ?
Thou gentle maid of silent valleys and of modest brooks : For thou shall be clothed in light , and fed with morning manna : Till summers heat melts thee beside the fountains and the springs To flourish in eternal vales : they why should Thel complain .
But Thel is like a faint cloud kindled at the rising sun : I vanish from my pearly throne , and who shall find my place .
Queen of the vales the Lily answered , ask the tender cloud , And it shall tell thee why it glitters in the morning sky .
O little Cloud the virgin said , I charge thee to tell me Why thou complainest now when in one hour thou fade away : Then we shall seek thee but not find : ah Thel is like to thee .
I fear that I am not like thee : For I walk through the vales of Har , and smell the sweetest flowers : But I feed not the little flowers : I hear the warbling birds , But I feed not the warbling birds , they fly and seek their food : But Thel delights in these no more because I fade away And all shall say , without a use this shining women liv ' d , Or did she only live to be at death the food of worms .
said the little Tulip , " if there are two of you , I s ' pose I shall have to let you in ."
" I shall eat it myself .
When the little old woman had rolled him out , and dressed him up , and pinched his gingerbread shoes into shape , she put him in a pan ; then she put the pan in the oven and shut the door ; and she thought , " Now I shall have a little boy of my own ."
When he was a little way from the bank he turned his head , and said , " You are too heavy on my tail , little Gingerbread Boy , I fear I shall let you get wet ; jump on my back ."
Is any man so daring As dig them up in spite , He shall find their sharpest thorns In his bed at night .
" You shall be my servant ; you shall make my bed and sweep my room and cook my broth ."
" Here is a chance to test our strength ," said the Wind ; " let us see which of us is strong enough to make that traveller take off his cloak ; the one who can do that shall be acknowledged the more powerful ."
What shall I do ?
what shall I do ?"
I wonder if I shall see any little bubbles to - day ?"
I shall have to make these figs roll about , so that he will think the wind moves them ."
What shall I do ?"
" Don ' t be frightened ," she said ; " if he waits for his neighbours to reap the corn we shall have plenty of time to move ; tell me what he says to - morrow ."
Shall we not move to - night ?"
The corn is getting too ripe ; it ' s no use to wait for our relatives , we shall have to cut this corn ourselves .'
At that moment the baby ' s sister came to the princess and said , " Shall I go and find thee a nurse from the Hebrew women , so that she may nurse the child for thee ?"
The maid would come and say , " How shall I do this ?"
or " How shall I do that ?"
" You shall have them , dear ," said the grey man , and he shook his strange grey cloak .
" These shall be your servants , Elsa ," said the grey man ; " they are faithful and clever , and they will do everything you want them to , just right .
" I shall go to King Solomon ," said the Otter , " and you shall be punished ."
" It is perfectly right and just ," said the Tiger , " and I shall eat you up ."
" What shall we have in it ?"
" Surely , flowers ," said her mother , " and shall we not have a little salad garden in the middle ?"
" I believe I shall learn a good deal from living in the country ; don ' t you think so ?"
They would have killed the crazy man who insulted their king ; but he raised his hand and stopped them , and with his eyes looking into Robert ' s eyes he said , " Not the king ; you shall be the king ' s jester !
You shall wear the cap and bells , and make laughter for my court .
You shall be the servant of the servants , and your companion shall , be the jester ' s ape ."
Each one said to himself , " I must have been right , really ; the artist himself sees that something was wrong ; now I shall have credit for saving the prince ' s portrait by my artistic taste !"
" Gladly ," said the great fairy ; " choose what I shall give him .
" I want only that he shall be good .
" I promised your father that I would be your best friend , and as long as you live I shall watch over your happiness .
If you do not heed its warnings a worse thing will happen to you , for I shall become your enemy ."
" No , you shall not eat it , you poor little thing ," she said , " for every bit of food in that house is poisoned ."
' We grind for Frode Wealth and gold Abundant riches He shall behold .'"
If he be able to fight with me , and to kill me , then will we be your servants ; but if I prevail against him , and kill him , then shall ye be our servants , and serve us .
Thy servant slew both the lion and the bear ; and this Philistine shall be as one of them , for he hath defied the armies of the living God .
And all this assembly shall know that the Lord saveth not with sword and spear ; for the battle is the Lord ' s , and he will give you into our hands ."
The Lord is my shepherd ; I shall not want .
Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life ; and I will dwell in the house of the Lord for ever .=
" I ' ve been taught a lesson that I shall not easily forget .
I shall be late !'
thought Alice to herself , ' after such a fall as this , I shall think nothing of tumbling down stairs !
' I wonder if I shall fall right THROUGH the earth !
The Antipathies , I think --' ( she was rather glad there WAS no one listening , this time , as it didn ' t sound at all the right word ) '-- but I shall have to ask them what the name of the country is , you know .
No , it ' ll never do to ask : perhaps I shall see it written up somewhere .'
I shall be a great deal too far off to trouble myself about you : you must manage the best way you can ;-- but I must be kind to them ,' thought Alice , ' or perhaps they won ' t walk the way I want to go !
I shall never get to twenty at that rate !
' I ' m sure those are not the right words ,' said poor Alice , and her eyes filled with tears again as she went on , ' I must be Mabel after all , and I shall have to go and live in that poky little house , and have next to no toys to play with , and oh !
I shall only look up and say " Who am I then ?
' I shall be punished for it now , I suppose , by being drowned in my own tears !
' I shall do nothing of the sort ,' said the Mouse , getting up and walking away .
I wonder if I shall ever see you any more !'
' But then ,' thought Alice , ' shall I NEVER get any older than I am now ?
' I shall sit here ,' the Footman remarked , ' till tomorrow --'
' I shall sit here ,' he said , ' on and off , for days and days .'
' Come , we shall have some fun now !'
' Then the Dormouse shall !'
She was looking about for some way of escape , and wondering whether she could get away without being seen , when she noticed a curious appearance in the air : it puzzled her very much at first , but , after watching it a minute or two , she made it out to be a grin , and she said to herself ' It ' s the Cheshire Cat : now I shall have somebody to talk to .'
I can ' t tell you just now what the moral of that is , but I shall remember it in a bit .'
Shall I try the experiment ?'
' Come on , then ,' said the Queen , ' and he shall tell you his history ,'
Which shall sing ?'
' Shall we try another figure of the Lobster Quadrille ?'
' Now we shall get on better .'
' Where shall I begin , please your Majesty ?'
" It is a new planet and it shall bear my name .
This star and not that other vulgar one shall be ' Lucifer , sun of the morning .'
Here man shall be as innocent as the daisies , as innocent and as cruel -- here the intellect ----"
" I shall mount up as much as you will ."
Paradox of this kind is to be found in such a saying as " The meek shall inherit the earth ."
And this antinomy kept on repeating itself in his mind , a contradiction as large and staring as the immense contradiction of the Cross ; he remembered having often heard the words , " Whosoever shall lose his life the same shall save it ."
They took the tall young man away to a magistrate , whither we shall follow him in an ensuing chapter .
Even now , if you say that you are sorry I shall only ----"
He shall choose how , sword or pistol , horse or foot .
Shall I not fight for my own existence ?"
This rather wild gentleman promises that he will not attack me with any ordinary assault -- and if he does , you may be sure the police shall hear of it .
" I swear to you that nothing shall come between us .
I swear to you that nothing shall be in my heart or in my head till our swords clash together .
But if you will be so kind as to take us into your little garden and see far play , we shall feel how ----"
We shall prevent the Chinese being sent out of the Transvaal and the blocks being stopped in the Strand .
We shall be the conversational substitute when anyone recommends Home Rule , or complains of sky signs .
" Well , shall we fight now ?"
In fact , Tolstoy tells us that we shall soon outgrow war , which he says is simply a duel between nations .
Mr . MacIan , shall we engage ?"
" What shall we do ?
Shall we turn on them with our points ?"
" I am staring ," said MacIan at last , " at that which shall judge us both ."
It is he who in the end shall judge us all ."
The Church always seems to be behind the times , when it is really beyond the times ; it is waiting till the last fad shall have seen its last summer .
" It has been very well put by one of the brightest of your young authors , who said : ' Unless you become as little children ye shall in no wise enter the kingdom of heaven .'
" If we go down at this rate we shall be over the sea cliff ," he said .
" If that ' s the view you take ," said Turnbull , " and I don ' t say you are wrong , I think I know where we shall be best off for the business .
Turnbull eyed the coast curiously for a moment , like one awakening memories of childhood ; then he said abruptly , like a man remembering somebody ' s name : " But , of course , we shall be better off still round the corner of Cragness Point ; nobody ever comes there at all ."
You wanted to finish this fight and you shall finish it , or I ' ll denounce you as a coward to the whole of that assembled company ."
France , where a man said only the other day those splendid unanswerable words "-- with a superb gesture --"' we have extinguished in heaven those lights that men shall never light again .'"
Here , at least , we shall not be chased and spied on by sickly parsons and greasy policemen , because we wish to put our lives on the game .
" Yes ," he cried , in a voice of thunder , " we will fight here and _He_ shall look on at it ."
" I know I shall not forget yours ," said the other , and extended once more his ungainly arms in an unnatural gesture .
But when I bear you away I shall be doing my first sacrilege , and also my first act of virtue ."
" Whatever it is , we are running on to it ," said Turnbull , equably , " and we shall be shipwrecked twice , at any rate ."
And till the time comes this place shall be sacred ."
If it is essential to your emotions , I will cheerfully finish the fight here and now ; but I must confess that if you kill me here I shall die with my curiosity highly excited and unsatisfied upon a minor point of geography ."
And Turnbull said : " Where shall we go now ?"
" Shall we say the atmosphere ?"
But don ' t you see that if the thing is thrashed out it will mean letters to this reference and telegrams to that ; and at the first word of who we are , we shall be taken out of a madhouse , where we may smoke , to a jail , where we mayn ' t .
It is Arthur , overwhelmed in Lyonesse by heathen armies and dying in the mist , doubtful if ever he shall return ."
On that very place where now there sprawls one drunken wastrel of a pavement artist more or less wishing he were dead -- on that very spot there shall in the future be living pictures ; there shall be golden girls and boys leaping in the sun ."
I shall be here till I rot .
Let them wander about the earth as they wandered about this garden , and I shall still be their easy master .
Whither shall they go from my presence and whither shall they flee from my spirit ?
or I shall say it all wrong ," said MacIan , breathing hard .
To whom shall I specially address myself ?
" I hope we shall have no more trouble ," said Dr . Quayle pleasantly enough , and addressing Turnbull , who was leaning heavily upon the back of a chair .
" How do you know we shall go ?"
Here I mostly live , and here I shall certainly die , if the gendarmes ever track me here .
The Reverend Father Brown and the celebrated Signor Muscari I shall release tomorrow at dawn and escort to my outposts .
" Anyhow ," cried Flambeau impatiently , " he ' s not a patch on my principal ; and I shall go through with it .
She went across to Captain Cutler and said in her sweetest manner : " I shall value all these flowers , because they must be your favourite flowers .
" You need not kill me ," he said in a voice quite cold ; " I shall do that on my own account ."
They ' ll be sure to subpoena me ; I shall be bound to say that after the cry was heard each of you rushed into the room in a wild state and began quarrelling about a dagger .
And so we shall never know whether there was blood on it before ."
" I shall only detain you a moment ," said Mr Butler , who was a rustic - looking person with red eyebrows and an expression of partial slumber .
" It is hardly a point of fact ," he said , " but if his lordship would like me to answer for my impression , of course I shall do so .
But he didn ' t behave any worse than I did ; as you shall hear .
" You shall see , then ," he said , " that I have not lost all the family qualities ."
because it would mean the crack of doom for me , and if you take it I shall take off my wig .... Why , you pitiful plucked fowl , anyone can see your bare head .
But no man shall see mine and live ."
Shall I tell you ?
You shall not spell the first letter of what is written on the altar of the Unknown God ."
Now you shall see whether I exaggerate about the mariners of Cornwall .
If I send out word that it ' s off we shall have Malvoli storming in here at the head of a whole Corsican clan ."
" I think we know all that this can tell us , but you shall look at it to see if I ' m right .
" I don ' t want any more -- shall we say , sneezing ?"
After a pause he said : " Look here , I ' ve never seen you before ; but you shall judge of the whole story .
` Henceforth a hair shall slay you like a sword , and a breath shall bite you like an adder ; weapons shall come against you out of nowhere ; and you shall die many times .'
Well , I ' ll simply tell you , in the fewest words , the three things that have happened since ; and you shall judge which of us is right .
" I shall come and hear your sermons , if they ' re as amusing as your manners ."
" I shall not talk to you much ; but I will tell you what you want to know .
" It ' s a few yards down the road ," said the red - haired man , removing his cigar ; " I shall be passing it myself in a minute , but I ' m going on to Pendragon Park to try and see the fun ."
I shall be following myself in a minute or two ."
" Shall I tell you something more ?"
Wolves with the hair of the ermine , Crows that are crowned and kings -- These things be many as vermin , Yet Three shall abide these things .
Whether the young lady named Hedwig had any previous knowledge of the soldier she saved and eventually married , or whether she came accidentally upon the accident and their intimacy began that night , we shall probably never know .
This is a tale of those old fears , even of those emptied hells , And none but you shall understand the true thing that it tells -- Of what colossal gods of shame could cow men and yet crash , Of what huge devils hid the stars , yet fell at a pistol flash .
The doubts that were so plain to chase , so dreadful to withstand -- Oh , who shall understand but you ; yea , who shall understand ?
" Very well ," said Gregory , his face darkening , " you shall see something more serious than either drink or religion ."
" I shall only have a crepe de menthe myself ; I have dined .
You need not fear to give me information , because , as you remember , you very wisely extorted from me a promise not to tell the police , a promise I shall certainly keep .
We shall , of course , go through a form of election ; but I don ' t mind telling you that it is practically certain what the result will be ."
I shall do it so nicely ."
" I shall not break my word ," said Syme sternly , " nor will you break yours .
Upon you , comrades , it devolves this evening to choose out of the company present the man who shall be Thursday .
" Which is founded upon love ," repeated Gregory , grinding his teeth , " there will be no difficulty about the aims which we shall pursue as a body , or which I should pursue were I chosen as the representative of that body .
Superbly careless of the slanders that represent us as assassins and enemies of human society , we shall pursue with moral courage and quiet intellectual pressure , the permanent ideals of brotherhood and simplicity ."
You must , you shall , join our special army against anarchy .
When they say that mankind shall be free at last , they mean that mankind shall commit suicide .
" If we walk up towards Leicester Square ," he said , " we shall just be in time for breakfast .
" I shall try to get to bed after breakfast ."
" Pathetic Slav ," said the President , " tragic child of Poland , are you prepared in the presence of that card to deny that you are in this company -- shall we say de trop ?"
" I believe your own accent to be inimitable , though I shall practise it in my bath .
Well , if you ever tell the police or any human soul about us , I shall have that two and a half minutes of discomfort .
" It is a fundamental rule of our society that all plans shall be debated in full council .
" You shall see him a falling star ," said Syme , and put on his hat .
As to that I will say only one word , and that shall be entirely in the manner of your own philosophical rhetoric .
Shall we be in time to catch him ?"
" I shall approach .
Before taking off his hat , I shall take off my own .
I shall say , ' The Marquis de Saint Eustache , I believe .'
I shall reply in the most exquisite Cockney , ' Oh , just the Syme --' "
Permit me to consult for a moment with the gentlemen in whose hands I shall place myself ."
" Yes ," said Dr . Bull fiercely , " and the train shall go out of the station .
It shall go out without you .
" You shall not go by the train ," said Syme firmly , and grasped his sword .
" You shall not go by this train ," repeated Syme .
We shall see .'
We shall soon get there ."
" No ," said Inspector Ratcliffe , " we shall never get there ."
" I mean that we shall never get there ," said the pessimist placidly .
217 Peabody Buildings , and that I shall soon wake up with a jump ; or , if that ' s not it , I think that I am sitting in a small cushioned cell in Hanwell , and that the doctor can ' t make much of my case .
I don ' t think , and I never shall think , that the mass of ordinary men are a pack of dirty modern thinkers .
" Renard shall explain it .
He shall explain it to me ," and he strode forward .
" Shall we go back , then ?"
We shall all be dead soon ."
Yet this one old Christian lantern you shall not destroy .
It shall go where your empire of apes will never have the wit to find it ."
You will understand the sea , and I shall be still a riddle ; you shall know what the stars are , and not know what I am .
" All the better ," said the Secretary grimly , planting a foot in a foothold , " we shall find him at home ."
Shall I make it clear if I say that I liked him because he was so fat ?"
If anyone in heaven has that face I shall know him again .
" Shall I tell you the secret of the whole world ?
If he has been tipped out of the car , we shall find him rolling as a colt rolls in a field , kicking his legs for fun ."
" Shall I help you on with your costume ?"
" My red hair , like red flames , shall burn up the world ," said Gregory .
You shall know all when we meet .
" But I could earn something , though , I say ," cried Jem , proudly ; " and I WILL earn SOMETHING -- if it be ever so little , it will be SOMETHING -- and I shall do my very best ; so I will ."
" One good turn deserves another ," said the man ; " we are going to dinner just now , and shall leave off work -- wait for me here , and I ' ll make it worth your while ."
" No ," said the man , when he had heard his story , " I shall not take half of that ; it was given to you .
" There , he shall have that into the bargain for his honesty -- honesty is the best policy -- there ' s a lucky penny for you , that I ' ve kept ever since I can remember ."
" No , that it shall not , I promise you ," said Jem ; and so he ran away home , fed Lightfoot , stroked him , went to bed , jumped up at five o ' clock in the morning , and went singing to work as gay as a lark .
" Then , little boy ," said the lady , " so much shall be your task every day .
" I shall not have any of those good things ," said Jem .
The consequences of this intimacy we shall presently see .
" Spend your time no more in weeding in my garden , you can employ yourself much better ; you shall have the reward of your ingenuity as well as of your industry .
Then turning his eyes upon the cock with a look of compassion , said , in a low voice , to Lawrence , " Shall you like to stand by and see its eyes pecked out ?"
" I don ' t know ," said Lawrence , " as to that ; but they say a cockfight ' s a fine sight , and it ' s no more cruel in me to go than another ; and a great many go , and I ' ve nothing else to do , so I shall go ."
" But I have something else to do ," said Jem , laughing , " so I shall not go ."
" But it is not stealing ; we don ' t mean to steal ; only to borrow it ; and if we win , which we certainly shall , at the cock - fight , pay it back again , and he ' ll never know anything about the matter , and what harm will it do him ?
We shall pass over , however important as they were deemed at the time , the praises of the strawberries , and of " my grandmother ' s china plate ."
" I have done ," said Jem ; " I shall cry no more ."
" Certainly ; whenever your mistress can spare you , I shall be very glad to see you ; and remember , if ever you get into any difficulty , don ' t be afraid to come to me .
" I shall give you in charge ," said she , ringing a bell , " to my housekeeper , and I hope she will have no reason to be displeased with you ."
" Well , but since I did say that I should have no objection to try him , I shall keep my word ; let him come to - morrow .
said she ; " he has as many turns and windings as a hare ; but we shall catch him yet , I ' ll be bound , in some of his doublings .
I knew the nature of him well enough , from the first time I ever set my eyes upon him ; but mistress shall have her own way , and see the end of it ."
In my house everybody shall have justice ; speak -- but what ?"
" No , I never told any tales of anybody , and I should be very sorry to get anyone into a scrape ; but for all that I shall not tell a lie , either for myself or anybody else , let you call me what names you will ."
" Nothing you can give me will do ," answered Franklin , steadily , " so it is useless to say any more about it -- I hope I shall not be questioned ."
" If you had seen him , ma ' am , last night in the midst of the fire -- I ' m sure we may thank him that we were not burned alive in our beds -- and I shall never forget his coming to call me .
" And so he shall be rewarded ," said Mrs . Churchill ; " but I will try him more fully yet ."
" It is ; I shall trust it in your care .
" We shall make no hand of this prig ," said Corkscrew .
He shall repent of these airs .
" My brother will be here to - day , and I shall consult him .
" Then I shall look into his room , and examine the pantry and the plate that is under his care ."
We shall all be murdered in our beds , as sure as I ' m a living woman , sir ; but if you ' ll only take my advice --"
" You shall have both , indeed , Mrs . Pomfret ; but don ' t make such a noise , for everybody will hear you ."
I am sure I never shall forget Felix ' s look to my dying day !
" And ," continued Mrs . Churchill , " here are some tickets for the play , which I shall beg you , Pomfret , to give him , and to take him with you ."
And , ma ' am ," continued Mrs . Pomfret , " the night after the fire I left him my great Bible and my watch , in my will ; for I never was more mistaken at the first in any boy in my born days ; but he has won me by his own DESERTS , and I shall from this time forth love all the VILLAINTROPIC folks for his sake ."
" She must make up the garlands ; and she shall be Queen of the May !"
Susan put his supper upon the table , and set his own chair for him ; but he pushed away the chair and turned from the table , saying --" I shall eat nothing , child !
" Take it , then , child ," said he , pulling it off --" I shall soon have no coat to dry -- and take my hat , too ," said he , throwing it upon the ground .
" Shut the gate ," said Barbara , " you have no business in our garden ; and as for your hen , I shall keep it ; it is always flying in here , and plaguing us , and my father says it is a trespasser ; and he told me I might catch it and keep it the next time it got in , and it is in now ."
I only want ONE for my father ' s supper ; you shall have all the rest ."
" Susan , don ' t go ; sit you down here , my sweet Susan ," said he , making room for her upon his chair ; " I believe I was a little cross when I came in first tonight ; but I had something to vex me , as you shall hear .
In my memory , since the NEW lane was made , it has always been open to the parish ; and no man shall inclose it with my good - will .
" And law is law , Mr . Farmer , and shall have its course , to your cost ," cried the attorney , exasperated by the dauntless spirit of this village Hampden .
It is my duty to show it to my employer ; or , in other words , to your new landlord , whose agent I have good reasons to expect I shall be ; you will live to repent your obstinacy , Mr . Price .
" I shall stop for all day ," said Philip : " I ' ve no mind to play any more ."
" I forgot to thank you ," said she , " for the double cowslips ; look how pretty they are , and smell how sweet the violets are in my bosom , and kiss me quick , for I shall be left behind ."
" Everything shall be ready , dear mother ; only don ' t hurry yourself ," said Susan .
You won ' t like to leave home ; I ' ll go to Barbara , and you shall see your guinea - hen in ten minutes ."
I would have taken a shilling yesterday , if it had been paid at the time properly ; but I told Susan , that if it was not paid then , I should keep the hen , and so I shall , I promise her .
" Well ," said Rose , " shall I go back for the guinea - hen ?"
" But do you know ," said she , " I shall have a great deal of business to - morrow ; but I won ' t tell you what it is that I have to do , for I am afraid I shall not succeed ; but if I do succeed , I ' ll come and tell you directly , because you will be so glad of it ."
" The next time I taste your broth you shall affront me , if you dare !
The next time I set my foot in this house , you shall be as saucy to me as you please ."
Your name shall not appear in it at all .
SHALL I PROCEED ?"
" That we shall ruin this poor man ."
" If he be litigious ," said Sir Arthur , " I shall certainly be glad to get him fairly out of the parish as soon as possible .
Whom shall I apply to ?"
" I shall not forget it ," said Susan , steadily .
Well , play us a tune , if you can play ever a good one -- play me -- let ' s see , what shall he play , Bob ?"
" I fancy we shall find what we want here ," said Miss Somers , stopping before a shop , where unfolded sheets of pins and glass buttons glistened in the window , and where rolls of many coloured ribbons appeared ranged in tempting order .
" If you don ' t fancy any of these ," said the civil shopkeeper to Susan , " we shall have a new assortment of calicoes for the spring season , soon from town ."
Good night , Susan , we shall soon come again to your neat cottage ."
When you come to our cottage again you shall know all ."
I ' ll send the parcel up to the Abbey , shall I , ma ' am ?"
" I was thinking about it , boy , myself ," said the butcher ; " it ' s a sin to kill a PET LAMB , I ' m thinking -- any way , it ' s what I ' m not used to , and don ' t fancy doing , and I ' ll go and say as much to Attorney Case ; but he ' s a hard man ; there ' s but one way to deal with him , and that ' s the way I must take , though so be I shall be the loser thereby ; but we ' ll say nothing to the boys , for fear it might be the thing would not take ; and then it would be worse again to poor Susan , who is a good girl , and always was , as well as she may , being of a good breed , and well reared from the first ."
All this happy news makes me so gay in myself , I ' m afraid I shall hardly understand it rightly .
I daresay , when they see that I ' m not a vulgar person , and all that ; and if I go cunningly to work with Miss Somers , as I shall , to be sure , I daresay , she ' ll take me to the ball with her ."
I shall LOOK THE LADIES WELL OVER , I promise you .
" Shall we walk out before tea ?"
" Shall we try her ?"
" Nor I neither , I hope ," said Susan , looking round upon her companions with a most affectionate smile : " I hope , whilst I live , I shall never forget your goodness to me last May day .
" Now , my pretty guinea - hen ," said Susan --" my naughty guinea - hen , that flew away from me , you shall never serve me so again .
I shall be turned away for it , you ' ll see ."
We shall not follow him ; we had rather follow our old friend , the victorious harper .
" Well , let us read the letter , and we shall come to the truth all in good time ."
You shall not find me as hard a creditor as Attorney Case .
If it is never convenient to you to pay it , I shall never ask it .
I shall go my rounds again through this country , I believe , about this time next year , and will call to see how you do , and to play the new tune for Susan and the dear little boys .
" I am ready to make him a new lease , whenever he pleases , of his farm , and I shall be guided by a memorandum of the original bargain , which he has in his possession .
I hope I never shall take an unfair advantage of anyone ."
" I shall not take advantage of you , as you would have taken of this honest man .
In both cases I shall be guided by memoranda which I have in my possession .
I shall not , Mr . Case , defraud you of one shilling of your property .
" You are attached to your own family , perhaps you may become attached to me , when you come to know me , and we shall have frequent opportunities of judging of one another .
Make haste and get quite well before that day ; for my brother intends that all the lads and lassies of the village shall have a dance on Susan ' s birthday ."
I shall tell them that it is your good conduct which has obtained it for them ; and if you have anything to ask , any little favour for any of your companions , which we can grant , now ask , Susan .
Well , the best of it is , we shall be able next year , when he comes his rounds , to pay him his money with thanks , being all the time , and for ever , as much obliged to him as if we kept it .
" Yes ," said Susan , " and the next time he comes , I can give him one of my guinea - hen ' s eggs , and I shall show my lamb , Daisy ."
" I ' ll ask my mother to ask Sir Arthur to try and find out which way that good old man went after the ball ; and if he ' s above ground , we ' ll have him back by Susan ' s birthday , and he shall sit here -- just exactly here by this , our bush , and he shall play -- I mean , if he pleases -- that same tune for us , and I shall learn it -- I mean , if I can -- in a minute ."
" No ," said Mr . Somerville , " the pigeon ' s head shall not be chopped off , nor yours either , my good boy , for breaking a window .
I shall begin to teach him to - morrow morning ; and then , father , you know people often pay a great deal for sending messengers ; and no boy can run , no horse can gallop , so fast as a bird can fly ; therefore the bird must be the best messenger , and I should be paid the best price .
" The pigeon will be home long before me , father ; and he will come in at the kitchen window , and light upon the dresser ; then you must untie the little note which I shall have tied under his left wing , and you ' ll know the price of beef directly ."
Now you shall be judge , mamma ; I ' ll tell you all that was in the drawer ."
" It is pretty for all that , and it cost a great deal of money too , and nobody shall have any like it , if they cried their eyes out ."
" Well , Miss Rosamond , for your comfort she shall never come into my house again ."
So the choice of which of us is to be captain is to be put to the vote amongst the lads -- most votes carry it ; and I have most votes , I fancy ; so I shall be captain , to - morrow , and a pretty deal of salt * I reckon I shall pocket .
I shall be left behind .
I am an old woman , and want but little in this world , and shall be soon out of it .
How shall we provide him with money at Cambridge ?
In style , to be sure ; for all the world ' s to be here -- the King , the Prince of WHales , and Duke o ' York , and all the first people ; and we shall cut a dash !
I am sure I shall be as much obliged if you do come .
But never fear : you ' ll please Bursal sooner than I shall .
I ' m as cool as a cucumber all the time ; and whilst they tink I ' m tinking of nothing in life but making a noise , I make my own snug little remarks in prose and verse , as -- now my voice is after coming back to me , you shall hear , if you plase .
Now , mind , I have a verse for everybody -- o ' the leading lads , I mean ; and I shall put ' em in or lave ' em out , according to their inclinations and deserts , wise - a - wee to you , my little frind .
If the allusion ' s good , we shall probably find out your meaning .
You shall have the credit of all .
Not so dead either ; for there ' s a great independent party , you know ; and if YOU don ' t help me , Bursal , to canvass them , I shall be no captain .
Oh , I shall never be better !
That MADAM shall go down in the bill , as sure as my name ' s Newington .
and how shall I make my appearance at the Montem , or any WARE else ?
I shall leave them to their own inclinations .
Well , I shall suffer for it more than anybody else ; for I love Talbot , since he did not make the song , of which I hate to think .
Well , I hope I shall be as rich as a Jew to - morrow .
It shall be done to - day ; and we will get the seeds ready for you , sir , immediately ."
I shall see all your yellow flowers withered tomorrow ; but it is done , and it cannot be helped ; so , Arthur , let us say no more about it ."
" That ' s not all , father ," said Arthur , trying to stop himself from sobbing ; " but the thing is , I shall never have such another play - fellow ,- - I shall never have such another friend as Maurice Grant ."
Oh , father , and shall I never go again to work in his garden , and may not he come to mine ?"
" No ," replied Oakly , sturdily ; " his father has used me uncivil , and no man shall use me uncivil twice .
Shall I bring it to you ?"
said Hal ; " these tops have no strings ; what shall we do for strings ?"
" What shall I do for a string ?
" I shall not think you one bit less manly , because I see you playing at cat ' s cradle with a little child of six years old ."
I wish the fortnight was over ; I shall think of nothing else , I know , till that happy day comes !"
cried Hal , " but you shall hear .
" Why , sir , because everybody has -- I mean everybody that ' s anybody ; and Lady Diana was talking about the uniform all dinner time , and it ' s settled , all about it , except the buttons : the young Sweepstakes are to get theirs made first for patterns -- they are to be white , faced with green , and they ' ll look very handsome , I ' m sure ; and I shall write to mamma to - night , as Lady Diana bid me , about mine ; and I shall tell her to be sure to answer my letter , without fail , by return of post ; and then , if mamma makes no objection , which I know she won ' t , because she never thinks much about expense , and ALL THAT -- then I shall bespeak my uniform , and get it made by the same tailor that makes for Lady Diana and the young Sweepstakes ."
" I don ' t pretend to understand these things ," added he , with an air of simplicity ; " but we will inquire , Ben , into the necessity of the case ; and if it is necessary -- or , if you think it necessary , that you shall have a uniform -- why , I ' ll give you one ."
Then , after we have seen him ( it is not eleven o ' clock yet ) we shall have time enough to walk on to Bristol , and choose the cloth for Ben ' s uniform , if it is necessary ."
" We shall hear ," said Ben , with a degree of composure which Hal could by no means comprehend when a uniform was in question .
we shall be late indeed ," said Hal ; " surely you ' ve looked long enough , Ben , at this blue and red window ."
" Shall we , may we , uncle , go that way ?
" Oh , no ," said Ben , laughing ; " I shall not change my mind ,"
" I shall not be displeased at your choosing whatever you like best ," said Mr . Gresham .
The three arrows you shall have .
But go on ; how shall I dispose of these five - and - twenty shillings for you ?"
We shall be late , I ' m afraid ," continued he , as the coach drove on : " but I must let you stop , Ben , with your goods , at the poor boy ' s door ."
said Ben , " I shall be glad of my good great - coat to - day ; for I ' ve a notion it will be rather cold upon the Downs , especially when we are standing still , as we must , whilst all the people are shooting ."
I don ' t think I shall feel it cold at all ," said Hal , as he dressed himself in his new green and white uniform ; and he viewed himself with much complacency .
" If you ' ll give me leave , sir ," said the poor Bristol lad , " I shall have plenty of time ; and I ' ll run down to the Well Walk after the young gentleman , and take him his bow and arrows ."
I shall be much obliged to you ," said Ben ; and away went the boy with the bow that was ornamented with green ribands .
But soon the fear of being too late at the archery meeting began to balance the dread of appearing in his stained habiliments ; and he now as anxiously repeated , whilst the woman held the wet coat to the fire , " Oh , I shall be too late ; indeed , I shall be too late ; make haste ; it will never dry ; hold it nearer -- nearer to the fire .
I shall lose my turn to shoot ; oh , give me the coat ; I don ' t mind how it is , if I can but get it on ."
I shall like to see .
An early little body , as you say , Mrs . Bustle ; so I shall have my goose - pie for dinner , hey ?
You shall have your turn presently .
none such ever slept at the " Saracen ' s Head " afore , or shall afterwards , as long as my name ' s Bustle , and the " Saracen ' s Head " is the " Saracen ' s Head ."
He SHALL speak first , since I ' ve said it -- that ' s poz !
Shall I send the goose - pie up , your worship , if it ' s ready ?
Oh , darling , YOU shall contradict me as often as you please -- only not before I ' ve drunk my chocolate , child -- hey !
Nothing shall make me believe it ever -- that ' s poz .
Well !-- I shall have but few days ' more misery in this world !
Shall he come in , papa ?
Yes , child , by all means ; and now I shall hear what possessed him to leave the box .
cried Frederick , exulting , " now we shall see a philosopheress in a passion ; I ' d give sixpence , half - price , for a harlequin entertainment , to see Sophy in a passion .
But she is temperate now , and I won ' t plague her ; she shall chop logic , if she likes it , though she is a woman ."
Now , my dear , what shall I help you to ?
exclaimed Mrs . Tattle ; " so like Miss Croker , I ' m sure I shall think of you , Mr . Frederick , when I hear her asked to sing again .
She ' s a particular favourite of mine , you must know ; and I mean to do her a piece of service the first opportunity , by saying something or other , that shall go round to her relations in Northumberland , and make them do something for her ; as well they may , for they are all rolling in gold , and won ' t give her a penny ."
I shall never be tired , if I sit looking at you these hundred years ."
So I shall take an opportunity of saying , when I tell the story in all companies ; and the boy may thank his kind stars , I ' m sure , to the end of his days , for such an escape -- But pray , Christopher ," said she , persisting in her conversation with Christopher , who was now laying the cloth for supper , " pray , which house was it in Paradise Row ?
" Well , well , let us hear it ; and you shall do as you please afterwards .
" It shall , it must be done .
You shall do as you please afterwards ."
You shall do as you please afterwards ."
" But I don ' t think it ' s right ," persisted Marianne , " and I shall tell him so ."
said Frederick ; " he shall hold the basin ."
" I shall say nothing about you , I promise you ," said Frederick , with a look of contempt .
" He shall know all !"
But this is a lesson that I shall never forget as long as I live .
I hope for the future I shall behave like a gentleman ."
Let us have the ' School for Scandal ,' do ; and I ' ll play Charles for you , and you , De Grey , shall be MY LITTLE PREMIUM .
I have done my best to please you ; but if anybody else can please you better , I shall be glad of it .
I ' ve stumbled on the mitre box ; I shall certainly be a bishop ."
" _I_ shall not hear you ," said De Grey , " I am going ."
" And when shall I find it ?"
If you desire me to be your manager , you shall see what a theatre I will make for you .
" Neither Dr . Middleton nor any doctor upon earth shall treat me with injustice .
" WE SHALL NOT SUSPECT HIM OF CAPRICE !"
I am manager , and I will be manager ; and you shall see my theatre finished in spite of you , and MY party triumphant ."
WE shall laugh by - and - by , I promise you ."
" You may consult the old woman ," said Archer , bursting out a - laughing , " about what ' s right and wrong , if you please ; but no old woman shall decide for me ."
" Pray , in our Barring Out shall we be starved ?"
" Bless me ," exclaimed Archer , suddenly stopping in this narration of his services , " there ' s one thing , after all , I ' ve forgot , we shall be undone without it .
We shall be in the dark , man .
How Mr . Fisher procured the candles and the tinder box without money , and without credit , we shall discover further on .
" No ," said they , with a faint laugh , " but what shall we do here in the dark all night long , and all day to - morrow ?
I shall like to see the gardener ' s phiz through the trap - door , when he beholds the spikes under him !"
You shall be my captain ; will you ?"
" No one shall ever accuse me of deserting my party .
Greybeard !-- this little fellow is worth you all put together , and I ' ll stand by him against anyone who dares to lay a finger upon him ; and the next morsel of food that I see shall be his .
said the voice from without ; " the gardener will come from dinner , else , and we shall be caught .
cried Archer , with energy , " he shall not repent of his confidence in you -- nor shall you repent of coming amongst us .
You shall find that we have some honour as well as yourself , and I will take care of your honour as if it were my OWN !"
He shall not lose his credit on my account ."
" No ," said De Grey , " you shall not give up for my sake ."
I shall never revenge , but it is my duty to punish .
As long as they do intrust you to my care , and as long as I have any hopes of making you wiser and better by punishment , I shall steadily inflict it , whenever I judge it to be necessary , and I judge it to be necessary NOW .
" I shall , then ," said Dr . Middleton , " deprive you , for two months , of pocket - money , as you have had too much , and have made a bad use of it ."
" You shall return from the playground , all of you ," said Dr . Middleton , " one quarter of an hour sooner , for two months to come , than the rest of your companions .
A bell shall ring at the appointed time .
we will come the instant , the very instant the bell rings ; you shall have confidence in us ," cried they , eagerly .
" Mr . Fisher ," said Dr . Middleton , " as to you , I shall not punish you ; I have no hope of making you either wiser or better .
Everybody turned away with contempt ; and he sneaked out , whimpering in a doleful voice , " What shall I say to my Aunt Barbara ?"
I hope -- I am sure I never shall ."
Show me that you have as much perseverance as you have candour , and I shall not despair of your becoming everything that I could wish ."
How far she succeeded in curing herself of this defect -- how far she became deserving of the bracelet , and to whom the bracelet was given -- shall be told in the History of the First of June .
You shall give it to me entirely ; and as your keepsake , I ' ll keep it as long as I live ."
Leonora or I shall win it .
For one fault , and THAT against myself , shall I forget all her merits ?"
" I will take your shell , and I shall value it as long as I live ; but here is a red one , and if you wish to show me that you love me , you will give this to Cecilia .
If I should not win the prize , how shall I confess what I have done ?
How shall I beg Leonora to forgive me ?
The moment she appears I shall be forgotten .
What -- what shall I do ?"
" The poor fellow , however , shall have a little of this water ," added he , leading the ass to a pool by the roadside .
He will buy no more fish from you , because he will be afraid of your cheating him ; but he will be ready enough to buy fruit from me , because he will know I shall not cheat him -- so you ' ll have lost a customer , and I gained one ."
" Next summer is not come yet ; there is time enough to think what I shall do before next summer comes .
Here ; this vine , this fig - tree , and a melon a week next summer shall be yours .
" Thank you , father ; and if I prosper at all , it shall be by those means , and no other , or I should not be worthy to be called your son ."
" But ," said Piedro , after he had taken several , " shall not I get you into a scrape by taking so many ?
" You shall have what share of the profits you please ."
" Hey , shall I !
" Adieu , I wish you well with all my heart ; but I must leave you now , or I shall be too late for the market ."
" You are most impatient ," said Piedro ; " I shall have a fresh stock of almonds to - morrow ."
I ' ll do it to - morrow , and it shall be the admiration of the market .
repeated Francisco , not a little alarmed at the high sounding word ; " that ' s what I certainly shall never understand ."
I have a great notion we shall become friends ; and , to begin , step in with me now ," said Carlo , " and eat a little macaroni with us .
Besides , you ' ll see my father , and he ' ll show you plenty of rules and compasses , as you like such things ; and then I ' ll go home with you in the cool of the evening , and you shall show me your melons and vines , and teach me , in time , something of gardening .
But now what shall I do , Carlo ?
I shall have no money to give him : I must give back his shells , and that ' s a great pity ."
" We can go to it ," said Francisco , " and I hope we shall recover your basketful ."
We shall not dwell upon all his petty methods of cheating in the trades he next attempted .
We shall now for the present leave Piedro to his follies and his fate ; or , to speak more properly , to his follies and their inevitable consequences .
Some great people , when they lose any of their fine things , cause the crier to promise a reward of so much money to anyone who shall find and restore their trinket .
" You shall like another , I promise you ," said Francisco .
We shall live , whilst we can afford it , like great folks , you will see ; and I shall enjoy the envy that will be felt by some of my old friends , the little Neapolitan merchants , who will change their note when they see my change of fortune .
Whether Piedro had power to stop , or whether he was hurried on by his associates , we shall , for the present , leave in doubt .
The villagers listened with large eyes and open ears to these relations ; yet such was their habitual attachment to the spot they lived upon , or such the security in their own good fortune , that few of them would believe that there could be any necessity for removing .--" We ' ll see what will happen to - morrow ; we shall be safe here one day longer ," said they .
He left it not too soon , for the next morning exhibited a scene -- a scene which we shall not attempt to describe .
said the count to Francisco , " I thank you , and shall not limit my gratitude to thanks .
It is from this moment your interest , as well as mine , to prevent their depredations ; for ( trust to my liberality ) a portion of all that is saved of mine shall be yours ."
Go ; I shall not forget to celebrate the heroic action you have performed this day .
I still amuse myself amongst the populace in my tattered garb late in the evenings , and I shall sound your praises through Naples in a poem I mean to recite on the late eruption of Mount Vesuvius .
" Your hat is very safe , I promise you ; I shall not touch it .
I am compelled , under the threat of assassination , to accompany them ; but I shall do no more .
said Tarlton , " what shall we do now ?"
We shall not dwell upon their consultation ; for the amusement of contriving such expeditions is often the chief thing which induces idle boys to engage in them .
stick to it , stick to it , I advise you , and we shall see .
what shall we all do ?
" I will ask him nothing ; I shall neither put his truth nor his honour to the trial ; truth and honour are not to be expected amongst thieves ."
" I am sure ," thought Loveit , " this is a lesson I shall never forget ."
I shall never be hurt again , if you will only be so good as to give me the old handle of the broken crutch , grandmother , and the block of wood that lies in the chimney - corner , and that is of no use .
I call this thing my SCOTCHER ," said Paul , " because I shall always scotch the wheels with it .
I shall never pinch my fingers again ; my hands , you see , will be safe at the end of this long stick ; and , sister Anne , you need not be at the trouble of carrying any more stones after me up the hill ; we shall never want stones any more .
" So do I , my dear Anne ," said the old woman ; " for I mean that you and your brother shall have all the money that you get to - morrow .
I daresay more carriages will come by before it is quite dark , and then we shall have more halfpence ."
I ' ll run to the fruit - stall , and ask the woman ; shall I ?"
But , Paul , how shall we buy a blanket ?
" And you ' ll bring the blanket to me , and I shall make the bed very neatly , that will be all right -- all happy !"
" She shall have it , then ; and ," continued the gentleman , " I will do something more for you .
" I shall come through Dunstable again in a few months ," added he ; " and I hope to see that you and your scholars are going on well .
For by how much the more pains ye take to please the world , by so much the more shall ye for ever go thankless !
Here ye strike but splintered hearts together -- there , ye shall strike unsplinterable glasses !
" In that day , the Lord with his sore , and great , and strong sword , shall punish Leviathan the piercing serpent , even Leviathan that crooked serpent ; and he shall slay the dragon that is in the sea ."
" If we compare land animals in respect to magnitude , with those that take up their abode in the deep , we shall find they will appear contemptible in the comparison .
I now demand of you to speak out and tell me who and what this harpooneer is , and whether I shall be in all respects safe to spend the night with him .
" My song for ever shall record That terrible , that joyful hour ; I give the glory to my God , His all the mercy and the power .
Then , in that contracted hole , sunk , too , beneath the ship ' s water - line , Jonah feels the heralding presentiment of that stifling hour , when the whale shall hold him in the smallest of his bowels ' wards .
" Nothing , Sir ; but I have no doubt I shall soon learn .
" Well , Captain Bildad ," interrupted Peleg , " what d ' ye say , what lay shall we give this young man ?"
Well , old Bildad , you are determined that I , for one , shall not LAY up many LAYS here below , where moth and rust do corrupt .
" Captain Peleg ," said I , " I have a friend with me who wants to ship too -- shall I bring him down to - morrow ?"
And as for the matter of the alleged uncleanliness of our business , ye shall soon be initiated into certain facts hitherto pretty generally unknown , and which , upon the whole , will triumphantly plant the sperm whale - ship at least among the cleanliest things of this tidy earth .
And , as for me , if , by any possibility , there be any as yet undiscovered prime thing in me ; if I shall ever deserve any real repute in that small but high hushed world which I might not be unreasonably ambitious of ; if hereafter I shall do anything that , upon the whole , a man might rather have done than to have left undone ; if , at my death , my executors , or more properly my creditors , find any precious MSS .
But we shall ere long see what that word " careful " precisely means when used by a man like Stubb , or almost any other whale hunter .
If , then , to meanest mariners , and renegades and castaways , I shall hereafter ascribe high qualities , though dark ; weave round them tragic graces ; if even the most mournful , perchance the most abased , among them all , shall at times lift himself to the exalted mounts ; if I shall touch that workman ' s arm with some ethereal light ; if I shall spread a rainbow over his disastrous set of sun ; then against all mortal critics bear me out in it , thou Just Spirit of Equality , which hast spread one royal mantle of humanity over all my kind !
On the grim Pequod ' s forecastle , ye shall ere long see him , beating his tambourine ; prelusive of the eternal time , when sent for , to the great quarter - deck on high , he was bid strike in with angels , and beat his tambourine in glory ; called a coward here , hailed a hero there !
Already we are boldly launched upon the deep ; but soon we shall be lost in its unshored , harbourless immensities .
I shall not pretend to a minute anatomical description of the various species , or -- in this place at least -- to much of any description .
Next : how shall we define the whale , by his obvious externals , so as conspicuously to label him for all time to come ?
First : According to magnitude I divide the whales into three primary BOOKS ( subdivisible into CHAPTERS ), and these shall comprehend them all , both small and large .
But it may possibly be conceived that , in the internal parts of the whale , in his anatomy -- there , at least , we shall be able to hit the right classification .
Where any name happens to be vague or inexpressive , I shall say so , and suggest another .
I shall enumerate them by their fore - castle appellations ; for possibly such a list may be valuable to future investigators , who may complete what I have here but begun .
If any of the following whales , shall hereafter be caught and marked , then he can readily be incorporated into this System , according to his Folio , Octavo , or Duodecimo magnitude :-- The Bottle - Nose Whale ; the Junk Whale ; the Pudding - Headed Whale ; the Cape Whale ; the Leading Whale ; the Cannon Whale ; the Scragg Whale ; the Coppered Whale ; the Elephant Whale ; the Iceberg Whale ; the Quog Whale ; the Blue Whale ; etc .
what shall be grand in thee , it must needs be plucked at from the skies , and dived for in the deep , and featured in the unbodied air !
For the most part , in this tropic whaling life , a sublime uneventfulness invests you ; you hear no news ; read no gazettes ; extras with startling accounts of commonplaces never delude you into unnecessary excitements ; you hear of no domestic afflictions ; bankrupt securities ; fall of stocks ; are never troubled with the thought of what you shall have for dinner -- for all your meals for three years and more are snugly stowed in casks , and your bill of fare is immutable .
Receiving the top - maul from Starbuck , he advanced towards the main - mast with the hammer uplifted in one hand , exhibiting the gold with the other , and with a high raised voice exclaiming : " Whosoever of ye raises me a white - headed whale with a wrinkled brow and a crooked jaw ; whosoever of ye raises me that white - headed whale , with three holes punctured in his starboard fluke -- look ye , whosoever of ye raises me that same white whale , he shall have this gold ounce , my boys !"
your own condescension , THAT shall bend ye to it .
And have I not tallied the whale , Ahab would mutter to himself , as after poring over his charts till long after midnight he would throw himself back in reveries -- tallied him , and shall he escape ?
I care not to perform this part of my task methodically ; but shall be content to produce the desired impression by separate citations of items , practically or reliably known to me as a whaleman ; and from these citations , I take it -- the conclusion aimed at will naturally follow of itself .
but I shall go stark , staring mad !
" Queequeg ," said I , " come along , you shall be my lawyer , executor , and legatee ."
For my humor ' s sake , I shall preserve the style in which I once narrated it at Lima , to a lounging circle of my Spanish friends , one saint ' s eve , smoking upon the thick - gilt tiled piazza of the Golden Inn .
" On the eastern shore of our Lake Erie , Don ; but -- I crave your courtesy -- may be , you shall soon hear further of all that .
At all events , he had proved so thus far ; but Radney was doomed and made mad , and Steelkilt -- but , gentlemen , you shall hear .
"' Shall we ?'
I shall ere long paint to you as well as one can without canvas , something like the true form of the whale as he actually appears to the eye of the whaleman when in his own absolute body the whale is moored alongside the whale - ship so that he can be fairly stepped upon there .
What shall be said of these ?
As for the sign - painters ' whales seen in the streets hanging over the shops of oil - dealers , what shall be said of them ?
" Well ," said Stubb , helping himself freely meanwhile ; " I shall now go back to the subject of this steak .
Therefore , the common usage is to take in all sail ; lash the helm a ' lee ; and then send every one below to his hammock till daylight , with the reservation that , until that time , anchor - watches shall be kept ; that is , two and two for an hour , each couple , the crew in rotation shall mount the deck to see that all goes well .
But in very many cases , circumstances require that the harpooneer shall remain on the whale till the whole tensing or stripping operation is concluded .
So that when I shall hereafter detail to you all the specialities and concentrations of potency everywhere lurking in this expansive monster ; when I shall show you some of his more inconsiderable braining feats ; I trust you will have renounced all ignorant incredulity , and be ready to abide by this ; that though the Sperm Whale stove a passage through the Isthmus of Darien , and mixed the Atlantic with the Pacific , you would not elevate one hair of your eye - brow .
If hereafter any highly cultured , poetical nation shall lure back to their birth - right , the merry May - day gods of old ; and livingly enthrone them again in the now egotistical sky ; in the now unhaunted hill ; then be sure , exalted to Jove ' s high seat , the great Sperm Whale shall lord it .
In the Shore Whaling , on soundings , among the Bays of New Zealand , when a Right Whale gives token of sinking , they fasten buoys to him , with plenty of rope ; so that when the body has gone down , they know where to look for it when it shall have ascended again .
If I say , that in any creature breathing is only a function indispensable to vitality , inasmuch as it withdraws from the air a certain element , which being subsequently brought into contact with the blood imparts to the blood its vivifying principle , I do not think I shall err ; though I may possibly use some superfluous scientific words .
Thou shalt see my back parts , my tail , he seems to say , but my face shall not be seen .
Nevertheless , in the proper place we shall see that no knowing fisherman will ever turn up his nose at such a whale as this , however much he may shun blasted whales in general .
" What shall I say to him first ?"
What then shall I liken the Sperm Whale to for fragrance , considering his magnitude ?
But even Solomon , he says , " the man that wandereth out of the way of understanding shall remain " ( I . E ., even while living ) " in the congregation of the dead ."
" Shall I call that wise or foolish , now ; if it be really wise it has a foolish look to it ; yet , if it be really foolish , then has it a sort of wiseish look to it .
The weaver - god , he weaves ; and by that weaving is he deafened , that he hears no mortal voice ; and by that humming , we , too , who look on the loom are deafened ; and only when we escape it shall we hear the thousand voices that speak through it .
The skeleton dimensions I shall now proceed to set down are copied verbatim from my right arm , where I had them tattooed ; as in my wild wanderings at that period , there was no other secure way of preserving such valuable statistics .
Having already in various ways put before you his skull , spout - hole , jaw , teeth , tail , forehead , fins , and divers other parts , I shall now simply point out what is most interesting in the general bulk of his unobstructed bones .
Natural as it is to be somewhat incredulous concerning the populousness of the more enormous creatures of the globe , yet what shall we say to Harto , the historian of Goa , when he tells us that at one hunting the King of Siam took 4 , 000 elephants ; that in those regions elephants are numerous as droves of cattle in the temperate climes .
For , not to hint of this : that it is an inference from certain canonic teachings , that while some natural enjoyments here shall have no children born to them for the other world , but , on the contrary , shall be followed by the joy - childlessness of all hell ' s despair ; whereas , some guilty mortal miseries shall still fertilely beget to themselves an eternally progressive progeny of griefs beyond the grave ; not at all to hint of this , there still seems an inequality in the deeper analysis of the thing .
Imprimis , fifty feet high in his socks ; then , chest modelled after the Thames Tunnel ; then , legs with roots to ' em , to stay in one place ; then , arms three feet through the wrist ; no heart at all , brass forehead , and about a quarter of an acre of fine brains ; and let me see -- shall I order eyes to see outwards ?
Shall I keep standing here ?
Well , then , will it speak thoroughly well for thy work , if , when I come to mount this leg thou makest , I shall nevertheless feel another leg in the same identical place with it ; that is , carpenter , my old lost leg ; the flesh and blood one , I mean .
Shall we not understand each other better than hitherto , Captain Ahab ?"
Such a sight we shall not soon see ."
" Though it come to the last , I shall still go before thee thy pilot ."
I have here two pledges that I shall yet slay Moby Dick and survive it ."
thou tellest me truly where I AM -- but canst thou cast the least hint where I SHALL be ?
dashing it to the deck , " no longer will I guide my earthly way by thee ; the level ship ' s compass , and the level deadreckoning , by log and by line ; THESE shall conduct me , and show me my place on the sea .
Shall I strike it , sir ?"
Shall I get them inboard ?"
Shall I strike that ?
But shall this crazed old man be tamely suffered to drag a whole ship ' s company down to doom with him ?-- Yes , it would make him the wilful murderer of thirty men and more , if this ship come to any deadly harm ; and come to deadly harm , my soul swears this ship will , if Ahab have his way .
Shall I ?
shall I ?-- The wind has gone down and shifted , sir ; the fore and main topsails are reefed and set ; she heads her course ."
Here , boy ; Ahab ' s cabin shall be Pip ' s home henceforth , while Ahab lives .
" And shall I nail down the lid , sir ?"
" And shall I caulk the seams , sir ?"
" And shall I then pay over the same with pitch , sir ?"
" For eight - and - forty hours let me charter your ship -- I will gladly pay for it , and roundly pay for it -- if there be no other way -- for eight - and - forty hours only -- only that -- you must , oh , you must , and you SHALL do this thing ."
Nor does it unfrequently occur , that Nantucket captains will send a son of such tender age away from them , for a protracted three or four years ' voyage in some other ship than their own ; so that their first knowledge of a whaleman ' s career shall be unenervated by any chance display of a father ' s natural but untimely partiality , or undue apprehensiveness and concern .
Do thou abide below here , where they shall serve thee , as if thou wert the captain .
That hazard shall not be thine .
-- Then advancing towards the doubloon in the main - mast --" Men , this gold is mine , for I earned it ; but I shall let it abide here till the White Whale is dead ; and then , whosoever of ye first raises him , upon the day he shall be killed , this gold is that man ' s ; and if on that day I shall again raise him , then , ten times its sum shall be divided among all of ye !
Two days chased ; twice stove to splinters ; thy very leg once more snatched from under thee ; thy evil shadow gone -- all good angels mobbing thee with warnings :-- what more wouldst thou have ?-- Shall we keep chasing this murderous fish till he swamps the last man ?
Shall we be dragged by him to the bottom of the sea ?
Shall we be towed by him to the infernal world ?
In due time the boats were lowered ; but as standing in his shallop ' s stern , Ahab just hovered upon the point of the descent , he waved to the mate ,-- who held one of the tackle - ropes on deck -- and bade him pause .
That glory never shall his wrath or might Extort from me .
If then his providence Out of our evil seek to bring forth good , Our labour must be to pervert that end , And out of good still to find means of evil ; Which ofttimes may succeed so as perhaps Shall grieve him , if I fail not , and disturb His inmost counsels from their destined aim .
Be it so , since he Who now is sovereign can dispose and bid What shall be right : farthest from him is best Whom reason hath equalled , force hath made supreme Above his equals .
Here at least We shall be free ; th ' Almighty hath not built Here for his envy , will not drive us hence : Here we may reigh secure ; and , in my choice , To reign is worth ambition , though in Hell : Better to reign in Hell than serve in Heaven .
For who can yet believe , though after loss , That all these puissant legions , whose exile Hath emptied Heaven , shall fail to re - ascend , Self - raised , and repossess their native seat ?
Thither , if but to pry , shall be perhaps Our first eruption -- thither , or elsewhere ; For this infernal pit shall never hold Celestial Spirits in bondage , nor th ' Abyss Long under darkness cover .
For , while they sit contriving , shall the rest -- Millions that stand in arms , and longing wait The signal to ascend -- sit lingering here , Heaven ' s fugitives , and for their dwelling - place Accept this dark opprobrious den of shame , The prison of his ryranny who reigns By our delay ?
let us rather choose , Armed with Hell - flames and fury , all at once O ' er Heaven ' s high towers to force resistless way , Turning our tortures into horrid arms Against the Torturer ; when , to meet the noise Of his almighty engine , he shall hear Infernal thunder , and , for lightning , see Black fire and horror shot with equal rage Among his Angels , and his throne itself Mixed with Tartarean sulphur and strange fire , His own invented torments .
What if all Her stores were opened , and this firmament Of Hell should spout her cataracts of fire , Impendent horrors , threatening hideous fall One day upon our heads ; while we perhaps , Designing or exhorting glorious war , Caught in a fiery tempest , shall be hurled , Each on his rock transfixed , the sport and prey Or racking whirlwinds , or for ever sunk Under yon boiling ocean , wrapt in chains , There to converse with everlasting groans , Unrespited , unpitied , unreprieved , Ages of hopeless end ?
Shall we , then , live thus vile -- the race of Heaven Thus trampled , thus expelled , to suffer here Chains and these torments ?
Him to unthrone we then May hope , when everlasting Fate shall yield To fickle Chance , and Chaos judge the strife .
Nor will occasion want , nor shall we need With dangerous expedition to invade Heaven , whose high walls fear no assault or siege , Or ambush from the Deep .
This would surpass Common revenge , and interrupt his joy In our confusion , and our joy upraise In his disturbance ; when his darling sons , Hurled headlong to partake with us , shall curse Their frail original , and faded bliss -- Faded so soon !
The bold design Pleased highly those infernal States , and joy Sparkled in all their eyes : with full assent They vote : whereat his speech he thus renews :-- " Well have ye judged , well ended long debate , Synod of Gods , and , like to what ye are , Great things resolved , which from the lowest deep Will once more lift us up , in spite of fate , Nearer our ancient seat -- perhaps in view Of those bright confines , whence , with neighbouring arms , And opportune excursion , we may chance Re - enter Heaven ; or else in some mild zone Dwell , not unvisited of Heaven ' s fair light , Secure , and at the brightening orient beam Purge off this gloom : the soft delicious air , To heal the scar of these corrosive fires , Shall breathe her balm .
But , first , whom shall we send In search of this new World ?
whom shall we find Sufficient ?
who shall tempt with wandering feet The dark , unbottomed , infinite Abyss , And through the palpable obscure find out His uncouth way , or spread his airy flight , Upborne with indefatigable wings Over the vast abrupt , ere he arrive The happy Isle ?
Go , therefore , mighty Powers , Terror of Heaven , though fallen ; intend at home , While here shall be our home , what best may ease The present misery , and render Hell More tolerable ; if there be cure or charm To respite , or deceive , or slack the pain Of this ill mansion : intermit no watch Against a wakeful foe , while I abroad Through all the coasts of dark destruction seek Deliverance for us all .
This enterprise None shall partake with me ."
Before mine eyes in opposition sits Grim Death , my son and foe , who set them on , And me , his parent , would full soon devour For want of other prey , but that he knows His end with mine involved , and knows that I Should prove a bitter morsel , and his bane , Whenever that shall be : so Fate pronounced .
Be this , or aught Than this more secret , now designed , I haste To know ; and , this once known , shall soon return , And bring ye to the place where thou and Death Shall dwell at ease , and up and down unseen Wing silently the buxom air , embalmed With odours .
There ye shall be fed and filled Immeasurably ; all things shall be your prey ."
Thou wilt bring me soon To that new world of light and bliss , among The gods who live at ease , where I shall reign At thy right hand voluptuous , as beseems Thy daughter and thy darling , without end ."
Or hear " st thou rather pure ethereal stream , Whose fountain who shall tell ?
whom no bounds Prescrib ' d no bars of Hell , nor all the chains Heap ' d on him there , nor yet the main abyss Wide interrupt , can hold ; so bent he seems On desperate revenge , that shall redound Upon his own rebellious head .
And now , Through all restraint broke loose , he wings his way Not far off Heaven , in the precincts of light , Directly towards the new created world , And man there plac ' d , with purpose to assay If him by force he can destroy , or , worse , By some false guile pervert ; and shall pervert ; For man will hearken to his glozing lies , And easily transgress the sole command , Sole pledge of his obedience : So will fall He and his faithless progeny : Whose fault ?
The first sort by their own suggestion fell , Self - tempted , self - deprav ' d : Man falls , deceiv ' d By the other first : Man therefore shall find grace , The other none : In mercy and justice both , Through Heaven and Earth , so shall my glory excel ; But Mercy , first and last , shall brightest shine .
O Father , gracious was that word which clos ' d Thy sovran command , that Man should find grace ; , that Man should find grace ; For which both Heaven and earth shall high extol Thy praises , with the innumerable sound Of hymns and sacred songs , wherewith thy throne Encompass ' d shall resound thee ever blest .
Or shall the Adversary thus obtain His end , and frustrate thine ?
shall he fulfill His malice , and thy goodness bring to nought , Or proud return , though to his heavier doom , Yet with revenge accomplish ' d , and to Hell Draw after him the whole race of mankind , By him corrupted ?
My word , my wisdom , and effectual might , All hast thou spoken as my thoughts are , all As my eternal purpose hath decreed ; Man shall not quite be lost , but sav ' d who will ; Yet not of will in him , but grace in me Freely vouchsaf ' d ; once more I will renew His lapsed powers , though forfeit ; and enthrall ' d By sin to foul exorbitant desires ; Upheld by me , yet once more he shall stand On even ground against his mortal foe ; By me upheld , that he may know how frail His fallen condition is , and to me owe All his deliverance , and to none but me .
Some I have chosen of peculiar grace , Elect above the rest ; so is my will : The rest shall hear me call , and oft be warn ' d Their sinful state , and to appease betimes The incensed Deity , while offer ' d grace Invites ; for I will clear their senses dark , What may suffice , and soften stony hearts To pray , repent , and bring obedience due .
To prayer , repentance , and obedience due , Though but endeavour ' d with sincere intent , Mine ear shall not be slow , mine eye not shut .
And I will place within them as a guide , My umpire Conscience ; whom if they will hear , Light after light , well us ' d , they shall attain , And to the end , persisting , safe arrive .
This my long sufferance , and my day of grace , They who neglect and scorn , shall never taste ; But hard be harden ' d , blind be blinded more , That they may stumble on , and deeper fall ; And none but such from mercy I exclude .
Say , heavenly Powers , where shall we find such love ?
Father , thy word is past , Man shall find grace ; And shall grace not find means , that finds her way , The speediest of thy winged messengers , To visit all thy creatures , and to all Comes unprevented , unimplor ' d , unsought ?
Under his gloomy power I shall not long Lie vanquished .
Thou hast given me to possess Life in myself for ever ; by thee I live ; Though now to Death I yield , and am his due , All that of me can die , yet , that debt paid , $ thou wilt not leave me in the loathsome grave His prey , nor suffer my unspotted soul For ever with corruption there to dwell ; But I shall rise victorious , and subdue My vanquisher , spoiled of his vaunted spoil .
Death his death ' s wound shall then receive , and stoop Inglorious , of his mortal sting disarmed ; I through the ample air in triumph high Shall lead Hell captive maugre Hell , and show The powers of darkness bound .
Thou , at the sight Pleased , out of Heaven shalt look down and smile , While , by thee raised , I ruin all my foes ; Death last , and with his carcase glut the grave ; Then , with the multitude of my redeemed , Shall enter Heaven , long absent , and return , Father , to see thy face , wherein no cloud Of anger shall remain , but peace assured And reconcilement : wrath shall be no more Thenceforth , but in thy presence joy entire .
00021053 Thou , therefore , whom thou only canst redeem , Their nature also to thy nature join ; And be thyself Man among men on Earth , Made flesh , when time shall be , of virgin seed , By wondrous birth ; be thou in Adam ' s room The head of all mankind , though Adam ' s son .
As in him perish all men , so in thee , As from a second root , shall be restored As many as are restored , without thee none .
His crime makes guilty all his sons ; thy merit , Imputed , shall absolve them who renounce Their own both righteous and unrighteous deeds , And live in thee transplanted , and from thee Receive new life .
So Man , as is most just , Shall satisfy for Man , be judged and die , And dying rise , and rising with him raise His brethren , ransomed with his own dear life .
So heavenly love shall outdo hellish hate , Giving to death , and dying to redeem , So dearly to redeem what hellish hate So easily destroyed , and still destroys In those who , when they may , accept not grace .
Because thou hast , though throned in highest bliss Equal to God , and equally enjoying God - like fruition , quitted all , to save A world from utter loss , and hast been found By merit more than birthright Son of God , Found worthiest to be so by being good , Far more than great or high ; because in thee Love hath abounded more than glory abounds ; Therefore thy humiliation shall exalt With thee thy manhood also to this throne : Here shalt thou sit incarnate , here shalt reign Both God and Man , Son both of God and Man , Anointed universal King ; all power I give thee ; reign for ever , and assume Thy merits ; under thee , as head supreme , Thrones , Princedoms , Powers , Dominions , I reduce : All knees to thee shall bow , of them that bide In Heaven , or Earth , or under Earth in Hell .
When thou , attended gloriously from Heaven , Shalt in the sky appear , and from thee send The summoning Arch - Angels to proclaim Thy dread tribunal ; forthwith from all winds , The living , and forthwith the cited dead Of all past ages , to the general doom Shall hasten ; such a peal shall rouse their sleep .
Then , all thy saints assembled , thou shalt judge Bad Men and Angels ; they , arraigned , shall sink Beneath thy sentence ; Hell , her numbers full , Thenceforth shall be for ever shut .
Mean while The world shall burn , and from her ashes spring New Heaven and Earth , wherein the just shall dwell , And , after all their tribulations long , See golden days , fruitful of golden deeds , With joy and peace triumphing , and fair truth .
Then thou thy regal scepter shalt lay by , For regal scepter then no more shall need , God shall be all in all .
Thy name Shall be the copious matter of my song Henceforth , and never shall my heart thy praise Forget , nor from thy Father ' s praise disjoin .
which way shall I fly Infinite wrath , and infinite despair ?
all good to me is lost ; Evil , be thou my good ; by thee at least Divided empire with Heaven ' s King I hold , By thee , and more than half perhaps will reign ; As Man ere long , and this new world , shall know .
gentle pair , ye little think how nigh Your change approaches , when all these delights Will vanish , and deliver ye to woe ; More woe , the more your taste is now of joy ; Happy , but for so happy ill secured Long to continue , and this high seat your Heaven Ill fenced for Heaven to keep out such a foe As now is entered ; yet no purposed foe To you , whom I could pity thus forlorn , Though I unpitied : League with you I seek , And mutual amity , so strait , so close , That I with you must dwell , or you with me Henceforth ; my dwelling haply may not please , Like this fair Paradise , your sense ; yet such Accept your Maker ' s work ; he gave it me , Which I as freely give : Hell shall unfold , To entertain you two , her widest gates , And send forth all her kings ; there will be room , Not like these narrow limits , to receive Your numerous offspring ; if no better place , Thank him who puts me loth to this revenge On you who wrong me not for him who wronged .
thus these two , Imparadised in one another ' s arms , The happier Eden , shall enjoy their fill Of bliss on bliss ; while I to Hell am thrust , Where neither joy nor love , but fierce desire , Among our other torments not the least , Still unfulfilled with pain of longing pines .
But if within the circuit of these walks , In whatsoever shape he lurk , of whom Thou tellest , by morrow dawning I shall know .
But thou hast promised from us two a race To fill the earth , who shall with us extol Thy goodness infinite , both when we wake , And when we seek , as now , thy gift of sleep .
' Forbid who will , none shall from me withhold ' Longer thy offered good ; why else set here ?
no , for that shall be withstood ; But by deceit and lies : This let him know , Lest , wilfully transgressing , he pretend Surprisal , unadmonished , unforewarned .
small store will serve , where store , All seasons , ripe for use hangs on the stalk ; Save what by frugal storing firmness gains To nourish , and superfluous moist consumes : But I will haste , and from each bough and brake , Each plant and juciest gourd , will pluck such choice To entertain our Angel - guest , as he Beholding shall confess , that here on Earth God hath dispensed his bounties as in Heaven .
Hail , Mother of Mankind , whose fruitful womb Shall fill the world more numerous with thy sons , Than with these various fruits the trees of God Have heaped this table !-- Raised of grassy turf Their table was , and mossy seats had round , And on her ample square from side to side All autumn piled , though spring and autumn here Danced hand in hand .
Though in Heaven the trees Of life ambrosial fruitage bear , and vines Yield nectar ; though from off the boughs each morn We brush mellifluous dews , and find the ground Covered with pearly grain : Yet God hath here Varied his bounty so with new delights , As may compare with Heaven ; and to taste Think not I shall be nice .
Thy words Attentive , and with more delighted ear , Divine instructer , I have heard , than when Cherubick songs by night from neighbouring hills Aereal musick send : Nor knew I not To be both will and deed created free ; Yet that we never shall forget to love Our Maker , and obey him whose command Single is yet so just , my constant thoughts Assured me , and still assure : Though what thou tellest Hath passed in Heaven , some doubt within me move , But more desire to hear , if thou consent , The full relation , which must needs be strange , Worthy of sacred silence to be heard ; And we have yet large day , for scarce the sun Hath finished half his journey , and scarce begins His other half in the great zone of Heaven .
High matter thou enjoinest me , O prime of men , Sad task and hard : For how shall I relate To human sense the invisible exploits Of warring Spirits ?
yet for thy good This is dispensed ; and what surmounts the reach Of human sense , I shall delineate so , By likening spiritual to corporal forms , As may express them best ; though what if Earth Be but a shadow of Heaven , and things therein Each to other like , more than on earth is thought ?
Hear , all ye Angels , progeny of light , Thrones , Dominations , Princedoms , Virtues , Powers ; Hear my decree , which unrevoked shall stand .
This day I have begot whom I declare My only Son , and on this holy hill Him have anointed , whom ye now behold At my right hand ; your head I him appoint ; And by myself have sworn , to him shall bow All knees in Heaven , and shall confess him Lord : Under his great vice - gerent reign abide United , as one individual soul , For ever happy : Him who disobeys , Me disobeys , breaks union , and that day , Cast out from God and blessed vision , falls Into utter darkness , deep ingulfed , his place Ordained without redemption , without end .
Canst thou with impious obloquy condemn The just decree of God , pronounced and sworn , That to his only Son , by right endued With regal scepter , every soul in Heaven Shall bend the knee , and in that honour due Confess him rightful King ?
Our puissance is our own ; our own right hand Shall teach us highest deeds , by proof to try Who is our equal : Then thou shalt behold Whether by supplication we intend Address , and to begirt the almighty throne Beseeching or besieging .
Such hast thou armed , the minstrelsy of Heaven , Servility with freedom to contend , As both their deeds compared this day shall prove .
err not , that so shall end The strife which thou callest evil , but we style The strife of glory ; which we mean to win , Or turn this Heaven itself into the Hell Thou fablest ; here however to dwell free , If not to reign : Mean while thy utmost force , And join him named Almighty to thy aid , I fly not , but have sought thee far and nigh .
These in their dark nativity the deep Shall yield us , pregnant with infernal flame ; Which , into hollow engines , long and round , Thick rammed , at the other bore with touch of fire Dilated and infuriate , shall send forth From far , with thundering noise , among our foes Such implements of mischief , as shall dash To pieces , and o ' erwhelm whatever stands Adverse , that they shall fear we have disarmed The Thunderer of his only dreaded bolt .
Nor long shall be our labour ; yet ere dawn , Effect shall end our wish .
Scepter and power , thy giving , I assume , And gladlier shall resign , when in the end Thou shalt be all in all , and I in thee For ever ; and in me all whom thou lovest : But whom thou hatest , I hate , and can put on Thy terrours , as I put thy mildness on , Image of thee in all things ; and shall soon , Armed with thy might , rid Heaven of these rebelled ; To their prepared ill mansion driven down , To chains of darkness , and the undying worm ; That from thy just obedience could revolt , Whom to obey is happiness entire .
Then shall thy Saints unmixed , and from the impure Far separate , circling thy holy mount , Unfeigned Halleluiahs to thee sing , Hymns of high praise , and I among them Chief .
Yet what thou canst attain , which best may serve To glorify the Maker , and infer Thee also happier , shall not be withheld Thy hearing ; such commission from above I have received , to answer thy desire Of knowledge within bounds ; beyond , abstain To ask ; nor let thine own inventions hope Things not revealed , which the invisible King , Only Omniscient , hath suppressed in night ; To none communicable in Earth or Heaven : Enough is left besides to search and know .
Thus far to try thee , Adam , I was pleased ; And find thee knowing , not of beasts alone , Which thou hast rightly named , but of thyself ; Expressing well the spirit within thee free , My image , not imparted to the brute ; Whose fellowship therefore unmeet for thee Good reason was thou freely shouldst dislike ; And be so minded still : I , ere thou spakest , Knew it not good for Man to be alone ; And no such company as then thou sawest Intended thee ; for trial only brought , To see how thou couldest judge of fit and meet : What next I bring shall please thee , be assured , Thy likeness , thy fit help , thy other self , Thy wish exactly to thy heart ' s desire .
I now see Bone of my bone , flesh of my flesh , myself Before me : Woman is her name ; of Man Extracted : for this cause he shall forego Father and mother , and to his wife adhere ; And they shall be one flesh , one heart , one soul .
I in thy persevering shall rejoice , And all the Blest : Stand fast ; to stand or fall Free in thine own arbitrement it lies .
Gentle to me and affable hath been Thy condescension , and shall be honoured ever With grateful memory : Thou to mankind Be good and friendly still , and oft return !
But neither here seek I , no nor in Heaven To dwell , unless by mastering Heaven ' s Supreme ; Nor hope to be myself less miserable By what I seek , but others to make such As I , though thereby worse to me redound : For only in destroying I find ease To my relentless thoughts ; and , him destroyed , Or won to what may work his utter loss , For whom all this was made , all this will soon Follow , as to him linked in weal or woe ; In woe then ; that destruction wide may range : To me shall be the glory sole among The infernal Powers , in one day to have marred What he , Almighty styled , six nights and days Continued making ; and who knows how long Before had been contriving ?
For he who tempts , though in vain , at least asperses The tempted with dishonour foul ; supposed Not incorruptible of faith , not proof Against temptation : Thou thyself with scorn And anger wouldst resent the offered wrong , Though ineffectual found : misdeem not then , If such affront I labour to avert From thee alone , which on us both at once The enemy , though bold , will hardly dare ; Or daring , first on me the assault shall light .
With thy permission then , and thus forewarned Chiefly by what thy own last reasoning words Touched only ; that our trial , when least sought , May find us both perhaps far less prepared , The willinger I go , nor much expect A foe so proud will first the weaker seek ; So bent , the more shall shame him his repulse .
hath God then said that of the fruit Of all these garden - trees ye shall not eat , Yet Lords declared of all in earth or air $?
Of the fruit Of each tree in the garden we may eat ; But of the fruit of this fair tree amidst The garden , God hath said , Ye shall not eat Thereof , nor shall ye touch it , lest ye die .
do not believe Those rigid threats of death : ye shall not die : How should you ?
Shall that be shut to Man , which to the Beast Is open ?
He knows that in the day Ye eat thereof , your eyes that seem so clear , Yet are but dim , shall perfectly be then Opened and cleared , and ye shall be as Gods , Knowing both good and evil , as they know .
That ye shall be as Gods , since I as Man , Internal Man , is but proportion meet ; I , of brute , human ; ye , of human , Gods .
So ye shall die perhaps , by putting off Human , to put on Gods ; death to be wished , Though threatened , which no worse than this can bring .
In the day we eat Of this fair fruit , our doom is , we shall die !
And thy fair fruit let hang , as to no end Created ; but henceforth my early care , Not without song , each morning , and due praise , Shall tend thee , and the fertile burden ease Of thy full branches offered free to all ; Till , dieted by thee , I grow mature In knowledge , as the Gods , who all things know ; Though others envy what they cannot give : For , had the gift been theirs , it had not here Thus grown .
But to Adam in what sort Shall I appear ?
shall I to him make known As yet my change , and give him to partake Full happiness with me , or rather not , But keeps the odds of knowledge in my power Without copartner ?
then I shall be no more !
And Adam , wedded to another Eve , Shall live with her enjoying , I extinct ; A death to think !
Confirmed then I resolve , Adam shall share with me in bliss or woe : So dear I love him , that with him all deaths I could endure , without him live no life .
Thee I have missed , and thought it long , deprived Thy presence ; agony of love till now Not felt , nor shall be twice ; for never more Mean I to try , what rash untried I sought , The pain of absence from thy sight .
Should God create another Eve , and I Another rib afford , yet loss of thee Would never from my heart : no , no ! I feel The link of Nature draw me : flesh of flesh , Bone of my bone thou art , and from thy state Mine never shall be parted , bliss or woe .
Nor can I think that God , Creator wise , Though threatening , will in earnest so destroy Us his prime creatures , dignified so high , Set over all his works ; which in our fall , For us created , needs with us must fail , Dependant made ; so God shall uncreate , Be frustrate , do , undo , and labour lose ; Not well conceived of God , who , though his power Creation could repeat , yet would be loth Us to abolish , lest the Adversary Triumph , and say ; " Fickle their state whom God " Most favours ; who can please him long ?
Engaging me to emulate ; but , short Of thy perfection , how shall I attain , Adam , from whose dear side I boast me sprung , And gladly of our union hear thee speak , One heart , one soul in both ; whereof good proof This day affords , declaring thee resolved , Rather than death , or aught than death more dread , Shall separate us , linked in love so dear , To undergo with me one guilt , one crime , If any be , of tasting this fair fruit ; Whose virtue for of good still good proceeds , Direct , or by occasion , hath presented This happy trial of thy love , which else So eminently never had been known ?
O Eve , in evil hour thou didst give ear To that false worm , of whomsoever taught To counterfeit Man ' s voice ; true in our fall , False in our promised rising ; since our eyes Opened we find indeed , and find we know Both good and evil ; good lost , and evil got ; Bad fruit of knowledge , if this be to know ; Which leaves us naked thus , of honour void , Of innocence , of faith , of purity , Our wonted ornaments now soiled and stained , And in our faces evident the signs Of foul concupiscence ; whence evil store ; Even shame , the last of evils ; of the first Be sure then .-- How shall I behold the face Henceforth of God or Angel , erst with joy And rapture so oft beheld ?
Thus it shall befall Him , who , to worth in women overtrusting , Lets her will rule : restraint she will not brook ; And , left to herself , if evil thence ensue , She first his weak indulgence will accuse .
Which he presumes already vain and void , Because not yet inflicted , as he feared , By some immediate stroke ; but soon shall find Forbearance no acquittance , ere day end .
Justice shall not return as bounty scorned .
I go to judge On earth these thy transgressours ; but thou knowest , Whoever judged , the worst on me must light , When time shall be ; for so I undertook Before thee ; and , not repenting , this obtain Of right , that I may mitigate their doom On me derived ; yet I shall temper so Justice with mercy , as may illustrate most Them fully satisfied , and thee appease .
Attendance none shall need , nor train , where none Are to behold the judgement , but the judged , Those two ; the third best absent is condemned , Convict by flight , and rebel to all law : Conviction to the serpent none belongs .
Between thee and the woman I will put Enmity , and between thine and her seed ; Her seed shall bruise thy head , thou bruise his heel .
So spake this oracle , then verified When Jesus , Son of Mary , second Eve , Saw Satan fall , like lightning , down from Heaven , Prince of the air ; then , rising from his grave Spoiled Principalities and Powers , triumphed In open show ; and , with ascension bright , Captivity led captive through the air , The realm itself of Satan , long usurped ; Whom he shall tread at last under our feet ; Even he , who now foretold his fatal bruise ; And to the Woman thus his sentence turned .
Thy sorrow I will greatly multiply By thy conception ; children thou shalt bring In sorrow forth ; and to thy husband ' s will Thine shall submit ; he over thee shall rule .
Because thou hast hearkened to the voice of thy wife , And eaten of the tree , concerning which I charged thee , saying , Thou shalt not eat thereof : Cursed is the ground for thy sake ; thou in sorrow Shalt eat thereof , all the days of thy life ; Thorns also and thistles it shall bring thee forth Unbid ; and thou shalt eat the herb of the field ; In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread , Till thou return unto the ground ; for thou Out of the ground wast taken , know thy birth , For dust thou art , and shalt to dust return .
But , lest the difficulty of passing back Stay his return perhaps over this gulf Impassable , impervious ; let us try Adventurous work , yet to thy power and mine Not unagreeable , to found a path Over this main from Hell to that new world , Where Satan now prevails ; a monument Of merit high to all the infernal host , Easing their passage hence , for intercourse , Or transmigration , as their lot shall lead .
Go , whither Fate , and inclination strong , Leads thee ; I shall not lag behind , nor err The way , thou leading ; such a scent I draw Of carnage , prey innumerable , and taste The savour of death from all things there that live : Nor shall I to the work thou enterprisest Be wanting , but afford thee equal aid .
True is , me also he hath judged , or rather Me not , but the brute serpent in whose shape Man I deceived : that which to me belongs , Is enmity which he will put between Me and mankind ; I am to bruise his heel ; His seed , when is not set , shall bruise my head : A world who would not purchase with a bruise , Or much more grievous pain ?-- Ye have the account Of my performance : What remains , ye Gods , But up , and enter now into full bliss ?
Then Heaven and Earth renewed shall be made pure To sanctity , that shall receive no stain : Till then , the curse pronounced on both precedes .
Next , to the Son , Destined Restorer of mankind , by whom New Heaven and Earth shall to the ages rise , Or down from Heaven descend .-- Such was their song ; While the Creator , calling forth by name His mighty Angels , gave them several charge , As sorted best with present things .
hide me from the face Of God , whom to behold was then my highth Of happiness !-- Yet well , if here would end The misery ; I deserved it , and would bear My own deservings ; but this will not serve : All that I eat or drink , or shall beget , Is propagated curse .
but his thanks Shall be the execration : so , besides Mine own that bide upon me , all from me Shall with a fierce reflux on me rebound ; On me , as on their natural center , light Heavy , though in their place .
Yet one doubt Pursues me still , lest all I cannot die ; Lest that pure breath of life , the spirit of Man Which God inspired , cannot together perish With this corporeal clod ; then , in the grave , Or in some other dismal place , who knows But I shall die a living death ?
The body properly had neither , All of me then shall die : let this appease The doubt , since human reach no further knows .
Shall Truth fail to keep her word , Justice Divine not hasten to be just ?
This mischief had not been befallen , And more that shall befall ; innumerable Disturbances on earth through female snares , And strait conjunction with this sex : for either He never shall find out fit mate , but such As some misfortune brings him , or mistake ; Or whom he wishes most shall seldom gain Through her perverseness , but shall see her gained By a far worse ; or , if she love , withheld By parents ; or his happiest choice too late Shall meet , already linked and wedlock - bound To a fell adversary , his hate or shame : Which infinite calamity shall cause To human life , and houshold peace confound .
Thy suppliant I beg , and clasp thy knees ; bereave me not , Whereon I live , thy gentle looks , thy aid , Thy counsel , in this uttermost distress , My only strength and stay : Forlorn of thee , Whither shall I betake me , where subsist ?
Childless thou art , childless remain : so Death Shall be deceived his glut , and with us two Be forced to satisfy his ravenous maw .
Or if thou covet death , as utmost end Of misery , so thinking to evade The penalty pronounced ; doubt not but God Hath wiselier armed his vengeful ire , than so To be forestalled ; much more I fear lest death , So snatched , will not exempt us from the pain We are by doom to pay ; rather , such acts Of contumacy will provoke the Highest To make death in us live : Then let us seek Some safer resolution , which methinks I have in view , calling to mind with heed Part of our sentence , that thy seed shall bruise The Serpent ' s head ; piteous amends !
which will be lost By death brought on ourselves , or childless days Resolved , as thou proposest ; so our foe Shal ' scape his punishment ordained , and we Instead shall double ours upon our heads .
Now therefore , bend thine ear To supplication ; hear his sighs , though mute ; Unskilful with what words to pray , let me Interpret for him ; me , his advocate And propitiation ; all his works on me , Good , or not good , ingraft ; my merit those Shall perfect , and for these my death shall pay .
Accept me ; and , in me , from these receive The smell of peace toward mankind : let him live Before thee reconciled , at least his days Numbered , though sad ; till death , his doom , ( which I To mitigate thus plead , not to reverse ,) To better life shall yield him : where with me All my redeemed may dwell in joy and bliss ; Made one with me , as I with thee am one .
If patiently thy bidding they obey , Dismiss them not disconsolate ; reveal To Adam what shall come in future days , As I shall thee enlighten ; intermix My covenant in the Woman ' s seed renewed ; So send them forth , though sorrowing , yet in peace : And on the east side of the garden place , Where entrance up from Eden easiest climbs , Cherubick watch ; and of a sword the flame Wide - waving ; all approach far off to fright , And guard all passage to the tree of life : Lest Paradise a receptacle prove To Spirits foul , and all my trees their prey ; With whose stolen fruit Man once more to delude .
For since I sought By prayer the offended Deity to appease ; Kneeled , and before him humbled all my heart ; Methought I saw him placable and mild , Bending his ear ; persuasion in me grew That I was heard with favour ; peace returned Home to my breast , and to my memory His promise , that thy seed shall bruise our foe ; Which , then not minded in dismay , yet now Assures me that the bitterness of death Is past , and we shall live .
Who now shall rear ye to the sun , or rank Your tribes , and water from the ambrosial fount ?
from thee How shall I part , and whither wander down Into a lower world ; to this obscure And wild ?
how shall we breathe in other air Less pure , accustomed to immortal fruits ?
This most afflicts me , that , departing hence , As from his face I shall be hid , deprived His blessed countenance : Here I could frequent With worship place by place where he vouchsafed Presence Divine ; and to my sons relate , ' On this mount he appeared ; under this tree ' Stood visible ; among these pines his voice ' I heard ; here with him at this fountain talked : So many grateful altars I would rear Of grassy turf , and pile up every stone Of lustre from the brook , in memory , Or monument to ages ; and theron Offer sweet - smelling gums , and fruits , and flowers : In yonder nether world where shall I seek His bright appearances , or foot - step trace ?
Which that thou mayest believe , and be confirmed Ere thou from hence depart ; know , I am sent To show thee what shall come in future days To thee , and to thy offspring : good with bad Expect to hear ; supernal grace contending With sinfulness of men ; thereby to learn True patience , and to temper joy with fear And pious sorrow ; equally inured By moderation either state to bear , Prosperous or adverse : so shalt thou lead Safest thy life , and best prepared endure Thy mortal passage when it comes .-- Ascend This hill ; let Eve ( for I have drenched her eyes ) Here sleep below ; while thou to foresight wakest ; As once thou sleptst , while she to life was formed .
Some , as thou sawest , by violent stroke shall die ; By fire , flood , famine , by intemperance more In meats and drinks , which on the earth shall bring Diseases dire , of which a monstrous crew Before thee shall appear ; that thou mayest know What misery the inabstinence of Eve Shall bring on Men .
Those tents thou sawest so pleasant , were the tents Of wickedness , wherein shall dwell his race Who slew his brother ; studious they appear Of arts that polish life , inventers rare ; Unmindful of their Maker , though his Spirit Taught them ; but they his gifts acknowledged none .
Yet they a beauteous offspring shall beget ; For that fair female troop thou sawest , that seemed Of Goddesses , so blithe , so smooth , so gay , Yet empty of all good wherein consists Woman ' s domestick honour and chief praise ; Bred only and completed to the taste Of lustful appetence , to sing , to dance , To dress , and troll the tongue , and roll the eye : To these that sober race of men , whose lives Religious titled them the sons of God , Shall yield up all their virtue , all their fame Ignobly , to the trains and to the smiles Of these fair atheists ; and now swim in joy , Erelong to swim at large ; and laugh , for which The world erelong a world of tears must weep .
Such were these giants , men of high renown ; For in those days might only shall be admired , And valour and heroick virtue called ; To overcome in battle , and subdue Nations , and bring home spoils with infinite Man - slaughter , shall be held the highest pitch Of human glory ; and for glory done Of triumph , to be styled great conquerours Patrons of mankind , Gods , and sons of Gods ; Destroyers rightlier called , and plagues of men .
Thus fame shall be achieved , renown on earth ; And what most merits fame , in silence hid .
Let no man seek Henceforth to be foretold , what shall befall Him or his children ; evil he may be sure , Which neither his foreknowing can prevent ; And he the future evil shall no less In apprehension than in substance feel , Grievous to bear : but that care now is past , Man is not whom to warn : those few escaped Famine and anguish will at last consume , Wandering that watery desart : I had hope , When violence was ceased , and war on earth , All would have then gone well ; peace would have crowned With length of happy days the race of Man ; But I was far deceived ; for now I see Peace to corrupt no less than war to waste .
Those , whom last thou sawest In triumph and luxurious wealth , are they First seen in acts of prowess eminent And great exploits , but of true virtue void ; Who , having spilt much blood , and done much wast Subduing nations , and achieved thereby Fame in the world , high titles , and rich prey ; Shall change their course to pleasure , ease , and sloth , Surfeit , and lust ; till wantonness and pride Raise out of friendship hostile deeds in peace .
The conquered also , and enslaved by war , Shall , with their freedom lost , all virtue lose And fear of God ; from whom their piety feigned In sharp contest of battle found no aid Against invaders ; therefore , cooled in zeal , Thenceforth shall practice how to live secure , Worldly or dissolute , on what their lords Shall leave them to enjoy ; for the earth shall bear More than enough , that temperance may be tried : So all shall turn degenerate , all depraved ; Justice and temperance , truth and faith , forgot ; One man except , the only son of light In a dark age , against example good , Against allurement , custom , and a world Offended : fearless of reproach and scorn , The grand - child , with twelve sons encreased , departs From Canaan , to a land hereafter called Egypt , divided by the river Nile ; See where it flows , disgorging at seven mouths Into the sea : To sojourn in that land He comes , invited by a younger son In time of dearth ; a son , whose worthy deeds Raise him to be the second in that realm Of Pharaoh : There he dies , and leaves his race Growing into a nation , and now grown Suspected to a sequent king , who seeks To stop their overgrowth , as inmate guests Or violence , he of their wicked ways Shall them admonish ; and before them set The paths of righteousness , how much more safe And full of peace ; denouncing wrath to come On their impenitence ; and shall return Of them derided , but of God observed The one just man alive ; by his command Shall build a wonderous ark , as thou beheldst , To save himself , and houshold , from amidst A world devote to universal wrack .
No sooner he , with them of man and beast Select for life , shall in the ark be lodged , And sheltered round ; but all the cataracts Of Heaven set open on the Earth shall pour Rain , day and night ; all fountains of the deep , Broke up , shall heave the ocean to usurp Beyond all bounds ; till inundation rise Above the highest hills : Then shall this mount Of Paradise by might of waves be moved Out of his place , pushed by the horned flood , With all his verdure spoiled , and trees adrift , Down the great river to the opening gulf , And there take root an island salt and bare , The haunt of seals , and orcs , and sea - mews ' clang : To teach thee that God attributes to place No sanctity , if none be thither brought By men who there frequent , or therein dwell .
And now , what further shall ensue , behold .
I revive At this last sight ; assured that Man shall live , With all the creatures , and their seed preserve .
Dextrously thou aimest ; So willingly doth God remit his ire , Though late repenting him of Man depraved ; Grieved at his heart , when looking down he saw The whole earth filled with violence , and all flesh Corrupting each their way ; yet , those removed , Such grace shall one just man find in his sight , That he relents , not to blot out mankind ; And makes a covenant never to destroy The earth again by flood ; nor let the sea Surpass his bounds ; nor rain to drown the world , With man therein or beast ; but , when he brings Over the earth a cloud , will therein set His triple - coloured bow , whereon to look , And call to mind his covenant : Day and night , Seed - time and harvest , heat and hoary frost , Shall hold their course ; till fire purge all things new , Both Heaven and Earth , wherein the just shall dwell .
This second source of Men , while yet but few , And while the dread of judgement past remains Fresh in their minds , fearing the Deity , With some regard to what is just and right Shall lead their lives , and multiply apace ; Labouring the soil , and reaping plenteous crop , Corn , wine , and oil ; and , from the herd or flock , Oft sacrificing bullock , lamb , or kid , With large wine - offerings poured , and sacred feast , Shall spend their days in joy unblamed ; and dwell Long time in peace , by families and tribes , Under paternal rule : till one shall rise Of proud ambitious heart ; who , not content With fair equality , fraternal state , Will arrogate dominion undeserved Over his brethren , and quite dispossess Concord and law of nature from the earth ; Hunting ( and men not beasts shall be his game ) With war , and hostile snare , such as refuse Subjection to his empire tyrannous : A mighty hunter thence he shall be styled Before the Lord ; as in despite of Heaven , Or from Heaven , claiming second sovranty ; And from rebellion shall derive his name , Though of rebellion others he accuse .
He with a crew , whom like ambition joins With him or under him to tyrannize , Marching from Eden towards the west , shall find The plain , wherein a black bituminous gurge Boils out from under ground , the mouth of Hell : Of brick , and of that stuff , they cast to build A city and tower , whose top may reach to Heaven ; And get themselves a name ; lest , far dispersed In foreign lands , their memory be lost ; Regardless whether good or evil fame .
Yet him God the Most High vouchsafes To call by vision , from his father ' s house , His kindred , and false Gods , into a land Which he will show him ; and from him will raise A mighty nation ; and upon him shower His benediction so , that in his seed All nations shall be blest : he straight obeys ; Not knowing to what land , yet firm believes : I see him , but thou canst not , with what faith He leaves his Gods , his friends , and native soil , Ur of Chaldaea , passing now the ford To Haran ; after him a cumbrous train Of herds and flocks , and numerous servitude ; Not wandering poor , but trusting all his wealth With God , who called him , in a land unknown .
Canaan he now attains ; I see his tents Pitched about Sechem , and the neighbouring plain Of Moreh ; there by promise he receives Gift to his progeny of all that land , From Hameth northward to the Desart south ; ( Things by their names I call , though yet unnamed ;) From Hermon east to the great western Sea ; Mount Hermon , yonder sea ; each place behold In prospect , as I point them ; on the shore Mount Carmel ; here , the double - founted stream , Jordan , true limit eastward ; but his sons Shall dwell to Senir , that long ridge of hills .
This ponder , that all nations of the earth Shall in his seed be blessed : By that seed Is meant thy great Deliverer , who shall bruise The Serpent ' s head ; whereof to thee anon Plainlier shall be revealed .
This patriarch blest , Whom faithful Abraham due time shall call , A son , and of his son a grand - child , leaves ; Like him in faith , in wisdom , and renown : The grandchild , with twelve sons increased , departs From Canaan to a land hereafter called Egypt , divided by the river Nile See where it flows , disgorging at seven mouths Into the sea .
Thus with ten wounds The river - dragon tamed at length submits To let his sojourners depart , and oft Humbles his stubborn heart ; but still , as ice More hardened after thaw ; till , in his rage Pursuing whom he late dismissed , the sea Swallows him with his host ; but them lets pass , As on dry land , between two crystal walls ; Awed by the rod of Moses so to stand Divided , till his rescued gain their shore : Such wondrous power God to his saint will lend , Though present in his Angel ; who shall go Before them in a cloud , and pillar of fire ; By day a cloud , by night a pillar of fire ; To guide them in their journey , and remove Behind them , while the obdurate king pursues : All night he will pursue ; but his approach Darkness defends between till morning watch ; Then through the fiery pillar , and the cloud , God looking forth will trouble all his host , And craze their chariot - wheels : when by command Moses once more his potent rod extends Over the sea ; the sea his rod obeys ; On their embattled ranks the waves return , And overwhelm their war : The race elect Safe toward Canaan from the shore advance Through the wild Desart , not the readiest way ; Lest , entering on the Canaanite alarmed , War terrify them inexpert , and fear Return them back to Egypt , choosing rather Inglorious life with servitude ; for life To noble and ignoble is more sweet Untrained in arms , where rashness leads not on .
This also shall they gain by their delay In the wide wilderness ; there they shall found Their government , and their great senate choose Through the twelve tribes , to rule by laws ordained : God from the mount of Sinai , whose gray top Shall tremble , he descending , will himself In thunder , lightning , and loud trumpets ' sound , Ordain them laws ; part , such as appertain To civil justice ; part , religious rites Of sacrifice ; informing them , by types And shadows , of that destined Seed to bruise The Serpent , by what means he shall achieve Mankind ' s deliverance .
But the voice of God To mortal ear is dreadful : They beseech That Moses might report to them his will , And terrour cease ; he grants what they besought , Instructed that to God is no access Without Mediator , whose high office now Moses in figure bears ; to introduce One greater , of whose day he shall foretel , And all the Prophets in their age the times Of great Messiah shall sing .
Thus , laws and rites Established , such delight hath God in Men Obedient to his will , that he vouchsafes Among them to set up his tabernacle ; The Holy One with mortal Men to dwell : By his prescript a sanctuary is framed Of cedar , overlaid with gold ; therein An ark , and in the ark his testimony , The records of his covenant ; over these A mercy - seat of gold , between the wings Of two bright Cherubim ; before him burn Seven lamps as in a zodiack representing The heavenly fires ; over the tent a cloud Shall rest by day , a fiery gleam by night ; Save when they journey , and at length they come , Conducted by his Angel , to the land Promised to Abraham and his seed :-- The rest Were long to tell ; how many battles fought How many kings destroyed ; and kingdoms won ; Or how the sun shall in mid Heaven stand still A day entire , and night ' s due course adjourn , Man ' s voice commanding , ' Sun , in Gibeon stand , ' And thou moon in the vale of Aialon , ' Till Israel overcome !
so call the third From Abraham , son of Isaac ; and from him His whole descent , who thus shall Canaan win .
O sent from Heaven , Enlightener of my darkness , gracious things Thou hast revealed ; those chiefly , which concern Just Abraham and his seed : now first I find Mine eyes true - opening , and my heart much eased ; Erewhile perplexed with thoughts , what would become Of me and all mankind : But now I see His day , in whom all nations shall be blest ; Favour unmerited by me , who sought Forbidden knowledge by forbidden means .
And therefore shall not Moses , though of God Highly beloved , being but the minister Of law , his people into Canaan lead ; But Joshua , whom the Gentiles Jesus call , His name and office bearing , who shall quell The adversary - Serpent , and bring back Through the world ' s wilderness long - wandered Man Safe to eternal Paradise of rest .
Mean while they , in their earthly Canaan placed , Long time shall dwell and prosper , but when sins National interrupt their publick peace , Provoking God to raise them enemies ; From whom as oft he saves them penitent By Judges first , then under Kings ; of whom The second , both for piety renowned And puissant deeds , a promise shall receive Irrevocable , that his regal throne For ever shall endure ; the like shall sing All Prophecy , that of the royal stock Of David ( so I name this king ) shall rise A Son , the Woman ' s seed to thee foretold , Foretold to Abraham , as in whom shall trust All nations ; and to kings foretold , of kings The last ; for of his reign shall be no end .
But first , a long succession must ensue ; And his next son , for wealth and wisdom famed , The clouded ark of God , till then in tents Wandering , shall in a glorious temple enshrine .
Such follow him , as shall be registered Part good , part bad ; of bad the longer scroll ; Whose foul idolatries , and other faults Heaped to the popular sum , will so incense God , as to leave them , and expose their land , Their city , his temple , and his holy ark , With all his sacred things , a scorn and prey To that proud city , whose high walls thou sawest Left in confusion ; Babylon thence called .
A virgin is his mother , but his sire The power of the Most High : He shall ascend The throne hereditary , and bound his reign With Earth ' s wide bounds , his glory with the Heavens .
Needs must the Serpent now his capital bruise Expect with mortal pain : Say where and when Their fight , what stroke shall bruise the victor ' s heel .
Dream not of their fight , As of a duel , or the local wounds Of head or heel : Not therefore joins the Son Manhood to Godhead , with more strength to foil Thy enemy ; nor so is overcome Satan , whose fall from Heaven , a deadlier bruise , Disabled , not to give thee thy death ' s wound : Which he , who comes thy Saviour , shall recure , Not by destroying Satan , but his works In thee , and in thy seed : Nor can this be , But by fulfilling that which thou didst want , Obedience to the law of God , imposed On penalty of death , and suffering death ; The penalty to thy transgression due , And due to theirs which out of thine will grow : So only can high Justice rest appaid .
The law of God exact he shall fulfil Both by obedience and by love , though love Alone fulfil the law ; thy punishment He shall endure , by coming in the flesh To a reproachful life , and cursed death ; Proclaiming life to all who shall believe In his redemption ; and that his obedience , Imputed , becomes theirs by faith ; his merits To save them , not their own , though legal , works .
For this he shall live hated , be blasphemed , Seised on by force , judged , and to death condemned A shameful and accursed , nailed to the cross By his own nation ; slain for bringing life : But to the cross he nails thy enemies , The law that is against thee , and the sins Of all mankind , with him there crucified , Never to hurt them more who rightly trust In this his satisfaction ; so he dies , But soon revives ; Death over him no power Shall long usurp ; ere the third dawning light Return , the stars of morn shall see him rise Out of his grave , fresh as the dawning light , Thy ransom paid , which Man from death redeems , His death for Man , as many as offered life Neglect not , and the benefit embrace By faith not void of works : This God - like act Annuls thy doom , the death thou shouldest have died , In sin for ever lost from life ; this act Shall bruise the head of Satan , crush his strength , Defeating Sin and Death , his two main arms ; And fix far deeper in his head their stings Than temporal death shall bruise the victor ' s heel , Or theirs whom he redeems ; a death , like sleep , A gentle wafting to immortal life .
Nor after resurrection shall he stay Longer on earth , than certain times to appear To his disciples , men who in his life Still followed him ; to them shall leave in charge To teach all nations what of him they learned And his salvation ; them who shall believe Baptizing in the profluent stream , the sign Of washing them from guilt of sin to life Pure , and in mind prepared , if so befall , For death , like that which the Redeemer died .
All nations they shall teach ; for , from that day , Not only to the sons of Abraham ' s loins Salvation shall be preached , but to the sons Of Abraham ' s faith wherever through the world ; So in his seed all nations shall be blest .
Then to the Heaven of Heavens he shall ascend With victory , triumphing through the air Over his foes and thine ; there shall surprise The Serpent , prince of air , and drag in chains Through all his realm , and there confounded leave ; Then enter into glory , and resume His seat at God ' s right hand , exalted high Above all names in Heaven ; and thence shall come , When this world ' s dissolution shall be ripe , With glory and power to judge both quick and dead ; To judge the unfaithful dead , but to reward His faithful , and receive them into bliss , Whether in Heaven or Earth ; for then the Earth Shall all be Paradise , far happier place Than this of Eden , and far happier days .
That all this good of evil shall produce , And evil turn to good ; more wonderful Than that which by creation first brought forth Light out of darkness !
Full of doubt I stand , Whether I should repent me now of sin By me done , and occasioned ; or rejoice Much more , that much more good thereof shall spring ; To God more glory , more good - will to Men From God , and over wrath grace shall abound .
Who then shall guide His people , who defend ?
Be sure they will , said the Angel ; but from Heaven He to his own a Comforter will send , The promise of the Father , who shall dwell His Spirit within them ; and the law of faith , Working through love , upon their hearts shall write , To guide them in all truth ; and also arm With spiritual armour , able to resist Satan ' s assaults , and quench his fiery darts ; What man can do against them , not afraid , Though to the death ; against such cruelties With inward consolations recompensed , And oft supported so as shall amaze Their proudest persecutors : For the Spirit , Poured first on his Apostles , whom he sends To evangelize the nations , then on all Baptized , shall them with wonderous gifts endue To speak all tongues , and do all miracles , As did their Lord before them .
Thus they win Great numbers of each nation to receive With joy the tidings brought from Heaven : At length Their ministry performed , and race well run , Their doctrine and their story written left , They die ; but in their room , as they forewarn , Wolves shall succeed for teachers , grievous wolves , Who all the sacred mysteries of Heaven To their own vile advantages shall turn Of lucre and ambition ; and the truth With superstitions and traditions taint , Left only in those written records pure , Though not but by the Spirit understood .
Then shall they seek to avail themselves of names , Places , and titles , and with these to join Secular power ; though feigning still to act By spiritual , to themselves appropriating The Spirit of God , promised alike and given To all believers ; and , from that pretence , Spiritual laws by carnal power shall force On every conscience ; laws which none shall find Left them inrolled , or what the Spirit within Shall on the heart engrave .
yet many will presume : Whence heavy persecution shall arise On all , who in the worship persevere Of spirit and truth ; the rest , far greater part , Will deem in outward rites and specious forms Religion satisfied ; Truth shall retire Bestuck with slanderous darts , and works of faith Rarely be found : So shall the world go on , To good malignant , to bad men benign ; Under her own weight groaning ; till the day Appear of respiration to the just , And vengeance to the wicked , at return Of him so lately promised to thy aid , The Woman ' s Seed ; obscurely then foretold , Now ampler known thy Saviour and thy Lord ; Last , in the clouds , from Heaven to be revealed In glory of the Father , to dissolve Satan with his perverted world ; then raise From the conflagrant mass , purged and refined , New Heavens , new Earth , ages of endless date , Founded in righteousness , and peace , and love ; To bring forth fruits , joy and eternal bliss .
Greatly - instructed I shall hence depart ; Greatly in peace of thought ; and have my fill Of knowledge , what this vessel can contain ; Beyond which was my folly to aspire .
This further consolation yet secure I carry hence ; though all by me is lost , Such favour I unworthy am vouchsafed , By me the Promised Seed shall all restore .
I shall remember , When Caesar sayes , Do this ; it is perform ' d
That you do loue me , I am nothing iealous : What you would worke me too , I haue some ayme : How I haue thought of this , and of these times I shall recount heereafter .
I will this Night , In seuerall Hands , in at his Windowes throw , As if they came from seuerall Citizens , Writings , all tending to the great opinion That Rome holds of his Name : wherein obscurely Caesars Ambition shall be glanced at .
You looke pale , and gaze , and put on feare , And cast your selfe in wonder , To see the strange impatience of the Heauens : But if you would consider the true cause , Why all these Fires , why all these gliding Ghosts , Why Birds and Beasts , from qualitie and kinde , Why Old men , Fooles , and Children calculate , Why all these things change from their Ordinance , Their Natures , and pre - formed Faculties , To monstrous qualitie ; why you shall finde , That Heauen hath infus ' d them with these Spirits , To make them Instruments of feare , and warning , Vnto some monstrous State .
Indeed , they say , the Senators to morrow Meane to establish Caesar as a King : And he shall weare his Crowne by Sea , and Land , In euery place , saue here in Italy
Good Cinna , take this Paper , And looke you lay it in the Pretors Chayre , Where Brutus may but finde it : and throw this In at his Window ; set this vp with Waxe Vpon old Brutus Statue : all this done , Repaire to Pompeyes Porch , where you shall finde vs . Is Decius Brutus and Trebonius there ?
Brutus thou sleep ' st ; awake , and see thy selfe : Shall Rome , & c . speake , strike , redresse .
Such instigations haue beene often dropt , Where I haue tooke them vp : Shall Rome , & c . Thus must I piece it out : Shall Rome stand vnder one mans awe ?
Shall I entreat a word ?
You shall confesse , that you are both deceiu ' d : Heere , as I point my Sword , the Sunne arises , Which is a great way growing on the South , Weighing the youthfull Season of the yeare .
And what other Oath , Then Honesty to Honesty ingag ' d , That this shall be , or we will fall for it .
Shall we sound him ?
O let vs haue him , for his Siluer haires Will purchase vs a good opinion : And buy mens voyces , to commend our deeds : It shall be sayd , his iudgement rul ' d our hands , Our youths , and wildenesse , shall no whit appeare , But all be buried in his Grauity
Shall no man else be toucht , but onely Caesar ?
Decius well vrg ' d : I thinke it is not meet , Marke Antony , so well belou ' d of Caesar , Should out - liue Caesar , we shall finde of him A shrew ' d Contriuer .
This shall make Our purpose Necessary , and not Enuious .
Which so appearing to the common eyes , We shall be call ' d Purgers , not Murderers .
Harke , harke , one knockes : Portia go in a while , And by and by thy bosome shall partake The secrets of my Heart .
What it is my Caius , I shall vnfold to thee , as we are going , To whom it must be done
You shall not stirre out of your house to day
Caes Caesar shall forth ; the things that threaten ' d me , Ne ' re look ' d but on my backe : When they shall see The face of Caesar , they are vanished
Yet Caesar shall go forth : for these Predictions Are to the world in generall , as to Caesar
Caes The Gods do this in shame of Cowardice : Caesar should be a Beast without a heart If he should stay at home to day for feare : No Caesar shall not ; Danger knowes full well That Caesar is more dangerous then he .
We heare two Lyons litter ' d in one day , And I the elder and more terrible , And Caesar shall go foorth
Wee ' l send Mark Antony to the Senate house , And he shall say , you are not well to day : Let me vpon my knee , preuaile in this
Caes Mark Antony shall say I am not well , And for thy humor , I will stay at home .
Heere ' s Decius Brutus , he shall tell them so
Caes Shall Caesar send a Lye ?
This Dreame is all amisse interpreted , It was a vision , faire and fortunate : Your Statue spouting blood in many pipes , In which so many smiling Romans bath ' d , Signifies , that from you great Rome shall sucke Reuiuing blood , and that great men shall presse For Tinctures , Staines , Reliques , and Cognisance .
If you shall send them word you will not come , Their mindes may change .
Besides , it were a mocke Apt to be render ' d , for some one to say , Breake vp the Senate , till another time : When Caesars wife shall meete with better Dreames .
If Caesar hide himselfe , shall they not whisper Loe Caesar is affraid ?
Caesar I will : and so neere will I be , That your best Friends shall wish I had beene further
That I haue Lady , if it will please Caesar To be so good to Caesar , as to heare me : I shall beseech him to befriend himselfe
Caes What touches vs our selfe , shall be last seru ' d
Brutus what shall be done ?
If this be knowne , Cassius or Caesar neuer shall turne backe , For I will slay my selfe
Fates , we will know your pleasures : That we shall dye we know , ' tis but the time And drawing dayes out , that men stand vpon
Stoop then , and wash . How many Ages hence Shall this our lofty Scene be acted ouer , In State vnborne , and Accents yet vnknowne ?
How many times shall Caesar bleed in sport , That now on Pompeyes Basis lye along , No worthier then the dust ?
So oft as that shall be , So often shall the knot of vs be call ' d , The Men that gaue their Country liberty
Dec . What , shall we forth ?
Brutus shall leade , and we will grace his heeles With the most boldest , and best hearts of Rome .
If Brutus will vouchsafe , that Antony May safely come to him , and be resolu ' d How Caesar hath deseru ' d to lye in death , Mark Antony , shall not loue Caesar dead So well as Brutus liuing ; but will follow The Fortunes and Affayres of Noble Brutus , Thorough the hazards of this vntrod State , With all true Faith .
Thy Master is a Wise and Valiant Romane , I neuer thought him worse : Tell him , so please him come vnto this place He shall be satisfied : and by my Honor Depart vntouch ' d
I know that we shall haue him well to Friend
Liue a thousand yeeres , I shall not finde my selfe so apt to dye .
Your voyce shall be as strong as any mans , In the disposing of new Dignities
Gentlemen all : Alas , what shall I say , My credit now stands on such slippery ground , That one of two bad wayes you must conceit me , Either a Coward , or a Flatterer .
That I did loue thee Caesar , O ' tis true : If then thy Spirit looke vpon vs now , Shall it not greeue thee deerer then thy death , To see thy Antony making his peace , Shaking the bloody fingers of thy Foes ?
Pardon me Caius Cassius : The Enemies of Caesar , shall say this : Then , in a Friend , it is cold Modestie
Will you be prick ' d in number of our Friends , Or shall we on , and not depend on you ?
Friends am I with you all , and loue you all , Vpon this hope , that you shall giue me Reasons , Why , and wherein , Caesar was dangerous
You shall Marke Antony
What Antony shall speake , I will protest He speakes by leaue , and by permission : And that we are contented Caesar shall Haue all true Rites , and lawfull Ceremonies , It shall aduantage more , then do vs wrong
Mark Antony , heere take you Caesars body : You shall not in your Funerall speech blame vs , But speake all good you can deuise of Caesar , And say you doo ' t by our permission : Else shall you not haue any hand at all About his Funerall .
And you shall speake In the same Pulpit whereto I am going , After my speech is ended
Ouer thy wounds , now do I Prophesie , ( Which like dumbe mouthes do ope their Ruby lips , To begge the voyce and vtterance of my Tongue ) A Curse shall light vpon the limbes of men ; Domesticke Fury , and fierce Ciuill strife , Shall cumber all the parts of Italy : Blood and destruction shall be so in vse , And dreadfull Obiects so familiar , That Mothers shall but smile , when they behold Their Infants quartered with the hands of Warre : All pitty choak ' d with custome of fell deeds , And Caesars Spirit ranging for Reuenge , With Ate by his side , come hot from Hell , Shall in these Confines , with a Monarkes voyce , Cry hauocke , and let slip the Dogges of Warre , That this foule deede , shall smell aboue the earth With Carrion men , groaning for Buriall .
Yet stay a - while , Thou shalt not backe , till I haue borne this course Into the Market place : There shall I try In my Oration , how the People take The cruell issue of these bloody men , According to the which , thou shalt discourse To yong Octauius , of the state of things .
Cassius go you into the other streete , And part the Numbers : Those that will heare me speake , let ' em stay heere ; Those that will follow Cassius , go with him , And publike Reasons shall be rendred Of Caesars death
I haue done no more to Caesar , then you shall do to Brutus .
Heere comes his Body , mourn ' d by Marke Antony , who though he had no hand in his death , shall receiue the benefit of his dying , a place in the Co [ m ] monwealth , as which of you shall not .
With this I depart , that as I slewe my best Louer for the good of Rome , I haue the same Dagger for my selfe , when it shall please my Country to need my death
Caesars better parts , Shall be Crown ' d in Brutus
4 Read the Will , wee ' l heare it Antony : You shall reade vs the Will , Caesars Will
You will compell me then to read the Will : Then make a Ring about the Corpes of Caesar , And let me shew you him that made the Will : Shall I descend ?
3 You shall haue leaue
These many then shall die , their names are prickt Octa .
Vpon condition Publius shall not liue , Who is your Sisters sonne , Marke Antony
He shall not liue ; looke , with a spot I dam him .
But Lepidus , go you to Caesars house : Fetch the Will hither , and we shall determine How to cut off some charge in Legacies
shall I finde you heere ?
Octauius , I haue seene more dayes then you , And though we lay these Honours on this man , To ease our selues of diuers sland ' rous loads , He shall but beare them , as the Asse beares Gold , To groane and swet vnder the Businesse , Either led or driuen , as we point the way : And hauing brought our Treasure , where we will , Then take we downe his Load , and turne him off ( Like to the empty Asse ) to shake his eares , And graze in Commons
Your Master Pindarus In his owne change , or by ill Officers , Hath giuen me some worthy cause to wish Things done , vndone : But if he be at hand I shall be satisfied
Shall one of Vs , That strucke the Formost man of all this World , But for supporting Robbers : shall we now , Contaminate our fingers , with base Bribes ?
Vrge me no more , I shall forget my selfe : Haue minde vpon your health : Tempt me no farther
Shall I be frighted , when a Madman stares ?
By the Gods , You shall digest the Venom of your Spleene Though it do Split you .
You say , you are a better Souldier : Let it appeare so ; make your vaunting true , And it shall please me well .
For mine owne part , I shall be glad to learne of Noble men
Do not presume too much vpon my Loue , I may do that I shall be sorry for
Sheath your Dagger : Be angry when you will , it shall haue scope : Do what you will , Dishonor , shall be Humour .
You shall not come to them
Nothing but death shall stay me
This it is : ' Tis better that the Enemie seeke vs , So shall he waste his meanes , weary his Souldiers , Doing himselfe offence , whil ' st we lying still , Are full of rest , defence , and nimblenesse
The Enemy , marching along by them , By them shall make a fuller number vp , Come on refresht , new added , and encourag ' d : From which aduantage shall we cut him off .
I pray you sirs , lye in my Tent and sleepe , It may be I shall raise you by and by On businesse to my Brother Cassius
I will it not haue it so : Lye downe good sirs , It may be I shall otherwise bethinke me .
Well : then I shall see thee againe ?
It shall be done my Lord .
Mark Antony , shall we giue signe of Battaile ?
If we do lose this Battaile , then is this The very last time we shall speake together : What are you then determined to do ?
And whether we shall meete againe , I know not : Therefore our euerlasting farewell take : For euer , and for euer , farewell Cassius , If we do meete againe , why we shall smile ; If not , why then this parting was well made
This day I breathed first , Time is come round , And where I did begin , there shall I end , My life is run his compasse .
O Cassius , Farre from this Country Pindarus shall run , Where neuer Roman shall take note of him .
Seeke him Titinius , whilst I go to meet The Noble Brutus , thrusting this report Into his eares ; I may say thrusting it : For piercing Steele , and Darts inuenomed , Shall be as welcome to the eares of Brutus , As tydings of this sight
Friends I owe mo teares To this dead man , then you shall see me pay .
I shall finde time , Cassius : I shall finde time .
Come therefore , and to Tharsus send his body , His Funerals shall not be in our Campe , Least it discomfort vs . Lucillius come , And come yong Cato , let vs to the Field , Labio and Flauio set our Battailes on : ' Tis three a clocke , and Romans yet ere night , We shall try Fortune in a second fight .
Safe Antony , Brutus is safe enough : I dare assure thee , that no Enemy Shall euer take aliue the Noble Brutus : The Gods defend him from so great a shame , When you do finde him , or aliue , or dead , He will be found like Brutus , like himselfe
Shall I doe such a deed ?
I shall haue glory by this loosing day More then Octauius , and Marke Antony , By this vile Conquest shall attaine vnto .
Within my Tent his bones to night shall ly , Most like a Souldier ordered Honourably : So call the Field to rest , and let ' s away , To part the glories of this happy day .
Shall I strike at it with my Partizan ?
For vpon my life , This Spirit dumbe to vs , will speake to him : Do you consent we shall acquaint him with it , As needfull in our Loues , fitting our Duty ?
Let do ' t I pray , and I this morning know Where we shall finde him most conueniently .
What would ' st thou beg Laertes , That shall not be my Offer , not thy Asking ?
I shall in all my best Obey you Madam
Madam come , This gentle and vnforc ' d accord of Hamlet Sits smiling to my heart ; in grace whereof , No iocond health that Denmarke drinkes to day , But the great Cannon to the Clowds shall tell , And the Kings Rouce , the Heauens shall bruite againe , Respeaking earthly Thunder .
I would not haue your Enemy say so ; Nor shall you doe mine eare that violence , To make it truster of your owne report Against your selfe .
He was a man , take him for all in all : I shall not look vpon his like againe
I pray you all , If you haue hitherto conceald this sight ; Let it bee treble in your silence still : And whatsoeuer els shall hap to night , Giue it an vnderstanding but no tongue ; I will requite your loues ; so fare ye well : Vpon the Platforme twixt eleuen and twelue , Ile visit you
I shall th ' effect of this good Lesson keepe , As watchmen to my heart : but good my Brother Doe not as some vngracious Pastors doe , Shew me the steepe and thorny way to Heauen ; Whilst like a puft and recklesse Libertine Himselfe , the Primrose path of dalliance treads , And reaks not his owne reade
Tis in my memory lockt , And you your selfe shall keepe the key of it
I shall obey my Lord .
You shall not goe my Lord
Be rul ' d , you shall not goe
Pitty me not , but lend thy serious hearing To what I shall vnfold
And shall I couple Hell ?
Yea , from the Table of my Memory , Ile wipe away all triuiall fond Records , All sawes of Bookes , all formes , all presures past , That youth and obseruation coppied there ; And thy Commandment all alone shall liue Within the Booke and Volume of my Braine , Vnmixt with baser matter ; yes yes , by Heauen : Oh most pernicious woman !
Why right , you are i ' th ' right ; And so , without more circumstance at all , I hold it fit that we shake hands , and part : You , as your busines and desires shall point you : For euery man ha ' s businesse and desire , Such as it is : and for mine owne poore part , Looke you , Ile goe pray
But come , Here as before , neuer so helpe you mercy , How strange or odde so ere I beare my selfe ; ( As I perchance heereafter shall thinke meet To put an Anticke disposition on :) That you at such time seeing me , neuer shall With Armes encombred thus , or thus , head shake ; Or by pronouncing of some doubtfull Phrase ; As well , we know , or we could and if we would , Or if we list to speake ; or there be and if there might , Or such ambiguous giuing out to note , That you know ought of me ; this not to doe : So grace and mercy at your most neede helpe you : Sweare
Rest , rest perturbed Spirit : so Gentlemen , With all my loue I doe commend me to you ; And what so poore a man as Hamlet is , May doe t ' expresse his loue and friending to you , God willing shall not lacke : let vs goe in together , And still your fingers on your lippes I pray , The time is out of ioynt : Oh cursed spight , That euer I was borne to set it right .
You shall doe maruels wisely : good Reynoldo , Before you visite him you make inquiry Of his behauiour
See you now ; Your bait of falshood , takes this Cape of truth ; And thus doe we of wisedome and of reach With windlesses , and with assaies of Bias , By indirections finde directions out : So by my former Lecture and aduice Shall you my Sonne ; you haue me , haue you not ?
I shall my Lord
If it will please you To shew vs so much Gentrie , and good will , As to expend your time with vs a - while , For the supply and profit of our Hope , Your Visitation shall receiue such thankes As fits a Kings remembrance
Giue first admittance to th ' Ambassadors , My Newes shall be the Newes to that great Feast
Well , we shall sift him .
That ' s an ill Phrase , a vilde Phrase , beautified is a vilde Phrase : but you shall heare these in her excellent white bosome , these
Then are our Beggers bodies ; and our Monarchs and out - stretcht Heroes the Beggers Shadowes : shall wee to th ' Court : for , by my fey I cannot reason ?
I will tell you why ; so shall my anticipation preuent your discouery of your secricie to the King and Queene : moult no feather , I haue of late , but wherefore I know not , lost all my mirth , forgone all custome of exercise ; and indeed , it goes so heauenly with my disposition ; that this goodly frame the Earth , seemes to me a sterrill Promontory ; this most excellent Canopy the Ayre , look you , this braue ore - hanging , this Maiesticall Roofe , fretted with golden fire : why , it appeares no other thing to mee , then a foule and pestilent congregation of vapours .
To thinke , my Lord , if you delight not in Man , what Lenton entertainment the Players shall receiue from you : wee coated them on the way , and hither are they comming to offer you Seruice
He that playes the King shall be welcome ; his Maiesty shall haue Tribute of mee : the aduenturous Knight shal vse his Foyle and Target : the Louer shall not sigh gratis , the humorous man shall end his part in peace : the Clowne shall make those laugh whose lungs are tickled a ' th ' sere : and the Lady shall say her minde freely ; or the blanke Verse shall halt for ' t : what Players are they ?
It shall to ' th Barbars , with your beard .
We shall my Lord .
I shall obey you , And for your part Ophelia , I do wish That your good Beauties be the happy cause Of Hamlets wildenesse : so shall I hope your Vertues Will bring him to his wonted way againe , To both your Honors
For vertue cannot so innocculate our old stocke , but we shall rellish of it .
Those that are married already , all but one shall liue , the rest shall keep as they are .
He shall with speed to England For the demand of our neglected Tribute : Haply the Seas and Countries different With variable Obiects , shall expell This something setled matter in his heart : Whereon his Braines still beating , puts him thus From fashion of himselfe .
It shall do well .
If she finde him not , To England send him : Or confine him where Your wisedome best shall thinke
It shall be so : Madnesse in great Ones , must not vnwatch ' d go .
Ladie , shall I lye in your Lap ?
Then there ' s hope , a great mans Memorie , may out - liue his life halfe a yeare : But byrlady he must builde Churches then : or else shall he suffer not thinking on , with the Hoby - horsse , whose Epitaph is , For o , For o , the Hoby - horse is forgot .
We shall know by these Fellowes : the Players cannot keepe counsell , they ' l tell all
The great man downe , you marke his fauourites flies , The poore aduanc ' d , makes Friends of Enemies : And hitherto doth Loue on Fortune tend , For who not needs , shall neuer lacke a Frend : And who in want a hollow Friend doth try , Directly seasons him his Enemie .
Tropically : This Play is the Image of a murder done in Vienna : Gonzago is the Dukes name , his wife Baptista : you shall see anon : ' tis a knauish peece of worke : But what o ' that ?
You shall see anon how the Murtherer gets the loue of Gonzago ' s wife
If it shall please you to make me a wholsome answer , I will doe your Mothers command ' ment : if not , your pardon , and my returne shall bee the end of my Businesse
We shall obey , were she ten times our Mother .
Therefore prepare you , I your Commission will forthwith dispatch , And he to England shall along with you : The termes of our estate , may not endure Hazard so dangerous as doth hourely grow Out of his Lunacies
Pray can I not , Though inclination be as sharpe as will : My stronger guilt , defeats my strong intent , And like a man to double businesse bound , I stand in pause where I shall first begin , And both neglect ; what if this cursed hand Were thicker then it selfe with Brothers blood , Is there not Raine enough in the sweet Heauens To wash it white as Snow ?
Come , come , and sit you downe , you shall not boudge : You go not till I set you vp a glasse , Where you may see the inmost part of you ?
Leaue wringing of your hands , peace , sit you downe , And let me wring your heart , for so I shall If it be made of penetrable stuffe ; If damned Custome haue not braz ' d it so , That it is proofe and bulwarke against Sense
Good night , but go not to mine Vnkles bed , Assume a Vertue , if you haue it not , refraine to night , And that shall lend a kinde of easinesse To the next abstinence .
What shall I do ?
This man shall set me packing : Ile lugge the Guts into the Neighbor roome , Mother goodnight .
Alas , how shall this bloody deede be answered ?
Oh Gertrude , come away : The Sun no sooner shall the Mountaines touch , But we will ship him hence , and this vilde deed , We must with all our Maiesty and Skill Both countenance , and excuse .
He keepes them like an Ape in the corner of his iaw , first mouth ' d to be last swallowed , when he needes what you haue glean ' d , it is but squeezing you , and Spundge you shall be dry againe
If your Messenger finde him not there , seeke him i ' th other place your selfe : but indeed , if you finde him not this moneth , you shall nose him as you go vp the staires into the Lobby
You know the Rendeuous : If that his Maiesty would ought with vs , We shall expresse our dutie in his eye , And let him know so
We must bee patient , but I cannot choose but weepe , to thinke they should lay him i ' th ' cold ground : My brother shall knowe of it , and so I thanke you for your good counsell .
Laertes shall be King , Caps , hands , and tongues , applaud it to the clouds , Laertes shall be King , Laertes King
Who shall stay you ?
My Will , not all the world , And for my meanes , Ile husband them so well , They shall go farre with little
That I am guiltlesse of your Fathers death , And am most sensible in greefe for it , It shall as leuell to your Iudgement pierce As day do ' s to your eye .
By Heauen , thy madnesse shall be payed by waight , Till our Scale turnes the beame .
Laertes , I must common with your greefe , Or you deny me right : go but apart , Make choice of whom your wisest Friends you will , And they shall heare and iudge ' twixt you and me ; If by direct or by Colaterall hand They finde vs touch ' d , we will our Kingdome giue , Our Crowne , our Life , and all that we call Ours To you in satisfaction .
But if not , Be you content to lend your patience to vs , And we shall ioyntly labour with your soule To giue it due content
So you shall : And where th ' offence is , let the great Axe fall .
Hee shall Sir , and ' t please him .
You shortly shall heare more , I lou ' d your Father , and we loue our Selfe , And that I hope will teach you to imagine - Enter a Messenger .
Laertes you shall heare them : Leaue vs .
High and Mighty , you shall know I am set naked on your Kingdome .
To morrow shall I begge leaue to see your Kingly Eyes .
When I shall ( first asking your Pardon thereunto ) recount th ' Occasions of my sodaine , and more strange returne .
I ' m lost in it my Lord ; but let him come , It warmes the very sicknesse in my heart , That I shall liue and tell him to his teeth ; Thus diddest thou
To thine owne peace : if he be now return ' d , As checking at his Voyage , and that he meanes No more to vndertake it ; I will worke him To an exployt now ripe in my Deuice , Vnder the which he shall not choose but fall ; And for his death no winde of blame shall breath , But euen his Mother shall vncharge the practice , And call it accident : Some two Monthes hence Here was a Gentleman of Normandy , I ' ue seene my selfe , and seru ' d against the French , And they ran well on Horsebacke ; but this Gallant Had witchcraft in ' t ; he grew into his Seat , And to such wondrous doing brought his Horse , As had he beene encorps ' t and demy - Natur ' d With the braue Beast , so farre he past my thought , That I in forgery of shapes and trickes , Come short of what he did
No place indeed should murder Sancturize ; Reuenge should haue no bounds : but good Laertes Will you doe this , keepe close within your Chamber , Hamlet return ' d , shall know you are come home : Wee ' l put on those shall praise your excellence , And set a double varnish on the fame The Frenchman gaue you , bring you in fine together , And wager on your heads , he being remisse , Most generous , and free from all contriuing , Will not peruse the Foiles ?
Why , because he was mad ; hee shall recouer his wits there ; or if he do not , it ' s no great matter there
I tell thee ( churlish Priest ) A Ministring Angell shall my Sister be , When thou liest howling ?
I pray you good Horatio wait vpon him , Strengthen your patience in our last nights speech , Wee ' l put the matter to the present push : Good Gertrude set some watch ouer your Sonne , This Graue shall haue a liuing Monument : An houre of quiet shortly shall we see ; Till then , in patience our proceeding be .
Thy state is the more gracious ; for ' tis a vice to know him : he hath much Land , and fertile ; let a Beast be Lord of Beasts , and his Crib shall stand at the Kings Messe ; ' tis a Chowgh ; but as I saw spacious in the possession of dirt
The King Sir , hath laid that in a dozen passes betweene you and him , hee shall not exceed you three hits ; He hath one twelue for mine , and that would come to imediate tryall , if your Lordship would vouchsafe the Answere
Shall I redeliuer you ee ' n so ?
I doe not thinke so , since he went into France , I haue beene in continuall practice ; I shall winne at the oddes : but thou wouldest not thinke how all heere about my heart : but it is no matter
Ile be your foile Laertes , in mine ignorance , Your Skill shall like a Starre i ' th ' darkest night , Sticke fiery off indeede
Our Sonne shall win
Oh good Horatio , what a wounded name , ( Things standing thus vnknowne ) shall liue behind me .
So shall you heare Of carnall , bloudie , and vnnaturall acts , Of accidentall iudgements , casuall slaughters Of death ' s put on by cunning , and forc ' d cause , And in this vpshot , purposes mistooke , Falne on the Inuentors head .
Of that I shall haue alwayes cause to speake , And from his mouth Whose voyce will draw on more : But let this same be presently perform ' d , Euen whiles mens mindes are wilde , Lest more mischance On plots , and errors happen
When shall we three meet againe ?
No more that Thane of Cawdor shall deceiue Our Bosome interest : Goe pronounce his present death , And with his former Title greet Macbeth
Ile dreyne him drie as Hay : Sleepe shall neyther Night nor Day Hang vpon his Pent - house Lid : He shall liue a man forbid : Wearie Seu ' nights , nine times nine , Shall he dwindle , peake , and pine : Though his Barke cannot be lost , Yet it shall be Tempest - tost .
Your Children shall be Kings
You shall be King
Doe you not hope your Children shall be Kings , When those that gaue the Thane of Cawdor to me , Promis ' d no lesse to them
Sonnes , Kinsmen , Thanes , And you whose places are the nearest , know , We will establish our Estate vpon Our eldest , Malcolme , whom we name hereafter , The Prince of Cumberland : which Honor must Not vnaccompanied , inuest him onely , But signes of Noblenesse , like Starres , shall shine On all deseruers .
O neuer , Shall Sunne that Morrow see .
He that ' s comming , Must be prouided for : and you shall put This Nights great Businesse into my dispatch , Which shall to all our Nights , and Dayes to come , Giue solely soueraigne sway , and Masterdome
Herein I teach you , How you shall bid God - eyld vs for your paines , And thanke vs for your trouble
Giue me your hand : Conduct me to mine Host we loue him highly , And shall continue , our Graces towards him .
Besides , this Duncane Hath borne his Faculties so meeke ; hath bin So cleere in his great Office , that his Vertues Will pleade like Angels , Trumpet - tongu ' d against The deepe damnation of his taking off : And Pitty , like a naked New - borne - Babe , Striding the blast , or Heauens Cherubin , hors ' d Vpon the sightlesse Curriors of the Ayre , Shall blow the horrid deed in euery eye , That teares shall drowne the winde .
But screw your courage to the sticking place , And wee ' le not fayle : when Duncan is asleepe , ( Whereto the rather shall his dayes hard Iourney Soundly inuite him ) his two Chamberlaines Will I with Wine , and Wassell , so conuince , That Memorie , the Warder of the Braine , Shall be a Fume , and the Receit of Reason A Lymbeck onely : when in Swinish sleepe , Their drenched Natures lyes as in a Death , What cannot you and I performe vpon Th ' vnguarded Duncan ?
who shall beare the guilt Of our great quell
Who dares receiue it other , As we shall make our Griefes and Clamor rore , Vpon his Death ?
If you shall cleaue to my consent , When ' tis , it shall make Honor for you
So I lose none , In seeking to augment it , but still keepe My Bosome franchis ' d , and Allegeance cleare , I shall be counsail ' d
Still it cry ' d , Sleepe no more to all the House : Glamis hath murther ' d Sleepe , and therefore Cawdor Shall sleepe no more : Macbeth shall sleepe no more
To Ireland , I : Our seperated fortune shall keepe vs both the safer : Where we are , there ' s Daggers in mens smiles ; The neere in blood , the neerer bloody
But of that to morrow , When therewithall , we shall haue cause of State , Crauing vs ioyntly .
We shall , my Lord , Performe what you command vs
So shall I Loue , and so I pray be you : Let your remembrance apply to Banquo , Present him Eminence , both with Eye and Tongue : Vnsafe the while , that wee must laue Our Honors in these flattering streames , And make our Faces Vizards to our Hearts , Disguising what they are
There ' s comfort yet , they are assaileable , Then be thou iocund : ere the Bat hath flowne His Cloyster ' d flight , ere to black Heccats summons The shard - borne Beetle , with his drowsie hums , Hath rung Nights yawning Peale , There shall be done a deed of dreadfull note
If much you note him You shall offend him , and extend his Passion , Feed , and regard him not .
If Charnell houses , and our Graues must send Those that we bury , backe ; our Monuments Shall be the Mawes of Kytes
What man dare , I dare : Approach thou like the rugged Russian Beare , The arm ' d Rhinoceros , or th ' Hircan Tiger , Take any shape but that , and my firme Nerues Shall neuer tremble .
More shall they speake : for now I am bent to know By the worst meanes , the worst , for mine owne good , All causes shall giue way .
Vpon the Corner of the Moone There hangs a vap ' rous drop , profound , Ile catch it ere it come to ground ; And that distill ' d by Magicke slights , Shall raise such Artificiall Sprights , As by the strength of their illusion , Shall draw him on to his Confusion .
He shall spurne Fate , scorne Death , and beare His hopes ' boue Wisedome , Grace , and Feare : And you all know , Security Is Mortals cheefest Enemie .
So that I say , He ha ' s borne all things well , and I do thinke , That had he Duncans Sonnes vnder his Key , ( As , and ' t please Heauen he shall not ) they should finde What ' twere to kill a Father : So should Fleans .
O well done : I commend your paines , And euery one shall share i ' th ' gaines : And now about the Cauldron sing Like Elues and Fairies in a Ring , Inchanting all that you put in .
Be bloody , bold , & resolute : Laugh to scorne The powre of man : For none of woman borne Shall harme Macbeth .
Be Lyon metled , proud , and take no care : Who chafes , who frets , or where Conspirers are : Macbeth shall neuer vanquish ' d be , vntill Great Byrnam Wood , to high Dunsmane Hill Shall come against him .
Sweet boadments , good : Rebellious dead , rise neuer till the Wood Of Byrnan rise , and our high plac ' d Macbeth Shall liue the Lease of Nature , pay his breath To time , and mortall Custome .
Yet my Hart Throbs to know one thing : Tell me , if your Art Can tell so much : Shall Banquo ' s issue euer Reigne in this Kingdome ?
From this moment , The very firstlings of my heart shall be The firstlings of my hand .
I take my leaue of you : Shall not be long but Ile be heere againe : Things at the worst will cease , or else climbe vpward , To what they were before .
What I beleeue , Ile waile ; What know , beleeue ; and what I can redresse , As I shall finde the time to friend : I wil .
But I shall craue your pardon : That which you are , my thoughts cannot transpose ; Angels are bright still , though the brightest fell .
I pray you , Let not my Iealousies , be your Dishonors , But mine owne Safeties : you may be rightly iust , What euer I shall thinke
But for all this , When I shall treade vpon the Tyrants head , Or weare it on my Sword ; yet my poore Country Shall haue more vices then it had before , More suffer , and more sundry wayes then euer , By him that shall succeede
It is my selfe I meane : in whom I know All the particulars of Vice so grafted , That when they shall be open ' d , blacke Macbeth Will seeme as pure as Snow , and the poore State Esteeme him as a Lambe , being compar ' d With my confinelesse harmes
Let not your eares dispise my tongue for euer , Which shall possesse them with the heauiest sound that euer yet they heard
I shall do so : But I must also feele it as a man ; I cannot but remember such things were That were most precious to me : Did heauen looke on , And would not take their part ?
Neere Byrnan wood Shall we well meet them , that way are they comming
Who then shall blame His pester ' d Senses to recoyle , and start , When all that is within him , do ' s condemne It selfe , for being there
The Spirits that know All mortall Consequences , haue pronounc ' d me thus : Feare not Macbeth , no man that ' s borne of woman Shall ere haue power vpon thee .
Then fly false Thanes , And mingle with the English Epicures , The minde I sway by , and the heart I beare , Shall neuer sagge with doubt , nor shake with feare .
Let euery Souldier hew him downe a Bough , And bear ' t before him , thereby shall we shadow The numbers of our Hoast , and make discouery Erre in report of vs
It shall be done
The time approaches , That will with due decision make vs know What we shall say we haue , and what we owe : Thoughts speculatiue , their vnsure hopes relate , But certaine issue , stroakes must arbitrate , Towards which , aduance the warre .
If thou speak ' st false , Vpon the next Tree shall thou hang aliue Till Famine cling thee : If thy speech be sooth , I care not if thou dost for me as much .
Now neere enough : Your leauy Skreenes throw downe , And shew like those you are : You ( worthy Vnkle ) Shall with my Cosin your right Noble Sonne Leade our first Battell .
Worthy Macduffe , and wee Shall take vpon ' s what else remaines to do , According to our order
We shall not spend a large expence of time , Before we reckon with your seuerall loues , And make vs euen with you .
Unfix ' d yet fix ' d , Ever shall be , ever have been and are , Sweeping the present to the infinite future , Eidolons , eidolons , eidolons .
The prophet and the bard , Shall yet maintain themselves , in higher stages yet , Shall mediate to the Modern , to Democracy , interpret yet to them , God and eidolons .
In the name of these States shall I scorn the antique ?
I will make the poems of materials , for I think they are to be the most spiritual poems , And I will make the poems of my body and of mortality , For I think I shall then supply myself with the poems of my soul and of immortality .
I will make a song for these States that no one State may under any circumstances be subjected to another State , And I will make a song that there shall be comity by day and by night between all the States , and between any two of them , And I will make a song for the ears of the President , full of weapons with menacing points , And behind the weapons countless dissatisfied faces ; And a song make I of the One form ' d out of all , The fang ' d and glittering One whose head is over all , Resolute warlike One including and over all , ( However high the head of any else that head is over all .)
O now I triumph -- and you shall also ; O hand in hand -- O wholesome pleasure -- O one more desirer and lover !
1 I celebrate myself , and sing myself , And what I assume you shall assume , For every atom belonging to me as good belongs to you .
2 Houses and rooms are full of perfumes , the shelves are crowded with perfumes , I breathe the fragrance myself and know it and like it , The distillation would intoxicate me also , but I shall not let it .
Stop this day and night with me and you shall possess the origin of all poems , You shall possess the good of the earth and sun , ( there are millions of suns left ,) You shall no longer take things at second or third hand , nor look through the eyes of the dead , nor feed on the spectres in books , You shall not look through my eyes either , nor take things from me , You shall listen to all sides and filter them from your self .
Welcome is every organ and attribute of me , and of any man hearty and clean , Not an inch nor a particle of an inch is vile , and none shall be less familiar than the rest .
I am satisfied -- I see , dance , laugh , sing ; As the hugging and loving bed - fellow sleeps at my side through the night , and withdraws at the peep of the day with stealthy tread , Leaving me baskets cover ' d with white towels swelling the house with their plenty , Shall I postpone my acceptation and realization and scream at my eyes , That they turn from gazing after and down the road , And forthwith cipher and show me to a cent , Exactly the value of one and exactly the value of two , and which is ahead ?
19 This is the meal equally set , this the meat for natural hunger , It is for the wicked just same as the righteous , I make appointments with all , I will not have a single person slighted or left away , The kept - woman , sponger , thief , are hereby invited , The heavy - lipp ' d slave is invited , the venerealee is invited ; There shall be no difference between them and the rest .
All I mark as my own you shall offset it with your own , Else it were time lost listening to me .
I know I am deathless , I know this orbit of mine cannot be swept by a carpenter ' s compass , I know I shall not pass like a child ' s carlacue cut with a burnt stick at night .
I am he attesting sympathy , ( Shall I make my list of things in the house and skip the house that supports them ?)
If I worship one thing more than another it shall be the spread of my own body , or any part of it , Translucent mould of me it shall be you !
Shaded ledges and rests it shall be you !
Firm masculine colter it shall be you !
Whatever goes to the tilth of me it shall be you !
Breast that presses against other breasts it shall be you !
My brain it shall be your occult convolutions !
it shall be you !
Mix ' d tussled hay of head , beard , brawn , it shall be you !
Trickling sap of maple , fibre of manly wheat , it shall be you !
Sun so generous it shall be you !
Vapors lighting and shading my face it shall be you !
You sweaty brooks and dews it shall be you !
Winds whose soft - tickling genitals rub against me it shall be you !
Broad muscular fields , branches of live oak , loving lounger in my winding paths , it shall be you !
Hands I have taken , face I have kiss ' d , mortal I have ever touch ' d , it shall be you .
The earth by the sky staid with , the daily close of their junction , The heav ' d challenge from the east that moment over my head , The mocking taunt , See then whether you shall be master !
A minute and a drop of me settle my brain , I believe the soggy clods shall become lovers and lamps , And a compend of compends is the meat of a man or woman , And a summit and flower there is the feeling they have for each other , And they are to branch boundlessly out of that lesson until it becomes omnific , And until one and all shall delight us , and we them .
I seize the descending man and raise him with resistless will , O despairer , here is my neck , By God , you shall not go down !
Sleep -- I and they keep guard all night , Not doubt , not decease shall dare to lay finger upon you , I have embraced you , and henceforth possess you to myself , And when you rise in the morning you will find what I tell you is so .
Magnifying and applying come I , Outbidding at the start the old cautious hucksters , Taking myself the exact dimensions of Jehovah , Lithographing Kronos , Zeus his son , and Hercules his grandson , Buying drafts of Osiris , Isis , Belus , Brahma , Buddha , In my portfolio placing Manito loose , Allah on a leaf , the crucifix engraved , With Odin and the hideous - faced Mexitli and every idol and image , Taking them all for what they are worth and not a cent more , Admitting they were alive and did the work of their days , ( They bore mites as for unfledg ' d birds who have now to rise and fly and sing for themselves ,) Accepting the rough deific sketches to fill out better in myself , bestowing them freely on each man and woman I see , Discovering as much or more in a framer framing a house , Putting higher claims for him there with his roll ' d - up sleeves driving the mallet and chisel , Not objecting to special revelations , considering a curl of smoke or a hair on the back of my hand just as curious as any revelation , Lads ahold of fire - engines and hook - and - ladder ropes no less to me than the gods of the antique wars , Minding their voices peal through the crash of destruction , Their brawny limbs passing safe over charr ' d laths , their white foreheads whole and unhurt out of the flames ; By the mechanic ' s wife with her babe at her nipple interceding for every person born , Three scythes at harvest whizzing in a row from three lusty angels with shirts bagg ' d out at their waists , The snag - tooth ' d hostler with red hair redeeming sins past and to come , Selling all he possesses , traveling on foot to fee lawyers for his brother and sit by him while he is tried for forgery ; What was strewn in the amplest strewing the square rod about me , and not filling the square rod then , The bull and the bug never worshipp ' d half enough , Dung and dirt more admirable than was dream ' d , The supernatural of no account , myself waiting my time to be one of the supremes , The day getting ready for me when I shall do as much good as the best , and be as prodigious ; By my life - lumps !
43 I do not despise you priests , all time , the world over , My faith is the greatest of faiths and the least of faiths , Enclosing worship ancient and modern and all between ancient and modern , Believing I shall come again upon the earth after five thousand years , Waiting responses from oracles , honoring the gods , saluting the sun , Making a fetich of the first rock or stump , powowing with sticks in the circle of obis , Helping the llama or brahmin as he trims the lamps of the idols , Dancing yet through the streets in a phallic procession , rapt and austere in the woods a gymnosophist , Drinking mead from the skull - cap , to Shastas and Vedas admirant , minding the Koran , Walking the teokallis , spotted with gore from the stone and knife , beating the serpent - skin drum , Accepting the Gospels , accepting him that was crucified , knowing assuredly that he is divine , To the mass kneeling or the puritan ' s prayer rising , or sitting patiently in a pew , Ranting and frothing in my insane crisis , or waiting dead - like till my spirit arouses me , Looking forth on pavement and land , or outside of pavement and land , Belonging to the winders of the circuit of circuits .
Shoulder your duds dear son , and I will mine , and let us hasten forth , Wonderful cities and free nations we shall fetch as we go .
If you tire , give me both burdens , and rest the chuff of your hand on my hip , And in due time you shall repay the same service to me , For after we start we never lie by again .
This day before dawn I ascended a hill and look ' d at the crowded heaven , And I said to my spirit When we become the enfolders of those orbs , and the pleasure and knowledge of every thing in them , shall we be fill ' d and satisfied then ?
The young mechanic is closest to me , he knows me well , The woodman that takes his axe and jug with him shall take me with him all day , The farm - boy ploughing in the field feels good at the sound of my voice , In vessels that sail my words sail , I go with fishermen and seamen and love them .
You will hardly know who I am or what I mean , But I shall be good health to you nevertheless , And filter and fibre your blood .
Examine these limbs , red , black , or white , they are cunning in tendon and nerve , They shall be stript that you may see them .
This is not only one man , this the father of those who shall be fathers in their turns , In him the start of populous states and rich republics , Of him countless immortal lives with countless embodiments and enjoyments .
How do you know who shall come from the offspring of his offspring through the centuries ?
8 A woman ' s body at auction , She too is not only herself , she is the teeming mother of mothers , She is the bearer of them that shall grow and be mates to the mothers .
I dare not desert the likes of you in other men and women , nor the likes of the parts of you , I believe the likes of you are to stand or fall with the likes of the soul , ( and that they are the soul ,) I believe the likes of you shall stand or fall with my poems , and that they are my poems , Man ' s , woman ' s , child , youth ' s , wife ' s , husband ' s , mother ' s , father ' s , young man ' s , young woman ' s poems , Head , neck , hair , ears , drop and tympan of the ears , Eyes , eye - fringes , iris of the eye , eyebrows , and the waking or sleeping of the lids , Mouth , tongue , lips , teeth , roof of the mouth , jaws , and the jaw - hinges , Nose , nostrils of the nose , and the partition , Cheeks , temples , forehead , chin , throat , back of the neck , neck - slue , Strong shoulders , manly beard , scapula , hind - shoulders , and the ample side - round of the chest , Upper - arm , armpit , elbow - socket , lower - arm , arm - sinews , arm - bones , Wrist and wrist - joints , hand , palm , knuckles , thumb , forefinger , finger - joints , finger - nails , Broad breast - front , curling hair of the breast , breast - bone , breast - side , Ribs , belly , backbone , joints of the backbone , Hips , hip - sockets , hip - strength , inward and outward round , man - balls , man - root , Strong set of thighs , well carrying the trunk above , Leg - fibres , knee , knee - pan , upper - leg , under - leg , Ankles , instep , foot - ball , toes , toe - joints , the heel ; All attitudes , all the shapeliness , all the belongings of my or your body or of any one ' s body , male or female , The lung - sponges , the stomach - sac , the bowels sweet and clean , The brain in its folds inside the skull - frame , Sympathies , heart - valves , palate - valves , sexuality , maternity , Womanhood , and all that is a woman , and the man that comes from woman , The womb , the teats , nipples , breast - milk , tears , laughter , weeping , love - looks , love - perturbations and risings , The voice , articulation , language , whispering , shouting aloud , Food , drink , pulse , digestion , sweat , sleep , walking , swimming , Poise on the hips , leaping , reclining , embracing , arm - curving and tightening , The continual changes of the flex of the mouth , and around the eyes , The skin , the sunburnt shade , freckles , hair , The curious sympathy one feels when feeling with the hand the naked meat of the body , The circling rivers the breath , and breathing it in and out , The beauty of the waist , and thence of the hips , and thence downward toward the knees , The thin red jellies within you or within me , the bones and the marrow in the bones , The exquisite realization of health ; O I say these are not the parts and poems of the body only , but of the soul , O I say now these are the soul !
Through you I drain the pent - up rivers of myself , In you I wrap a thousand onward years , On you I graft the grafts of the best - beloved of me and America , The drops I distil upon you shall grow fierce and athletic girls , new artists , musicians , and singers , The babes I beget upon you are to beget babes in their turn , I shall demand perfect men and women out of my love - spendings , I shall expect them to interpenetrate with others , as I and you inter - penetrate now , I shall count on the fruits of the gushing showers of them , as I count on the fruits of the gushing showers I give now , I shall look for loving crops from the birth , life , death , immortality , I plant so lovingly now .
Spontaneous me , Nature , The loving day , the mounting sun , the friend I am happy with , The arm of my friend hanging idly over my shoulder , The hillside whiten ' d with blossoms of the mountain ash , The same late in autumn , the hues of red , yellow , drab , purple , and light and dark green , The rich coverlet of the grass , animals and birds , the private untrimm ' d bank , the primitive apples , the pebble - stones , Beautiful dripping fragments , the negligent list of one after another as I happen to call them to me or think of them , The real poems , ( what we call poems being merely pictures ,) The poems of the privacy of the night , and of men like me , This poem drooping shy and unseen that I always carry , and that all men carry , ( Know once for all , avow ' d on purpose , wherever are men like me , are our lusty lurking masculine poems ,) Love - thoughts , love - juice , love - odor , love - yielding , love - climbers , and the climbing sap , Arms and hands of love , lips of love , phallic thumb of love , breasts of love , bellies press ' d and glued together with love , Earth of chaste love , life that is only life after love , The body of my love , the body of the woman I love , the body of the man , the body of the earth , Soft forenoon airs that blow from the south - west , The hairy wild - bee that murmurs and hankers up and down , that gripes the full - grown lady - flower , curves upon her with amorous firm legs , takes his will of her , and holds himself tremulous and tight till he is satisfied ; The wet of woods through the early hours , Two sleepers at night lying close together as they sleep , one with an arm slanting down across and below the waist of the other , The smell of apples , aromas from crush ' d sage - plant , mint , birch - bark , The boy ' s longings , the glow and pressure as he confides to me what he was dreaming , The dead leaf whirling its spiral whirl and falling still and content to the ground , The no - form ' d stings that sights , people , objects , sting me with , The hubb ' d sting of myself , stinging me as much as it ever can any one , The sensitive , orbic , underlapp ' d brothers , that only privileged feelers may be intimate where they are , The curious roamer the hand roaming all over the body , the bashful withdrawing of flesh where the fingers soothingly pause and edge themselves , The limpid liquid within the young man , The vex ' d corrosion so pensive and so painful , The torment , the irritable tide that will not be at rest , The like of the same I feel , the like of the same in others , The young man that flushes and flushes , and the young woman that flushes and flushes , The young man that wakes deep at night , the hot hand seeking to repress what would master him , The mystic amorous night , the strange half - welcome pangs , visions , sweats , The pulse pounding through palms and trembling encircling fingers , the young man all color ' d , red , ashamed , angry ; The souse upon me of my lover the sea , as I lie willing and naked , The merriment of the twin babes that crawl over the grass in the sun , the mother never turning her vigilant eyes from them , The walnut - trunk , the walnut - husks , and the ripening or ripen ' d long - round walnuts , The continence of vegetables , birds , animals , The consequent meanness of me should I skulk or find myself indecent , while birds and animals never once skulk or find themselves indecent , The great chastity of paternity , to match the great chastity of maternity , The oath of procreation I have sworn , my Adamic and fresh daughters , The greed that eats me day and night with hungry gnaw , till I saturate what shall produce boys to fill my place when I am through , The wholesome relief , repose , content , And this bunch pluck ' d at random from myself , It has done its work -- I toss it carelessly to fall where it may .
Native moments -- when you come upon me -- ah you are here now , Give me now libidinous joys only , Give me the drench of my passions , give me life coarse and rank , To - day I go consort with Nature ' s darlings , to - night too , I am for those who believe in loose delights , I share the midnight orgies of young men , I dance with the dancers and drink with the drinkers , The echoes ring with our indecent calls , I pick out some low person for my dearest friend , He shall be lawless , rude , illiterate , he shall be one condemn ' d by others for deeds done , I will play a part no longer , why should I exile myself from my companions ?
Scented herbage of my breast , Leaves from you I glean , I write , to be perused best afterwards , Tomb - leaves , body - leaves growing up above me above death , Perennial roots , tall leaves , O the winter shall not freeze you delicate leaves , Every year shall you bloom again , out from where you retired you shall emerge again ; O I do not know whether many passing by will discover you or inhale your faint odor , but I believe a few will ; O slender leaves !
Come I am determin ' d to unbare this broad breast of mine , I have long enough stifled and choked ; Emblematic and capricious blades I leave you , now you serve me not , I will say what I have to say by itself , I will sound myself and comrades only , I will never again utter a call only their call , I will raise with it immortal reverberations through the States , I will give an example to lovers to take permanent shape and will through the States , Through me shall the words be said to make death exhilarating , Give me your tone therefore O death , that I may accord with it , Give me yourself , for I see that you belong to me now above all , and are folded inseparably together , you love and death are , Nor will I allow you to balk me any more with what I was calling life , For now it is convey ' d to me that you are the purports essential , That you hide in these shifting forms of life , for reasons , and that they are mainly for you , That you beyond them come forth to remain , the real reality , That behind the mask of materials you patiently wait , no matter how long , That you will one day perhaps take control of all , That you will perhaps dissipate this entire show of appearance , That may - be you are what it is all for , but it does not last so very long , But you will last very long .
Collecting I traverse the garden the world , but soon I pass the gates , Now along the pond - side , now wading in a little , fearing not the wet , Now by the post - and - rail fences where the old stones thrown there , pick ' d from the fields , have accumulated , ( Wild - flowers and vines and weeds come up through the stones and partly cover them , beyond these I pass ,) Far , far in the forest , or sauntering later in summer , before I think where I go , Solitary , smelling the earthy smell , stopping now and then in the silence , Alone I had thought , yet soon a troop gathers around me , Some walk by my side and some behind , and some embrace my arms or neck , They the spirits of dear friends dead or alive , thicker they come , a great crowd , and I in the middle , Collecting , dispensing , singing , there I wander with them , Plucking something for tokens , tossing toward whoever is near me , Here , lilac , with a branch of pine , Here , out of my pocket , some moss which I pull ' d off a live - oak in Florida as it hung trailing down , Here , some pinks and laurel leaves , and a handful of sage , And here what I now draw from the water , wading in the pondside , ( O here I last saw him that tenderly loves me , and returns again never to separate from me , And this , O this shall henceforth be the token of comrades , this calamus - root shall , Interchange it youths with each other !
And twigs of maple and a bunch of wild orange and chestnut , And stems of currants and plum - blows , and the aromatic cedar , These I compass ' d around by a thick cloud of spirits , Wandering , point to or touch as I pass , or throw them loosely from me , Indicating to each one what he shall have , giving something to each ; But what I drew from the water by the pond - side , that I reserve , I will give of it , but only to them that love as I myself am capable of loving .
trickle , slow drops , Candid from me falling , drip , bleeding drops , From wounds made to free you whence you were prison ' d , From my face , from my forehead and lips , From my breast , from within where I was conceal ' d , press forth red drops , confession drops , Stain every page , stain every song I sing , every word I say , bloody drops , Let them know your scarlet heat , let them glisten , Saturate them with yourself all ashamed and wet , Glow upon all I have written or shall write , bleeding drops , Let it all be seen in your light , blushing drops .
Here the profound lesson of reception , nor preference nor denial , The black with his woolly head , the felon , the diseas ' d , the illiterate person , are not denied ; The birth , the hasting after the physician , the beggar ' s tramp , the drunkard ' s stagger , the laughing party of mechanics , The escaped youth , the rich person ' s carriage , the fop , the eloping couple , The early market - man , the hearse , the moving of furniture into the town , the return back from the town , They pass , I also pass , any thing passes , none can be interdicted , None but are accepted , none but shall be dear to me .
O public road , I say back I am not afraid to leave you , yet I love you , You express me better than I can express myself , You shall be more to me than my poem .
I think heroic deeds were all conceiv ' d in the open air , and all free poems also , I think I could stop here myself and do miracles , I think whatever I shall meet on the road I shall like , and whoever beholds me shall like me , I think whoever I see must be happy .
All seems beautiful to me , can repeat over to men and women You have done such good to me I would do the same to you , I will recruit for myself and you as I go , I will scatter myself among men and women as I go , I will toss a new gladness and roughness among them , Whoever denies me it shall not trouble me , Whoever accepts me he or she shall be blessed and shall bless me .
the inducements shall be greater , We will sail pathless and wild seas , We will go where winds blow , waves dash , and the Yankee clipper speeds by under full sail .
I will be honest with you , I do not offer the old smooth prizes , but offer rough new prizes , These are the days that must happen to you : You shall not heap up what is call ' d riches , You shall scatter with lavish hand all that you earn or achieve , You but arrive at the city to which you were destin ' d , you hardly settle yourself to satisfaction before you are call ' d by an irresistible call to depart , You shall be treated to the ironical smiles and mockings of those who remain behind you , What beckonings of love you receive you shall only answer with passionate kisses of parting , You shall not allow the hold of those who spread their reach ' d hands toward you .
Now understand me well -- it is provided in the essence of things that from any fruition of success , no matter what , shall come forth something to make a greater struggle necessary .
Shall we stick by each other as long as we live ?
On the ferry - boats the hundreds and hundreds that cross , returning home , are more curious to me than you suppose , And you that shall cross from shore to shore years hence are more to me , and more in my meditations , than you might suppose .
You have waited , you always wait , you dumb , beautiful ministers , We receive you with free sense at last , and are insatiate henceforward , Not you any more shall be able to foil us , or withhold yourselves from us , We use you , and do not cast you aside -- we plant you permanently within us , We fathom you not -- we love you -- there is perfection in you also , You furnish your parts toward eternity , Great or small , you furnish your parts toward the soul .
A young man comes to me bearing a message from his brother , How shall the young man know the whether and when of his brother ?
I go to all the places one after another , and then row back to the shore , There in a huge kettle of boiling water the lobsters shall be boil ' d till their color becomes scarlet .
O while I live to be the ruler of life , not a slave , To meet life as a powerful conqueror , No fumes , no ennui , no more complaints or scornful criticisms , To these proud laws of the air , the water and the ground , proving my interior soul impregnable , And nothing exterior shall ever take command of me .
I see those who in any land have died for the good cause , The seed is spare , nevertheless the crop shall never run out , ( Mind you O foreign kings , O priests , the crop shall never run out .)
Around a palace , loftier , fairer , ampler than any yet , Earth ' s modern wonder , history ' s seven outstripping , High rising tier on tier with glass and iron facades , Gladdening the sun and sky , enhued in cheerfulest hues , Bronze , lilac , robin ' s - egg , marine and crimson , Over whose golden roof shall flaunt , beneath thy banner Freedom , The banners of the States and flags of every land , A brood of lofty , fair , but lesser palaces shall cluster .
Somewhere within their walls shall all that forwards perfect human life be started , Tried , taught , advanced , visibly exhibited .
Here shall you trace in flowing operation , In every state of practical , busy movement , the rills of civilization , Materials here under your eye shall change their shape as if by magic , The cotton shall be pick ' d almost in the very field , Shall be dried , clean ' d , ginn ' d , baled , spun into thread and cloth before you , You shall see hands at work at all the old processes and all the new ones , You shall see the various grains and how flour is made and then bread baked by the bakers , You shall see the crude ores of California and Nevada passing on and on till they become bullion , You shall watch how the printer sets type , and learn what a composing - stick is , You shall mark in amazement the Hoe press whirling its cylinders , shedding the printed leaves steady and fast , The photograph , model , watch , pin , nail , shall be created before you .
In large calm halls , a stately museum shall teach you the infinite lessons of minerals , In another , woods , plants , vegetation shall be illustrated -- in another animals , animal life and development .
One stately house shall be the music house , Others for other arts -- learning , the sciences , shall all be here , None shall be slighted , none but shall here be honor ' d , help ' d , exampled .
6 ( This , this and these , America , shall be your pyramids and obelisks , Your Alexandrian Pharos , gardens of Babylon , Your temple at Olympia .)
The male and female many laboring not , Shall ever here confront the laboring many , With precious benefits to both , glory to all , To thee America , and thee eternal Muse .
And here shall ye inhabit powerful Matrons !
Neither a servant nor a master I , I take no sooner a large price than a small price , I will have my own whoever enjoys me , I will be even with you and you shall be even with me .
Offspring of ignorant and poor , boys apprenticed to trades , Young fellows working on farms and old fellows working on farms , Sailor - men , merchant - men , coasters , immigrants , All these I see , but nigher and farther the same I see , None shall escape me and none shall wish to escape me .
3 I swear the earth shall surely be complete to him or her who shall be complete , The earth remains jagged and broken only to him or her who remains jagged and broken .
Work on , age after age , nothing is to be lost , It may have to wait long , but it will certainly come in use , When the materials are all prepared and ready , the architects shall appear .
I swear to you the architects shall appear without fall , I swear to you they will understand you and justify you , The greatest among them shall be he who best knows you , and encloses all and is faithful to all , He and the rest shall not forget you , they shall perceive that you are not an iota less than they , You shall be fully glorified in them .
I give nothing as duties , What others give as duties I give as living impulses , ( Shall I give the heart ' s action as a duty ?)
You shall sit in the middle well - pois ' d thousands and thousands of years , As to - day from one side the nobles of Asia come to you , As to - morrow from the other side the queen of England sends her eldest son to you .
They are justified , they are accomplish ' d , they shall now be turn ' d the other way also , to travel toward you thence , They shall now also march obediently eastward for your sake Libertad .
O you singer solitary , singing by yourself , projecting me , O solitary me listening , never more shall I cease perpetuating you , Never more shall I escape , never more the reverberations , Never more the cries of unsatisfied love be absent from me , Never again leave me to be the peaceful child I was before what there in the night , By the sea under the yellow and sagging moon , The messenger there arous ' d , the fire , the sweet hell within , The unknown want , the destiny of me .
Weep not , child , Weep not , my darling , With these kisses let me remove your tears , The ravening clouds shall not long be victorious , They shall not long possess the sky , they devour the stars only in apparition , Jupiter shall emerge , be patient , watch again another night , the Pleiades shall emerge , They are immortal , all those stars both silvery and golden shall shine out again , The great stars and the little ones shall shine out again , they endure , The vast immortal suns and the long - enduring pensive moons shall again shine .
Something there is , ( With my lips soothing thee , adding I whisper , I give thee the first suggestion , the problem and indirection ,) Something there is more immortal even than the stars , ( Many the burials , many the days and nights , passing away ,) Something that shall endure longer even than lustrous Jupiter Longer than sun or any revolving satellite , Or the radiant sisters the Pleiades .
A vast similitude interlocks all , All spheres , grown , ungrown , small , large , suns , moons , planets , All distances of place however wide , All distances of time , all inanimate forms , All souls , all living bodies though they be ever so different , or in different worlds , All gaseous , watery , vegetable , mineral processes , the fishes , the brutes , All nations , colors , barbarisms , civilizations , languages , All identities that have existed or may exist on this globe , or any globe , All lives and deaths , all of the past , present , future , This vast similitude spans them , and always has spann ' d , And shall forever span them and compactly hold and enclose them .
But there is one thing that belongs here -- shall I tell you what it is , gentlemen of Boston ?
I will whisper it to the Mayor , he shall send a committee to England , They shall get a grant from the Parliament , go with a cart to the royal vault , Dig out King George ' s coffin , unwrap him quick from the graveclothes , box up his bones for a journey , Find a swift Yankee clipper -- here is freight for you , black - bellied clipper , Up with your anchor -- shake out your sails -- steer straight toward Boston bay .
I sit and look out upon all the sorrows of the world , and upon all oppression and shame , I hear secret convulsive sobs from young men at anguish with themselves , remorseful after deeds done , I see in low life the mother misused by her children , dying , neglected , gaunt , desperate , I see the wife misused by her husband , I see the treacherous seducer of young women , I mark the ranklings of jealousy and unrequited love attempted to be hid , I see these sights on the earth , I see the workings of battle , pestilence , tyranny , I see martyrs and prisoners , I observe a famine at sea , I observe the sailors casting lots who shall be kill ' d to preserve the lives of the rest , I observe the slights and degradations cast by arrogant persons upon laborers , the poor , and upon negroes , and the like ; All these -- all the meanness and agony without end I sitting look out upon , See , hear , and am silent .
How you sprang -- how you threw off the costumes of peace with indifferent hand , How your soft opera - music changed , and the drum and fife were heard in their stead , How you led to the war , ( that shall serve for our prelude , songs of soldiers ,) How Manhattan drum - taps led .
Not houses of peace indeed are you , nor any nor all their prosperity , ( if need be , you shall again have every one of those houses to destroy them , You thought not to destroy those valuable houses , standing fast , full of comfort , built with money , May they stand fast , then ?
Vigil strange I kept on the field one night ; When you my son and my comrade dropt at my side that day , One look I but gave which your dear eyes return ' d with a look I shall never forget , One touch of your hand to mine O boy , reach ' d up as you lay on the ground , Then onward I sped in the battle , the even - contested battle , Till late in the night reliev ' d to the place at last again I made my way , Found you in death so cold dear comrade , found your body son of responding kisses , ( never again on earth responding ,) Bared your face in the starlight , curious the scene , cool blew the moderate night - wind , Long there and then in vigil I stood , dimly around me the battlefield spreading , Vigil wondrous and vigil sweet there in the fragrant silent night , But not a tear fell , not even a long - drawn sigh , long , long I gazed , Then on the earth partially reclining sat by your side leaning my chin in my hands , Passing sweet hours , immortal and mystic hours with you dearest comrade -- not a tear , not a word , Vigil of silence , love and death , vigil for you my son and my soldier , As onward silently stars aloft , eastward new ones upward stole , Vigil final for you brave boy , ( I could not save you , swift was your death , I faithfully loved you and cared for you living , I think we shall surely meet again ,) Till at latest lingering of the night , indeed just as the dawn appear ' d , My comrade I wrapt in his blanket , envelop ' d well his form , Folded the blanket well , tucking it carefully over head and carefully under feet , And there and then and bathed by the rising sun , my son in his grave , in his rude - dug grave I deposited , Ending my vigil strange with that , vigil of night and battle - field dim , Vigil for boy of responding kisses , ( never again on earth responding ,) Vigil for comrade swiftly slain , vigil I never forget , how as day brighten ' d , I rose from the chill ground and folded my soldier well in his blanket , And buried him where he fell .
Over the carnage rose prophetic a voice , Be not dishearten ' d , affection shall solve the problems of freedom yet , Those who love each other shall become invincible , They shall yet make Columbia victorious .
Sons of the Mother of All , you shall yet be victorious , You shall yet laugh to scorn the attacks of all the remainder of the earth .
No danger shall balk Columbia ' s lovers , If need be a thousand shall sternly immolate themselves for one .
One from Massachusetts shall be a Missourian ' s comrade , From Maine and from hot Carolina , and another an Oregonese , shall be friends triune , More precious to each other than all the riches of the earth .
To Michigan , Florida perfumes shall tenderly come , Not the perfumes of flowers , but sweeter , and wafted beyond death .
It shall be customary in the houses and streets to see manly affection , The most dauntless and rude shall touch face to face lightly , The dependence of Liberty shall be lovers , The continuance of Equality shall be comrades .
These shall tie you and band you stronger than hoops of iron , I , ecstatic , O partners !
I confess I have urged you onward with me , and still urge you , without the least idea what is our destination , Or whether we shall be victorious , or utterly quell ' d and defeated .
1 When lilacs last in the dooryard bloom ' d , And the great star early droop ' d in the western sky in the night , I mourn ' d , and yet shall mourn with ever - returning spring .
5 Over the breast of the spring , the land , amid cities , Amid lanes and through old woods , where lately the violets peep ' d from the ground , spotting the gray debris , Amid the grass in the fields each side of the lanes , passing the endless grass , Passing the yellow - spear ' d wheat , every grain from its shroud in the dark - brown fields uprisen , Passing the apple - tree blows of white and pink in the orchards , Carrying a corpse to where it shall rest in the grave , Night and day journeys a coffin .
10 O how shall I warble myself for the dead one there I loved ?
And how shall I deck my song for the large sweet soul that has gone ?
And what shall my perfume be for the grave of him I love ?
11 O what shall I hang on the chamber walls ?
And what shall the pictures be that I hang on the walls , To adorn the burial - house of him I love ?
America , curious toward foreign characters , stands by its own at all hazards , Stands removed , spacious , composite , sound , initiates the true use of precedents , Does not repel them or the past or what they have produced under their forms , Takes the lesson with calmness , perceives the corpse slowly borne from the house , Perceives that it waits a little while in the door , that it was fittest for its days , That its life has descended to the stalwart and well - shaped heir who approaches , And that he shall be fittest for his days .
Of all races and eras these States with veins full of poetical stuff most need poets , and are to have the greatest , and use them the greatest , Their Presidents shall not be their common referee so much as their poets shall .
Who would assume to teach here may well prepare himself body and mind , He may well survey , ponder , arm , fortify , harden , make lithe himself , He shall surely be question ' d beforehand by me with many and stern questions .
13 Rhymes and rhymers pass away , poems distill ' d from poems pass away , The swarms of reflectors and the polite pass , and leave ashes , Admirers , importers , obedient persons , make but the soil of literature , America justifies itself , give it time , no disguise can deceive it or conceal from it , it is impassive enough , Only toward the likes of itself will it advance to meet them , If its poets appear it will in due time advance to meet them , there is no fear of mistake , ( The proof of a poet shall be sternly deferr ' d till his country absorbs him as affectionately as he has absorb ' d it .)
after death you shall be superb , Justice , health , self - esteem , clear the way with irresistible power ; How dare you place any thing before a man ?
6 I saw the day the return of the heroes , ( Yet the heroes never surpass ' d shall never return , Them that day I saw not .)
I do not see any of it upon you to - day , or perhaps I am deceiv ' d , I will run a furrow with my plough , I will press my spade through the sod and turn it up underneath , I am sure I shall expose some of the foul meat .
When there are no more memories of heroes and martyrs , And when all life and all the souls of men and women are discharged from any part of the earth , Then only shall liberty or the idea of liberty be discharged from that part of the earth , And the infidel come into full possession .
I believe that was not the end of those nations or any person of them , any more than this shall be the end of my nation , or of me ; Of their languages , governments , marriage , literature , products , games , wars , manners , crimes , prisons , slaves , heroes , poets , I suspect their results curiously await in the yet unseen world , counterparts of what accrued to them in the seen world , I suspect I shall meet them there , I suspect I shall there find each old particular of those unnamed lands .
Singly , wholly , to affect now , affected their time , will forever affect , all of the past and all of the present and all of the future , All the brave actions of war and peace , All help given to relatives , strangers , the poor , old , sorrowful , young children , widows , the sick , and to shunn ' d persons , All self - denial that stood steady and aloof on wrecks , and saw others fill the seats of the boats , All offering of substance or life for the good old cause , or for a friend ' s sake , or opinion ' s sake , All pains of enthusiasts scoff ' d at by their neighbors , All the limitless sweet love and precious suffering of mothers , All honest men baffled in strifes recorded or unrecorded , All the grandeur and good of ancient nations whose fragments we inherit , All the good of the dozens of ancient nations unknown to us by name , date , location , All that was ever manfully begun , whether it succeeded or no , All suggestions of the divine mind of man or the divinity of his mouth , or the shaping of his great hands , All that is well thought or said this day on any part of the globe , or on any of the wandering stars , or on any of the fix ' d stars , by those there as we are here , All that is henceforth to be thought or done by you whoever you are , or by any one , These inure , have inured , shall inure , to the identities from which they sprang , or shall spring .
Dear prison ' d soul bear up a space , For soon or late the certain grace ; To set thee free and bear thee home , The heavenly pardoner death shall come .
Surely whoever speaks to me in the right voice , him or her I shall follow , As the water follows the moon , silently , with fluid steps , anywhere around the globe .
All must have reference to the ensemble of the world , and the compact truth of the world , There shall be no subject too pronounced -- all works shall illustrate the divine law of indirections .
reborn , high o ' er the European world , ( In gladness answering thence , as face afar to face , reflecting ours Columbia ,) Again thy star O France , fair lustrous star , In heavenly peace , clearer , more bright than ever , Shall beam immortal .
Ah who shall soothe these feverish children ?
Yet soul be sure the first intent remains , and shall be carried out , Perhaps even now the time has arrived .
After the seas are all cross ' d , ( as they seem already cross ' d ,) After the great captains and engineers have accomplish ' d their work , After the noble inventors , after the scientists , the chemist , the geologist , ethnologist , Finally shall come the poet worthy that name , The true son of God shall come singing his songs .
Then not your deeds only O voyagers , O scientists and inventors , shall be justified , All these hearts as of fretted children shall be sooth ' d , All affection shall be fully responded to , the secret shall be told , All these separations and gaps shall be taken up and hook ' d and link ' d together , The whole earth , this cold , impassive , voiceless earth , shall be completely Justified , Trinitas divine shall be gloriously accomplish ' d and compacted by the true son of God , the poet , ( He shall indeed pass the straits and conquer the mountains , He shall double the cape of Good Hope to some purpose ,) Nature and Man shall be disjoin ' d and diffused no more , The true son of God shall absolutely fuse them .
I am the actor , the actress , the voter , the politician , The emigrant and the exile , the criminal that stood in the box , He who has been famous and he who shall be famous after to - day , The stammerer , the well - form ' d person , the wasted or feeble person .
The soul is always beautiful , The universe is duly in order , every thing is in its place , What has arrived is in its place and what waits shall be in its place , The twisted skull waits , the watery or rotten blood waits , The child of the glutton or venerealee waits long , and the child of the drunkard waits long , and the drunkard himself waits long , The sleepers that lived and died wait , the far advanced are to go on in their turns , and the far behind are to come on in their turns , The diverse shall be no less diverse , but they shall flow and unite -- they unite now .
I am not afraid , I have been well brought forward by you , I love the rich running day , but I do not desert her in whom I lay so long , I know not how I came of you and I know not where I go with you , but I know I came well and shall go well .
To think how eager we are in building our houses , To think others shall be just as eager , and we quite indifferent .
Slow - moving and black lines creep over the whole earth -- they never cease -- they are the burial lines , He that was President was buried , and he that is now President shall surely be buried .
These also flow onward to others , you and I flow onward , But in due time you and I shall take less interest in them .
6 What will be will be well , for what is is well , To take interest is well , and not to take interest shall be well .
Of and in all these things , I have dream ' d that we are not to be changed so much , nor the law of us changed , I have dream ' d that heroes and good - doers shall be under the present and past law , And that murderers , drunkards , liars , shall be under the present and past law , For I have dream ' d that the law they are under now is enough .
mine is Hercules ' face , All sorrow , labor , suffering , I , tallying it , absorb in myself , Many times have I been rejected , taunted , put in prison , and crucified , and many times shall be again , All the world have I given up for my dear brothers ' and sisters ' sake , for the soul ' s sake , Wanding my way through the homes of men , rich or poor , with the kiss of affection , For I am affection , I am the cheer - bringing God , with hope and all - enclosing charity , With indulgent words as to children , with fresh and sane words , mine only , Young and strong I pass knowing well I am destin ' d myself to an early death ; But my charity has no death -- my wisdom dies not , neither early nor late , And my sweet love bequeath ' d here and elsewhere never dies .
3 Aloof , dissatisfied , plotting revolt , Comrade of criminals , brother of slaves , Crafty , despised , a drudge , ignorant , With sudra face and worn brow , black , but in the depths of my heart , proud as any , Lifted now and always against whoever scorning assumes to rule me , Morose , full of guile , full of reminiscences , brooding , with many wiles , ( Though it was thought I was baffled , and dispel ' d , and my wiles done , but that will never be ,) Defiant , I , Satan , still live , still utter words , in new lands duly appearing , ( and old ones also ,) Permanent here from my side , warlike , equal with any , real as any , Nor time nor change shall ever change me or my words .
Of him I love day and night I dream ' d I heard he was dead , And I dream ' d I went where they had buried him I love , but he was not in that place , And I dream ' d I wander ' d searching among burial - places to find him , And I found that every place was a burial - place ; The houses full of life were equally full of death , ( this house is now ,) The streets , the shipping , the places of amusement , the Chicago , Boston , Philadelphia , the Mannahatta , were as full of the dead as of the living , And fuller , O vastly fuller of the dead than of the living ; And what I dream ' d I will henceforth tell to every person and age , And I stand henceforth bound to what I dream ' d , And now I am willing to disregard burial - places and dispense with them , And if the memorials of the dead were put up indifferently everywhere , even in the room where I eat or sleep , I should be satisfied , And if the corpse of any one I love , or if my own corpse , be duly render ' d to powder and pour ' d in the sea , I shall be satisfied , Or if it be distributed to the winds I shall be satisfied .
I understand your anguish , but I cannot help you , I approach , hear , behold , the sad mouth , the look out of the eyes , your mute inquiry , Whither I go from the bed I recline on , come tell me ,-- Old age , alarm ' d , uncertain -- a young woman ' s voice , appealing to me for comfort ; A young man ' s voice , Shall I not escape ?
I need no assurances , I am a man who is preoccupied of his own soul ; I do not doubt that from under the feet and beside the hands and face I am cognizant of , are now looking faces I am not cognizant of , calm and actual faces , I do not doubt but the majesty and beauty of the world are latent in any iota of the world , I do not doubt I am limitless , and that the universes are limitless , in vain I try to think how limitless , I do not doubt that the orbs and the systems of orbs play their swift sports through the air on purpose , and that I shall one day be eligible to do as much as they , and more than they , I do not doubt that temporary affairs keep on and on millions of years , I do not doubt interiors have their interiors , and exteriors have their exteriors , and that the eyesight has another eyesight , and the hearing another hearing , and the voice another voice , I do not doubt that the passionately - wept deaths of young men are provided for , and that the deaths of young women and the deaths of little children are provided for , ( Did you think Life was so well provided for , and Death , the purport of all Life , is not well provided for ?)
Not for success alone , Not to fair - sail unintermitted always , The storm shall dash thy face , the murk of war and worse than war shall cover thee all over , ( Wert capable of war , its tug and trials ?
be capable of peace , its trials , For the tug and mortal strain of nations come at last in prosperous peace , not war ;) In many a smiling mask death shall approach beguiling thee , thou in disease shalt swelter , The livid cancer spread its hideous claws , clinging upon thy breasts , seeking to strike thee deep within , Consumption of the worst , moral consumption , shall rouge thy face with hectic , But thou shalt face thy fortunes , thy diseases , and surmount them all , Whatever they are to - day and whatever through time they may be , They each and all shall lift and pass away and cease from thee , While thou , Time ' s spirals rounding , out of thyself , thyself still extricating , fusing , Equable , natural , mystical Union thou , ( the mortal with immortal blent ,) Shalt soar toward the fulfilment of the future , the spirit of the body and the mind , The soul , its destinies .
I saw the face of the most smear ' d and slobbering idiot they had at the asylum , And I knew for my consolation what they knew not , I knew of the agents that emptied and broke my brother , The same wait to clear the rubbish from the fallen tenement , And I shall look again in a score or two of ages , And I shall meet the real landlord perfect and unharm ' d , every inch as good as myself .
How all superbest deeds since Time began are traceable to it -- and shall be to the end !
Ah think not you finally triumph , my real self has yet to come forth , It shall yet march forth o ' ermastering , till all lies beneath me , It shall yet stand up the soldier of ultimate victory .
They shall arise in the States , They shall report Nature , laws , physiology , and happiness , They shall illustrate Democracy and the kosmos , They shall be alimentive , amative , perceptive , They shall be complete women and men , their pose brawny and supple , their drink water , their blood clean and clear , They shall fully enjoy materialism and the sight of products , they shall enjoy the sight of the beef , lumber , bread - stuffs , of Chicago the great city .
They shall train themselves to go in public to become orators and oratresses , Strong and sweet shall their tongues be , poems and materials of poems shall come from their lives , they shall be makers and finders , Of them and of their works shall emerge divine conveyers , to convey gospels , Characters , events , retrospections , shall be convey ' d in gospels , trees , animals , waters , shall be convey ' d , Death , the future , the invisible faith , shall all be convey ' d .
Weave in , weave in , my hardy life , Weave yet a soldier strong and full for great campaigns to come , Weave in red blood , weave sinews in like ropes , the senses , sight weave in , Weave lasting sure , weave day and night the wet , the warp , incessant weave , tire not , ( We know not what the use O life , nor know the aim , the end , nor really aught we know , But know the work , the need goes on and shall go on , the death - envelop ' d march of peace as well as war goes on ,) For great campaigns of peace the same the wiry threads to weave , We know not why or what , yet weave , forever weave .
shall the clouds close again upon thee ?
I shall go forth , I shall traverse the States awhile , but I cannot tell whither or how long , Perhaps soon some day or night while I am singing my voice will suddenly cease .
I announce adhesiveness , I say it shall be limitless , unloosen ' d , I say you shall yet find the friend you were looking for .
I announce a life that shall be copious , vehement , spiritual , bold , I announce an end that shall lightly and joyfully meet its translation .
The body , sluggish , aged , cold -- the embers left from earlier fires , The light in the eye grown dim , shall duly flame again ; The sun now low in the west rises for mornings and for noons continual ; To frozen clods ever the spring ' s invisible law returns , With grass and flowers and summer fruits and corn .
Thanks in old age -- thanks ere I go , For health , the midday sun , the impalpable air -- for life , mere life , For precious ever - lingering memories , ( of you my mother dear -- you , father -- you , brothers , sisters , friends ,) For all my days -- not those of peace alone -- the days of war the same , For gentle words , caresses , gifts from foreign lands , For shelter , wine and meat -- for sweet appreciation , ( You distant , dim unknown -- or young or old -- countless , unspecified , readers belov ' d , We never met , and neer shall meet -- and yet our souls embrace , long , close and long ;) For beings , groups , love , deeds , words , books -- for colors , forms , For all the brave strong men -- devoted , hardy men -- who ' ve forward sprung in freedom ' s help , all years , all lands For braver , stronger , more devoted men --( a special laurel ere I go , to life ' s war ' s chosen ones , The cannoneers of song and thought -- the great artillerists -- the foremost leaders , captains of the soul :) As soldier from an ended war return ' d -- As traveler out of myriads , to the long procession retrospective , Thanks -- joyful thanks !-- a soldier ' s , traveler ' s thanks .
} Soon Shall the Winter ' s Foil Be Here
Soon shall the winter ' s foil be here ; Soon shall these icy ligatures unbind and melt -- A little while , And air , soil , wave , suffused shall be in softness , bloom and growth -- a thousand forms shall rise From these dead clods and chills as from low burial graves .
Thine eyes , ears -- all thy best attributes -- all that takes cognizance of natural beauty , Shall wake and fill .
But I shall campaign on the Meyner record to meet the needs of the years ahead '' .
The Georgia Constitution gives the Legislature the power to exempt colleges from property taxation if , among other criteria , `` all endowments to institutions established for white people shall be limited to white people , and all endowments to institutions established for colored people shall be limited to colored people '' .
`` When and if it can do so without jeopardizing constitutional and statutory tax-exemption privileges essential to the maintenance of its educational program and facilities , Emory University will consider applications of persons desiring to study or work at the University without regard to race , color or creed , continuing university policy that all applications shall be considered on the basis of intellectual and moral standards and other criteria designed to assure the orderly and effective conduct of the university and the fulfillment of its mission as an institution of Christian higher education '' .
in effect , he was practicing what he preached in his Berlin message two weeks ago when he declared : `` We shall always be prepared to discuss international problems with any and all nations that are willing to talk , and listen , with reason '' .
`` If once they become inattentive to the public affairs '' , Jefferson said , `` you and I , and Congress and assemblies , judges and governors , shall all become wolves '' .
Since 1953 California has led the nation in enacting guarantees that public business shall be publicly conducted , but not until this year did the lawmakers in Sacramento plug the remaining loopholes in the Brown Act .
The integrity of the office not merely requires that the Secretary General shall be , as the Charter puts it , `` the chief administrative officer of the Organization '' , but that neither he nor his staff shall seek or receive instructions from any government or any other authority `` external to the Organization '' .
The Charter does stipulate that `` due regard '' shall be paid to the importance of recruiting the staff on `` as wide a geographical basis as possible '' .
Although the United States and the U.S.S.R. have been arguing whether there shall be four , five or six top assistants , the most important element in the situation is not the number of deputies but the manner in which these deputies are to do their work .
Once Peter asked , `` How oft shall my brother sin against me , and I forgive him ? ?
These programs are volumes of waste paper and lost hours if the citizens of a community must stand aside while land developers tell them when , where , and in what manner the community shall grow .
The concern they felt for me was such as I shall never forget and for which I will always be grateful .
It will determine the amount of money to be spent by the college and will certify this amount to the board of freeholders , which `` shall appropriate in the same manner as other appropriations are made by it the amount so certified and the amount shall be assessed , levied and collected in the same manner as moneys appropriated for other purposes '' .
Change our taxing law so that no tax shall be charged to any owner for additions or improvements to his properties .
President Kennedy was right when he said , `` We shall never negotiate out of fear and we never shall fear to negotiate '' .
The General Assembly shall consider and approve the budget of the Organization .
The expenses of the Organization shall be borne by the Members as apportioned by the General Assembly .
A Member of the United Nations which is in arrears in the payment of its financial contributions to the Organization shall have no vote in the General Assembly if the amount of its arrears equals or exceeds the amount of the contributions due from it for the preceding two full years '' .
The Connally amendment says that the United States , rather than the court , shall determine whether a matter is essentially within the domestic jurisdiction of the United States in a case before the World Court to which the United States is a party .
If the Hessian troops sent here willy-nilly by the Hessian Government to fight for England in the 1770's were mercenaries , what shall we call the UN troops sent to the Congo willy-nilly by their governments to fight for the United Nations ? ?
Since the hero , a sterling and upright fellow , is a rich Brown senior , while two Yalies are cast as virtual rapists , I suppose I should disqualify myself from sitting in judgment on `` Where The Boys Are '' , but I shall do nothing of the sort .
'' A hymn often to be heard in Catholic churches is `` Faith Of Our Fathers '' , which glories in England's ancient faith that endured persecution , and which proclaims : `` Faith of our Fathers : Mary's prayers Shall win our country back to thee '' .
The next traditional step then was to accept it as the authoritative textbook of the Christian faith just as one would accept a treatise on any earthly `` science '' , and I submitted to its conditions according to Christ's invitation and promise that , `` If any man will do his will , he shall know of the doctrine , whether it be of God , or whether I speak of myself '' ( John 7 : 17 ) .
Unfortunately , in our rush to beat the Russians , we have forgotten these truth-packed words of Jesus Christ : `` What shall it profit a man , if he shall gain the whole world ( that includes outer space ) , and lose his own soul ? ?
Or what shall a man give in exchange for his soul '' ? ?
whom shall I fear ? ?
of whom shall I be afraid '' ? ?
That is a sound position , but it is important that Moscow shall recognize it not merely as the word of a president but as the mind of a free people who are not afraid .
whom shall I fear ? ?
of whom shall I be afraid '' ? ?
Though an host should encamp against me , my heart shall not fear : though war should rise against me , in this will I be confident '' .
whom shall I fear ? ?
of whom shall I be afraid '' ? ?
In fact , He came into this world Himself , in the person of His Son , Jesus Christ , who stood here amid the darkness of human sin and said : `` I am the light of the world : he that followeth me shall not walk in darkness , but shall have the light of life '' .
The apostle Paul said the same thing in the language and faith of the New Testament : `` He that spared not His own Son , but delivered Him up for us all , how shall He not with Him freely give us all things ? ?
Who shall separate us from the love of Christ ? ?
Shall tribulation , or distress , or persecution , or famine , or nakedness , or peril , or sword '' ? ?
Later , we shall see what happened when an emperor took this idea too literally .
Whereas the primary meanings of the Lo Shu diagram seemed to have been based on its inner mathematical properties -- and we shall see that even its secondary meanings rested on some mathematical bases -- the urgent desire to place everything into categories of fives led to other groupings based on other numbers , until an exaggerated emphasis on mere numerology pervaded Chinese thought .
I shall touch on three areas : personal , national , and theological .
The American Constitution was historic at this point in providing that `` Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof '' .
for it is written , You shall be holy , because I am holy .
The exercise I shall discuss in this -- the first of a new series of articles on muscle definition-specialization of a particular body part -- is the One Leg Lunge .
The outside surface of the solid units shall be of an exterior grade of panel board such as plywood , plastic coated panel board , high density particle board , asbestos-cement board , or any other product locally obtainable upon recommendation of your building supply dealer .
In this sequence I shall write about them in the order of their erection .
`` We , the Subscribers , do agree , that as soon as a convenient Number of Persons have subscribed to this , or a similar Writing , We will present a petition to the Hon'ble General Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts , praying for an Act incorporating into a Body politic the subscribers to such Writing with Liberty to build such a Bridge , and a Right to demand a Toll equal to that received at Malden Bridge , and on like Terms , and if such an Act shall be obtained , then we severally agree each with the others , that we will hold in the said Bridge the several shares set against our respective Names , the whole into two hundred shares being divided , and that we will pay such sums of Money at such Times and in such Manners , as by the said proposed Corporation , shall be directed and required '' .
I state categorically that we shall under no circumstances resort to the use of such weapons unless they are first used by our enemies '' .
Then there's always hobbies , collecting stamps , coins , timetables , salt and pepper shakers , elephants , dogs , dolls , shells , or shall we just say collecting anything your heart desires ? ?
And if it was not an individual who was in the dock , why was the Trial , as we shall observe later , all but scuttled in the attempt to prove Eichmann a `` fiend '' ? ?
I do mean , however , that I take them for granted , and that everything I shall be saying would appear quite idiotic against any contrary assumptions .
Giffen replied punctually and enthusiastically : `` Rest assured that your accompanying Letter of Instructions shall be in the Letter and Spirit strictly complied with and most particularly in regard to that part of them relative to the completion of your noble and humane views '' .
Eleazar , pausing on the Hanover plain , found its great forests and remoteness good and with his own hands built the first College Hall , a log hut dedicated `` for the education & instruction of Youth of the Indian Tribes in this Land in reading , writing & all parts of learning which shall appear necessary and expedient for civilizing & christianizing Children of Pagans as well as in all liberal Arts and Sciences ; ;
In a later chapter dealing with the suburban school , I shall discuss the importance of arranging a program for the academically talented and highly gifted youth in any high school where he is found .
We shall not make a decisive advance in the ecumenical movement until such a church begins to see itself not merely as a haven of comfort and peace but as a base of Christian witness and mission to the world .
In discussing the ways this crisis is germane to consderations for the prevention of illegitimacy , we shall again superimpose Erikson's concept on our data .
actually , there is little evidence of such personal community in Protestant congregations , as we shall see in another connection .
One spot in Osaka I shall always remember -- the bridge where we stood to watch the reflections of the elaborate neon signs in the still waters of the river .
This leads to the conclusion that `` the fact is inescapable that America does have a say in whether or not apartheid shall continue '' .
Or the mode of love to this fragment by a recent poet : `` Know ye , fair folk who dwell on earth Or shall hereafter come to birth , That here , with dust upon his eyes , Iraj , the sweet-tongued singer , lies .
Of course , I shall conduct Mahler and Bruckner works in the coming season , as usual .
When it comes to this , I shall prefer emigrating to some country where they make no pretence of loving liberty -- to Russia , for instance , where despotism can be taken pure , without the base alloy of hypocrisy '' ( His emphasis )
When I try to work out my reasons for feeling that this passage is of critical significance , I come up with the following ideas , which I shall express very briefly here and revert to in a later essay .
We shall return to these statements and deal with them more fully as the evidence for them accumulates .
In method as well as in theme this little anecdote with its details selected as much for expressiveness and allegory as for `` realism '' , anticipates a kind of musical composition , as well as a kind of fictional composition , in which , as Leverkuhn says , `` there shall be nothing unthematic '' .
Accordingly , it is the aim of this essay to advance a new theory of imitation ( which I shall call mimesis in order to distinguish it from earlier theories of imitation ) and a new theory of invention ( which I shall call symbol for reasons to be stated hereafter ) .
In the following sketch we shall present a brief outline of his life and let him as much as possible speak for himself .
In any event , whether society may have cancer , or merely a virus infection , the `` disease '' , we shall find , is political , economical , social , and even medical .
While convalescing in his Virginia home he wrote a book recording his prison experiences and escape , entitled : They Shall Not Have Me Published originally in ( Helion's ) English by Dutton & Co. of New York , in 1943 , the book was received by the press as a work of astonishing literary power and one of the most realistic accounts of World War 2 , from the French side .
From her California headquarters , Miriam fired back , `` I shall never divorce Mr. Wright , to permit him to marry Olga Milanoff '' .
I shall continue to urge the American people , in the interests of their own security , prosperity and peace , to make sure that their own part of this great project be amply and cheerfully supported .
The only rules which I think we shall follow will be those of common sense , justice , and fairness '' .
By this time , as we shall see , the Tories were already planning to `` punish '' Steele for his political writing by expelling him from the House of Commons .
The unrelieved stranger eventually turned away from the place of his -- shall we dare say his Waterloo ? ?
I shall tell of it later on .
What shall these effects be ? ?
I would say , too , that the study of literature tends to give a person what I shall call depth .
Another Indiana observer later commented , `` Perhaps we shall never know how much was spent ( by Hearst ) , but if as much money was expended elsewhere as in Indiana a liberal fortune was squandered '' .
Another editor pointed despairingly at a bundle of letters that had accumulated for him , saying , `` But Mr. Hearst , what shall I do with this correspondence '' ? ?
Seeing their hesitation , I said , `` Well , until I have permission to enter Germany , or a visa to re-enter France , I shall be obliged to remain here on the line between two countries '' , whereupon I moved to the side of the road , parked my backpack against the small guardhouse on the sidewalk , sat down , took out my typewriter , and began typing the above conversation .
`` I shall see about getting you a tent '' , he said .
But if you are able & care to come , you know how glad I shall be .
I ask you to do me the last favour of reading them by 8 to-morrow evening , about which time I shall come to say my sad good-bye .
My own stern hand has rent the ancient bond , And thereof shall the ending not have end : But not for me , that loved her , to be fond Lightly to please me with a newer friend Then hold it more than bravest-feathered song , That I affirm to thee , with heart of pride , I knew not what did to a friend belong Till I stood up , true friend , by thy true side ; ;
There is every reason to recognize that in the very last years of his life , as we shall see , Thompson did take the drug in carefully rationed doses to ease the pains of his illness , but the exact date at which this began has never been determined .
for if this can be proved we shall surely be the gainers -- I mean , if there is a use in poetry as well as a delight '' .
In his study Samuel Johnson , Joseph Wood Krutch takes this line when he says that what Aristotle really means by his theory of catharsis is that our evil passions may be so purged by the dramatic ritual that it is `` less likely that we shall indulge them through our own acts '' .
Although this kind of wholesale objection came at first from some men who were not technically Puritans , still , once the Puritans gained power , they climaxed the affair by passing the infamous ordinance of 1642 which decreed that all `` public stage-plays shall cease and be forborne '' .
Sturley wrote to Quiney that Sir Edward `` gave his allowance and liking thereof , and affied unto us his best endeavour , so that his rights be preserved '' , and that `` Sir Edward saith we shall not be at any fault for money for prosecuting the cause , for himself will procure it and lay it down for us for the time '' .
`` If you can firmly make the good knight sure to pleasure our Corporation '' , Sturley wrote , `` besides that ordinary allowance for your diet you shall have 20 for recompence '' .
Sturley on November 4 answered a letter from Quiney written on October 25 which imported , wrote Sturley , `` that our countriman Mr. Wm. Shak. would procure us monei : which I will like of as I shall heare when , wheare & howe : and I prai let not go that occasion if it mai sort to ani indifferent condicions .
He suggested offering half to Sir Edward , fearing lest `` he shall thinke it to good for us and procure it for himselfe , as he served us the last time '' .
Those famous lines of the Greek Anthology with which a fading beauty dedicates her mirror at the shrine of a goddess reveal a wise attitude : `` Venus , take my votive glass , Since I am not what I was , What from this day I shall be , Venus , let me never see '' .
But there will be still other countries where , despite the inadequacy of the level of self-help , we shall deem it wise , for political or military reasons , to give substantial economic assistance .
No one could be more devoted than he to the American Congress as an institution and more aware of its historical significance in the political history of the world , and I shall never forget his moving talks , delivered in simple yet eloquent words , upon the meaning of our jobs as Representatives in the operation of representative government and their importance in the context of today's assault upon popular government .
Middletown bases its claim on the general provision of the law that `` all rateable property , both tangible and intangible , shall be taxed to the owner thereof in the town in which such owner shall have had his actual place of abode for the larger portion of the twelve ( 12 ) months next preceding the first day of April in each year '' .
The Smithfield tax assessor , in turn , claims the tax under the provision of law `` and all other tangible personal property situated or being in any town , in or upon any place of storage shall be taxed to such person in the town where said property is situated '' .
It is at this time that we should imitate the Pilgrims by accompanying our prayers of thanks with the conviction that we shall continue to be in dire need for the Lord's protection in the future , if we are to have peace ; ;
In order to accomplish the purposes of this Act , the Secretary of the Interior shall -- ( A )
Research and development activities undertaken by the Secretary shall be coordinated or conducted jointly with the Department of Defense to the end that developments under this Act which are primarily of a civil nature will contribute to the defense of the Nation and that developments which are primarily of a military nature will , to the greatest practicable extent compatible with military and security requirements , be available to advance the purposes of this Act and to strengthen the civil economy of the Nation .
The fullest cooperation by and with Atomic Energy Commission , the Department of Health , Education , and Welfare , the Department of State , and other concerned agencies shall also be carried out in the interest of achieving the objectives of this Act .
All research within the United States contracted for , sponsored , cosponsored , or authorized under authority of this Act , shall be provided for in such manner that all information , uses , products , processes , patents , and other developments resulting from such research developed by Government expenditure will ( with such exceptions and limitations , if any , as the Secretary may find to be necessary in the interest of national defense ) be available to the general public .
This subsection shall not be so construed as to deprive the owner of any background patent relating thereto of such rights as he may have thereunder .
All moneys received from dispositions under this section shall be paid into the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts ) .
Nothing in the Act shall be construed to alter existing law with respect to the ownership and control of water .
The Secretary shall make reports to the President and the Congress at the beginning of each regular session of the action taken or instituted by him under the provisions of this Act and of prospective action during the ensuing year .
and ( C ) to finance , for not more than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are required to correlate , coordinate , and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this Act : Provided , That funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject to the approval of the Secretary of State to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the United States , be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the United States : And provided further , That every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection therewith shall be available without cost to the United States for the use of the United States throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the United States .
The authority of the Secretary of the Interior under this joint resolution to construct , operate , and maintain demonstration plants shall terminate upon the expiration of twelve years after the date on which this joint resolution is approved .
Upon the expiration of a period deemed adequate for demonstration purposes for each plant , but not to exceed such twelve-year period , the Secretary shall proceed as promptly as practicable to dispose of any plants so constructed by sale to the highest bidder , or as may otherwise be directed by Act of Congress .
Upon such sale , there shall be returned to any State or public agency which has contributed financial assistance under Section 3 of this joint resolution a proper share of the net proceeds of the sale .
The Secretary of the Interior or any duly authorized representative shall be entitled to admission to , and to require reports from the operator of , any metal or nonmetallic mine which is in a State ( excluding any coal or lignite mine ) , the products of which regularly enter commerce or the operations of which substantially affect commerce , for the purpose of gathering data and information necessary for the study authorized in the first section of this Act .
The Secretary of the Interior shall submit a report of his findings , together with recommendations for an effective safety program for metal and nonmetallic mines ( excluding coal and lignite mines ) based upon such findings , to the Congress not more than two years after the date of enactment of this Act .
Subject to the limitations of this Act , the Secretary shall make stabilization payments to small domestic producers upon presentation of evidence satisfactory to him of their status as such producers and of the sale by them of newly mined ores , or concentrates produced therefrom , as provided in this Act .
Payments shall be made only with respect to the metal content as determined by assay .
Such payments shall be made to small domestic producers of lead as long as the market price for common lead at New York , New York , as determined by the Secretary , is below 14-1/2 cents per pound , and such payments shall be 75 per centum of the difference between 14-1/2 cents per pound and the average market price for the month in which the sale occurred as determined by the Secretary .
Such payments shall be made to small domestic producers of zinc as long as the market price for prime western zinc at East Saint Louis , Illinois , as determined by the Secretary , is below 14-1/2 cents per pound , and such payments shall be 55 per centum of the difference between 14-1/2 cents per pound and the average market price for the month in which the sale occurred as determined by the Secretary .
The maximum amount of payments which may be made pursuant to this Act on account of sales of newly mined ores or concentrates produced therefrom made during the calendar year 1962 shall not exceed $4,500,000 ; ;
the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1963 shall not exceed $4,500,000 ; ;
the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1964 shall not exceed $4,000,000 ; ;
and the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1965 shall not exceed $3,500,000 .
In addition to the penalties provided in Title 18 , United States Code , Section 1001 , any person guilty of any act , as provided therein , with respect to any matter under this Title , shall forfeit all rights under this Title , and , if payment shall have been made or granted , the Commission shall take such action as may be necessary to recover the same .
In connection with any claim decided by the Commission pursuant to this Title in which an award is made , the Commission may , upon the written request of the claimant or any attorney heretofore or hereafter employed by such claimant , determine and apportion the just and reasonable attorney's fees for services rendered with respect to such claim , but the total amount of the fees so determined in any case shall not exceed 10 per centum of the total amount paid pursuant to the award .
Written evidence that the claimant and any such attorney have agreed to the amount of the attorney's fees shall be conclusive upon the Commission : Provided , however , That the total amount of the fees so agreed upon does not exceed 10 per centum of the total amount paid pursuant to the award .
Any fee so determined shall be entered as a part of such award , and payment thereof shall be made by the Secretary of the Treasury by deducting the amount thereof from the total amount paid pursuant to the award .
Any agreement to the contrary shall be unlawful and void .
Whoever , in the United States or elsewhere , pays or offers to pay , or promises to pay , or receives on account of services rendered or to be rendered in connection with any such claim , compensation which , when added to any amount previously paid on account of such services , will exceed the amount of fees so determined by the Commission , shall be guilty of a misdemeanor , and , upon conviction thereof , shall be fined not more than $5,000 or imprisoned not more than twelve months , or both , and if any such payment shall have been made or granted , the Commission shall take such action as may be necessary to recover the same , and , in addition thereto , any such person shall forfeit all rights under this Title .
The Attorney General shall assign such officers and employees of the Department of Justice as may be necessary to represent the United States as to any claims of the Government of the United States with respect to which the Commission has jurisdiction under this title .
Any and all payments required to be made by the Secretary of the Treasury under this title pursuant to any award made by the Commission to the Government of the United States shall be covered into the Treasury to the credit of miscellaneous receipts .
The Commission shall notify all claimants of the approval or denial of their claims , stating the reasons and grounds therefor , and if approved , shall notify such claimants of the amount for which such claims are approved .
Any claimant whose claim is denied , or is approved for less than the full amount of such claim , shall be entitled , under such regulations as the Commission may prescribe , to a hearing before the Commission , or its duly authorized representatives , with respect to such claim .
The action of the Commission in allowing or denying any claim under this title shall be final and conclusive on all questions of law and fact and not subject to review by the Secretary of State or any other official , department , agency , or establishment of the United States or by any court by mandamus or otherwise .
The Commission shall comply with the provisons of the Administrative Procedure Act of 1946 except as otherwise specifically provided by this title .
The Commission shall , as soon as possible , and in the order of the making of such awards , certify to the Secretary of the Treasury and to the Secretary of State copies of the awards made in favor of the Government of the United States or of nationals of the United States under this Title .
The Commission shall certify to the Secretary of State , upon his request , copies of the formal submissions of claims filed pursuant to subsection ( B ) of Section 4 of this Act for transmission to the foreign government concerned .
The Commission shall complete its affairs in connection with settlement of United States-Yugoslav claims arising under the Yugoslav Claims Agreement of 1948 not later than December 31 , 1954 : :
Provided , That nothing in this provision shall be construed to limit the life of the Commission , or its authority to act on future agreements which may be effected under the provisions of this legislation .
Such payments , and applications for such payments , shall be made in accordance with such regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe .
There shall be deducted from the amount of each payment made pursuant to subsection ( C ) of Section 8 , as reimbursement for the expenses incurred by the United States , an amount equal to 5 per centum of such payment .
All amounts so deducted shall be covered into the Treasury to the credit of miscellaneous receipts .
Payments made pursuant to this Title shall be made only to the person or persons on behalf of whom the award is made , except that -- ( 1 )
if such person is deceased or is under a legal disability , payment shall be made to his legal representative : Provided , That if the total award is not over $500 and there is no qualified executor or administrator , payment may be made to the person or persons found by the Comptroller General of the United States to be entitled thereto , without the necessity of compliance with the requirements of law with respect to the administration of estates ; ;
in the case of a partnership or corporation , the existence of which has been terminated and on behalf of which an award is made , payment shall be made , except as provided in paragraphs ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) , to the person or persons found by the Comptroller General of the United States to be entitled thereto ; ;
if a receiver or trustee for any such partnership or corporation has been duly appointed by a court of competent jurisdiction in the United States and has not been discharged prior to the date of payment , payment shall be made to such receiver or trustee in accordance with the order of the court ; ;
if a receiver or trustee for any such partnership or corporation , duly appointed by a court of competent jurisdiction in the United States , makes an assignment of the claim , or any part thereof , with respect to which an award is made , or makes an assignment of such award , or any part thereof , payment shall be made to the assignee , as his interest may appear ; ;
Whenever the Secretary of the Treasury , or the Comptroller General of the United States , as the case may be , shall find that any person is entitled to any such payment , after such payment shall have been received by such person , it shall be an absolute bar to recovery by any other person against the United States , its officers , agents , or employees with respect to such payment .
Any person who makes application for any such payment shall be held to have consented to all the provisions of this Title .
Nothing in the Title shall be construed as the assumption of any liability by the United States for the payment or satisfaction , in whole or in part , of any claim on behalf of any national of the United States against any foreign government .
There shall be covered into the Treasury to the credit of the proper special fund all funds hereinafter specified .
All payments authorized under Section 7 of this Title shall be disbursed from the proper fund , as the case may be , and all amounts covered into the Treasury to the credit of the aforesaid funds are hereby permanently appropriated for the making of the payments authorized by Section 7 of this Title .
The Secretary of State shall certify to the Secretary of the Treasury the total cost of adjudication , not borne by the claimants , attributable to the Yugoslav Claims Agreement of 1948 .
Such certification shall be final and conclusive and shall not be subject to review by any other official or department , agency , or establishment of the United States .
except that no State shall have an allotment percentage less than 33-1/3% nor more than 75% .
For the States which maintain two separate agencies -- one for the vocational rehabilitation of the blind , and one for the rehabilitation of persons other than the blind -- the Act specifies that their minimum ( base ) allotment shall be divided between the two agencies in the same proportion as it was divided in fiscal year 1954 .
except that no State shall have a Federal share less than 50% nor more than 70% .
No corporation engaged in commerce shall acquire , directly or indirectly , the whole or any part of the stock or other share capital of another corporation engaged also in commerce , where the effect of such acquisition may be to substantially lessen competition between the corporation whose stock is so acquired and the corporation making the acquisition , or to restrain such commerce in any section or community , or tend to create a monopoly of any line of commerce .
This section shall not apply to corporations purchasing such stock solely for investment and not using the same by voting or otherwise to bring about , or in attempting to bring about , the substantial lessening of competition .
Unless we keep our eyes on the horizon ahead , we shall fail to bring ourselves on target with the present .
If any official operation abroad begins to go wrong , we shall look to the ambassador to find out why and to get suggestions for remedial action .
Accordingly , if it is not repealed by the Congress at its present session , I shall have no alternative thereafter but to direct the Secretary of Defense to disregard the section unless a court of competent jurisdiction determines otherwise .
The two Governments agree that the issuance of purchase authorizations for wheat and rice providing for purchase after June 30 , 1961 , shall be dependent upon the determination by the United States Government that these commodities are in surplus supply and available under Title 1 , of the Act at that time .
The United States Government shall have the right to terminate the financing of further sales under this Agreement of any commodity if it determines at any time after June 30 , 1961 , that such action is necessitated by the existence of an international emergency .
The two Governments agree that the rupees accruing to the Government of the United States of America as a consequence of sales made pursuant to this Agreement will be used by the Government of the United States of America , in such manner and order of priority as the Government of the United States of America shall determine , for the following purposes in the amounts shown : ( A )
The deposit of rupees to the account of the Government of the United States of America in payment for the commodities and for ocean transportation costs financed by the Government of the United States of America ( except excess costs resulting from the requirement that United States flag vessels be used ) shall be made at the rate of exchange for United States dollars generally applicable to import transactions ( excluding imports granted a preferential rate ) in effect on the dates of dollar disbursement by United States banks , or by the Government of the United States of America , as provided in the purchase authorizations .
The agreement shall enter into force upon signature .
Unless within the sixty-day period the Export-Import Bank has received such a communication from the Department of Economic Affairs it shall be understood that the Department of Economic Affairs has no objection to the proposed loan .
The Government of India shall maintain or cause to be maintained books and records adequate to identify the goods and services financed for agreed projects pursuant to paragraphs 1 ( B ) and 1 ( C ) of Article 2 , of the Agreement , to disclose the use thereof in the projects and to record the progress of the projects ( including the cost thereof ) .
The books and records with respect to each project shall be maintained for the duration of the project , or until the expiration of three years after final disbursement for the project has been made by the United States , whichever is later .
The two Governments shall have the right at all reasonable times to examine such books and records and all other documents , correspondence , memoranda and other records involving transactions relating to agreed projects .
The Government of India shall enable the authorized representatives of the United States to observe and review agreed projects and the utilization of goods and services financed under the projects , and shall furnish to the United States all such information as it shall reasonably request concerning the above-mentioned matters and the expenditures related thereto .
This broad delegation leaves within our discretion ( subject to the always-present criterion of the public interest ) both the determination of what degree of interference shall be considered excessive , and the methods by which such excessive interference shall be avoided .
For the making of selections on the basis of excellence requires that any foundation making the selections shall have available the judgments of a corps of advisors whose judgments are known to be good : such judgments can be known to be good only by the records of those selected , by records made subsequent to their selection over considerable periods of time .
A student who while in attendance at Carleton College participates in an athletic contest during the school year , other than that sponsored by the College , shall be permanently ineligible to participate in intercollegiate athletics at Carleton College and will also face permanent suspension from the institution .
Each year a few more institutions are deciding such questions as : Shall we require a liberal education built around a humanities core for all undergraduates ? ?
Or shall we permit early specialization in scientific and technological subjects ? ?
Oliver , in his summary of the habits of the snakes of the United States , could supply data on the maturing period for only three species in addition to the rattlers , which I shall consider separately .
Here we shall restrict discussion to those methods that appear sufficiently sensitive and precise for determining the concentration of TSH in blood .
If ( remember this is an assumption ) the minimal polynomial for T decomposes Af where Af are distinct elements of F , then we shall show that the space V is the direct sum of the null spaces of Af .
We shall find a polynomial Af such that Af is the identity on Af and is zero on the other Af , and so that Af , etc. .
We shall show that the polynomials Af behave in the manner described in the first paragraph of the proof .
By Theorem 10 , D is a diagonalizable operator which we shall call the diagonalizable part of T .
When Af for each i , we shall have Af , because the operator Af will then be 0 on the range of Af .
We shall prove that Af .
It is a very interesting fact that these two problems can be handled simultaneously and this is what we shall do in the next chapter .
Mathematically , we shall not distinguish the experiment of three dice tossed once from that of one die tossed three times .
We shall find a formula for the probability of exactly X successes for given values of P and N .
We now shall show that any involution with these characteristics is necessarily of the type we have just described .
No person shall be referred to a position the filling of which will aid directly or indirectly in filling a job which ( 1 ) is vacant because the former occupant is on strike or is being locked out in the course of a labor dispute , or ( 2 ) the filling of which is an issue in a labor dispute .
Since on the one hand school desegregation has come in Virginia hand-in-glove with pupil assignment , shall we support the plan ? ?
Shall we support pupil assignment ? ?
Shall we therefore oppose the plan ? ?
For the reason just suggested , I shall assume the use of the first subtype of fully distributed cost apportionment in the following simplified example .
The hypostatization of the secret nonetheless guarantees that the division of analytical and synthetic philosophies shall not be overcome by even the most persuasive argument ; ;
I shall argue that we do mean to do just that .
We shall consider these in the inverse order of their presentation .
It seems clear , when one takes into consideration the exceedingly defective eyesight of the patient ( we shall describe it in detail in connection with our second question , the one concerning the psychical blindness of the patient ) , that he had to rely on his sense of touch much more than the usual portfolio-maker and that consequently that faculty was most probably more sensitive to shape and size than that of a person with normal vision .
then we shall perhaps be in a position to provide something like a complete answer to the question at hand .
The meaning of this , as we shall see , is that he had no fund of visual memory-images of objects as objects ; ;
If the patient can perceive figure kinesthetically when he cannot perceive it visually , then , it would seem , the sense of touch has immediate contact with the spatial aspects of things in independence of visual representations , at least in regard to two dimensions , and , as we shall see , even this much spatial awareness on the part of unaided touch is denied by the authors .
Although it is not possible to sunder old and new in this era , I shall consider in the present chapter primarily the first decades of the eighth century and shall interpret them as an apogee of the first stage of Greek civilization .
We shall not be able entirely to pass over these connections to the East as we consider Ripe Geometric pottery , the epic and the myth , and the religious evolution of early Greece ; ;
Concerning the sentence , Foss wrote , `` If it be possible that mercy shall override vengeance and that John Brown's sentence shall be commuted to imprisonment , it would be well -- well for the country and for Virginia '' .
I shall first indicate a couple of weaknesses in Fromm's analysis , then argue that , granted these weaknesses , he still has much left that is valuable , and , finally , raise the general question of a philosophical versus a sociological approach to the question of alienation .
The only other one I shall mention here is his use of the term capitalism .
Other synonyms could of course serve the same function , and for the sake of ease I shall speak of kennings and epithets in the widest and loosest possible sense , and name , for example , Gar-Dene a kenning for the Danes .
The machine shall contain an opening for the insertion of a thermometer or other equivalent equipment for determining the temperature of the water during the washing and rinsing procedures .
Therefore , we shall consider in this paper the theoretical gain and resolution capabilities of such tubes .
The conclusion shall be reached that fiber-coupled , double-stage tubes represent a sensible and practical approach to high-gain image intensification .
The tube design which forms the basis of the theoretical discussion shall be described now .
The photocathode sensitivities S , phosphor efficiencies P , and anode potentials V of the individual stages shall be distinguished by means of subscripts 1 , and 2 , in the text , where required .
In general , P is a function of V and the current density , but it shall here be assumed as a constant .
Settled phosphors , as generally used in image intensifiers , have low optical contact with the substrate surface , hence Af shall be assumed .
For the further discussion , we shall thus assume an electron optical resolution of 80 Af and phosphor screen resolution of 60 Af .
Moreover , by systematically varying the operating conditions in the first stage and always using the optimal Af-stage policy for the remaining stages , we shall eventually find the optimal policy for all R stages .
A form of objective function that we shall often have occasion to consider is Af .
In that moment of vision Adam heard the voice within himself saying : I must not hate him , I must not hate him or I shall die .
And all this too shall pass away : it came to him out of some dim corner of memory from a church service when he was a boy -- yes , in a white church with a thin spur steeple in the patriarchal Hudson Valley , where a feeling of plenitude was normal in those English-Dutch manors with their well-fed squires .
There we shall be free and unknown ; ;
`` Shall I let them know you're awake '' ? ?
In good time I shall get to the distressing actuality , to Red McIver and Handley Walker , to murder and sudden death .
Shall we take them all with us , or leave one '' ? ?
Shall we flip a coin to see which of us goes first ? ?
I grok I shall never be lonely again '' .
We shall recommend to them that they shorten your trial period by half .
`` What shall we do with this one ? ?
`` Shall we get out of here '' ? ?
Shall I go on '' ? ?
But a young American has a bath next to his room and I shall ask him if you might use it this once .
And then we shall see .
'' ( The Grafin was partial to the word shall .
Shall we allow her not to have a bath ? ?
You shall see her at dinner '' .
You shall have food , water and rest '' .
Later , you shall know it better .
Shall we teach him some '' ? ?
If the old fool argues about the price , tell him I shall order my husband not to treat him as a patient any longer .
`` ' And let me go , for the night gathers me , and in the night shall no man gather fruit ' '' .
`` I shall call your father ! !
To my immense relief , she changed the subject in the next sentence : `` Shall we go to the Louvre today '' ? ?
`` Oh , my God '' , Ham Richert said , `` a little child shall lead them .
Another woman , addressing Christmas cards , said to her husband : `` We sent them one last year but they didn't send us one , so they probably won't send us one this year because they'll think we won't send them one because they didn't last year , don't you think , or shall we '' ? ?
Furthermore -- and this , to me , strikes an especially warming note -- it shall avail the vandals naught to throw away or dispose of their loot .
