The animal should be kept on its belly , with as much of the body as possible covered with damp blankets or sheets to prevent the sun 's rays from burning the sensitive skin . 
So , says Daedalus , a road surfaced with catalytic material should oxidise the surface of his tyres . 
It was only then she saw what she should have noticed immediately : a bunch of keys with one stuck in the lock , many of them hung with labels . 
Uncover the pan and continue cooking until all the moisture has evaporated ; the pan should also be sizzling again and the dumplings golden brown and crisp underneath . 
We have seen accomplished within a few brief months or years reforms to which we should have assigned , not decades , but generations .
Ideally , the disintegration and misintegration of the victim should accomplish the detachment of the victim 's will and intelligence from the victim 's own interests and their attachment to the interests of the exploiter .
You should always ask for a certificate of guarantee when you buy gold or jewelry .
It was a zig-zag orange and blue striped towel , and it should have been dazzling white cotton , with a gold bracelet on his lean bronzed strong-muscled forearm . 
The silk shawl she draped over her shoulders winter and summer was in place ; her mother of pearl brooch was at her neck as it should be and her shoes were shining as immaculately as ever . 
But still to come , should men wear wigs ? 
The stereotype of the Mexican peasant , dwarfed by his sombrero and sitting by a cactus should , perhaps , be more realistically presented as listening to his radio set . 
Daniel Thwaites could find himself in HSE trouble for allowing unsafe practices in his competition -- the gentleman should have been told to wear a hairnet . 
` And if , " said Bith of the Bog-Hat , ` your impress-ship should ever be wanting an armlet or two , or maybe a plain everyday crown circlet , we 'd be happy to oblige . " 
There should have been gloves and protective goggles and face masks to field the resin and varnish dust . 
If they had held it , as they should , over the Patriarch 's head , it might have kept the dew from settling on his mitre . 
Large samples should permit more accurate estimates of prevalence than smaller studies .
For accurate differentiation , larval cultures should be prepared .
The work , I think , crystallized an important change in operatic style which Ben is pioneering , texturally quite different -- spiky , transparent , and a radically different conception of what theatre music should be . 
Benjamin Franklin , the official US representative in France , talented inventor as well as an effective diplomatist , considered that Lafayette himself should be in nominal command , with John Paul Jones leading the actual assault .
The security team should : A : Publish a periodic bulletin and distribute to all residents , advising them how to safely store gaz and logs B : Keep the firefighters alert at all times C : Report any thing that might be a fire hazard D : Warn against the safety of children 's toys E : Urge everyone to take precautions and guard their homes tightly
He should consider his victory a mandate to continue his growth-oriented economic reforms and not a demand that he move further left .
To prepare adequately for a marathon , I think you should allow 26 weeks if you are inexperienced and at least 12 weeks if you have run several .
If in our plans we hope for the best and are prepared for the worst then we should be ready for anything in between .
Now ` we are resuming the kind of growth we should have had " , says Nancy Hobor , vice-president of communications and investor relations .
Um , but I think if we quit , uh , building these Taj Mahals with the color TVs and sixty dollars sixty thousand a year to keep an inmate in there - on a - on a - on a life sentence , we should start hanging them and get it over with and let 's just screwing up the system uh .
READERS with longer memories will recall that Crystal Palace were dubbed The Team Of The Eighties by some people who should have known better and promptly began the decade with a 0-0 draw against Norwich .
The debate about what the WEA was and should be doing had particular point in 1953 , the year the government initiated its own enquiry into adult education .
A TRIAL was halted yesterday after complaints that magistrates had fallen asleep when they should have been listening to evidence .
Um , but I think if we quit , uh , building these Taj Mahals with the color TVs and sixty dollars sixty thousand a year to keep an inmate in there - on a - on a - on a life sentence , we should start hanging them and get it over with and let 's just screwing up the system uh .
He cited growing competition from satellite and cable stations as one of the reasons why the rules should be relaxed .
The new space , which adjoins the current gallery , should be ready at the end of the month .
2- Under no circumstance a car , even that which belongs to the location should be permitted to park next to the fence .
The back end of the truck should end up just abutting the door of the bay .
Fig12 Your feet should be adjusted to this position immediately before you set off .
Place the pool in position , check the edges are level and make any necessary adjustments to the hole , which should be a little wider than the shape
A conciliatory tone should he adopted for a letter of adjustment .
Therefore , it is important to adopt following : 1- The parking lot should be 50 meters away from the fence .
But then the old fool should have been a little less unwashed and boring .
Old soldiers should never return to the colours except in cases of dire necessity .
Why should it stay young while I grow old ?
It should also be noted here , however , that the average duration of unemployment tends to increase with the age of the unemployed .
Small babies -- under the age of six months -- should be kept out of the sun altogether .
Requirements of joining AL QAEDA : 1 - Abiding by AL QAEDA rules , its beliefs and objectives as previously mentioned 2 - Obedience to the leaders in charge as much as possible , without disobeying Islamic rules 3 - No connection between AL QAEDA membership and any other Islamic group 4 - Maintain secrecy in work-related issues 5- Physically healthy ( except in administrative work ) 6- The candidate should not be in question when it comes to religion , integrity or his morality 7- Reciting the pledge of AL-QAEDA .
A team of cancer specialists is pioneering a new type of laser treatment which should help sufferers without the need for major surgery . 
Officials should be clearly headed by a chief executive , the chief officer to the management board and head of the small team of officers who should work closely together . 
The security team should : A : Publish a periodic bulletin and distribute to all residents , advising them how to safely store gaz and logs B : Keep the firefighters alert at all times C : Report any thing that might be a fire hazard D : Warn against the safety of children 's toys E : Urge everyone to take precautions and guard their homes tightly
2- Disputes related to AL-QAEDA missions between member brethren should be judged by qualified personnel , which is carried out by the immediate commander ( Amir ) of the conflicting parties .
Furthermore , numbers of other organizations , large and small , have been involved in a variety of ` alternative " educational projects , and the question arises as to how much autonomy these should retain . 
THOUGH , INITIALLY at least , The Complete Picture will be welcomed automatically and without irony by multitudes of intellectually challenged Smiths-buffs , even their seemingly endless capacity for sub-standard product should be sorely tested by its content . 
“ If I were you , I should provide her immediately with a clutch of grandchildren to look after , and she can go on being happily the same until the day she dies . ” 
This timely handbook should bring the tricks of the trade out of the realm of personal communication , and on to the lab benches of calcium 's ever-widening circle of admirers . 
His model of what computer learning should be like is taken from the ` Samba schools " in Rio de Janeiro , where experts and stars gather a coterie of followers and students to prepare for the carnival . 
Mrs Thatcher is one of the few senior politicians who takes pride in stating her political convictions and insists that policies should derive from a coherent set of principles . 
However , we stressed that the set of terms should not be restricted to those for parts of speech . 
Since a set of standard terms is intended to be used by the drafter 's business client , the drafter should try to make it as clear and comprehensible as possible . 
And added to that , in the future -- should you progress in your apprenticeship -- it will provide you with a repertory of useful explanations . 
That is , each of the samples should be a random representative sample of the whole user population in a specific geographical location and in a given time period . 
The other end of the tank should have a clump of plants floating on the surface . 
He had n't dared to dwell on her in those aging arms lest his rage should drive him to deeds he might regret for the rest of his life .
They should lose their jobs when the " impossible " happens , just as the president of Japan Air Lines quit when an aging jet crashed .
It was a remark he should have reserved for an aging Peruvian marksman called Cubillas .
` It should not only be retained but given the go-ahead for further development , involving new advanced PWRs to replace the aging Magnoxes .
He held none the less , in the light of the medical evidence , that her refusal to undergo treatment at the London specialist centre should be overruled .
TV should stick with fact , or with fiction ; not try to make an uneasy alliance of the two .
Should you have questions or if I can be of assistance in any way , please call me : 317.923.1331 , ext. 248 .
If parents are dissatisfied with a school , they should have the option of switching to another .
Future secondary prevention studies should look at patients with stable or unstable disease and will need to address the comparative efficacy of different statins ( or newer agents ) , assess the incremental benefit of combination therapy [ 30 ] and determine whether there is a serum cholesterol 'floor ' below which reductions are unlikely to provide further clinical benefit .
Garpike embryos , however , possess combinations of features whose investigation should prove valuable in the areas of development , evolution and taxonomy .
He then set about accumulating client records for use should he leave .
Every Koi keeper should have one of these , stored in a cool , dark place .
A Resistance group should use enemy weapons , or stuff that can take enemy ammo -- and the Company just did n't have enough Russian gear then , in the early Fifties .
There ya go Mark , that should give you enough ammo for a good few months yet : - ) )
You should try and amalgamate these DCs so that the total does not exceed 10 .
Middi said yesterday : ` I was very annoyed -- they should have had the courtesy to tell us .
I agree that this appeal should be dismissed .
Viscount Dilhorne had already decided that the appeal should be dismissed before he turned to it .
Any of these vegetables should be briefly blanched to soften them -- even lettuce which we normally eat raw . 
Basque food is traditionally based more on sauces than stews , although you should look out for marmitako , tunny fish stewed with tomatoes , potatoes , green peppers and bread . 
Natural stomachs are not often used now and the casing should be well pricked before the haggis is simmered in a pan of water for 30-40 min . 
However , for the epitome of taste , they should be barbecued .
4- Inside parking lot should be strictly designated to the location 's cars in order to protect them from sabotage .
Also , the visitors with high security clearance should be designated parking spots inside the location .
They sat at a table covered with a checked tablecloth and tiles clicked underfoot ( Mummy brought back the tiles from Spain ) , and there was a big , brick fireplace with horse-brasses and copper pans and the boiler in the middle for the central heating , where there should have been a huge fire .
The distance between the first and fourth bump should be 100 meters , and the distance between the fourth and the sixth should be 50 meters , so cars can not travel fast in the direction of the building 5- Barbed Wires : They should be placed around the building , around the walls , or on top of the walls 6- Nails Obstacle : These are placed at the main gate in order to puncture the tires of any car crashing in
Should anyone be foolish enough to don space armour and climb through the airlock , nothing whatever would be strictly visible -- save for what had already come from the ordinary universe . 
Crucially he arranged these zones every 15° longitude apart : with 360° around the globe , and 24 hours to deal with , simple arithmetic indicated that each zone should be roughly 15° wide . 
Traffic approaching the county through Derby should also follow the above signs . 
I did not know what to do or where to go , so I approached a very nice policeman , told him I was from the country and asked which gate I should use . 
1- Kiosks should be placed at entrance gates to check visitors when approaching the building .
I could n't decide if I should come home to Marin , because my house is on stilts .
1- Kiosks should be placed at entrance gates to check visitors when approaching the building .
3- Entrances to the towers should be totally camouflaged .
The general election which should have come by 1940 seemed unlikely to lead to the return of a majority Labour government but it was postponed because of the declaration of war on 3 September 1939 . 
She would get to work on Maxie just as soon as his presence at home should coincide with hers ; she had not seen him since returning from the tea , except when crawling wearily into bed . 
" But why should one servant return ? "
He could not help but appreciate the dramatic qualities of the situation ; that the richest man in Wall Street should appear in person to plead for a humble and weaker brother .
In the case of fire the usual careful consideration should be given to the cause of the fire to ensure that arson by the policyholder is not suspected . 
It also says major applications will be made available on plug-in cards but , as always , computer buyers should only assess what they can see , not what might turn up who-knows-when .
After his initial assessment the GP requested that a district nurse should visit , assess the wound and recommend an appropriate treatment .
2- Disputes related to AL-QAEDA missions between member brethren should be judged by qualified personnel , which is carried out by the immediate commander ( Amir ) of the conflicting parties .
Corrupted courts should not judge the matter .
It was understandable that the government of each should have tried to reappraise its policies and priorities , and been anxious to explore its range of options .
He argued that Britain 's role in the world should be thoroughly reappraised by Washington .
" My dear , in a moment I shall have to call one of the bearers to assist Mr Hopkins with his natural functions in case it should be necessary .
Anyone who can help the team should contact Rod Jones on Middlesbrough 250325 .
`` The General Assembly should set aside money for a new state health lab , millions of doses of antiviral drugs and a fund to help meet basic needs after a disaster , a legislative panel recommended Thursday .
`` The General Assembly should set aside money for a new state health lab , millions of doses of antiviral drugs and a fund to help meet basic needs after a disaster , a legislative panel recommended Thursday .
However , our criteria for this BOF should be that it helps illuminate and define the problem and advances the understanding needed to define WGs , and I think it is more likely to do that than anything else we are likely to come up with .
RAGETTI : Tide 's comin ' , that should help .
Staff who are capable of giving assistance on any problems that may arise in the use of the system should be available on the telephone at any time during normal working hours .
Should you have questions or if I can be of assistance in any way , please call me : 317.923.1331 , ext. 248 .
In short ( excuse the pun ) , for one reason or another users in the UK would be better served by a better dictionary of abbreviations than this ; US users should be alerted to the fact that the text is British , unedited for American spelling : for ` decagramme , decalitre , decametre ' read ` decagram , decaliter , decameter .
Those wishing to supplement their aging Webster 's Third New International ( Merriam , 1961 ) and unwilling to spend about thirty dollars more for the recent editions of the Random House Unabridged or World Book Dictionary would be very well served by the TBDNE . It should be noted , however , that the TBDNE , in including the work of its predecessors , represents a departure from their approach .
1- The lower part of the tower should serve as a shelter for the guards , when needed .
I should be glad to be able to say afterwards that I had solved it without your help . "
I sprang out , they tried to drag me back , and had it not been for the help of this good man , who led me to the cab , I should never had broken away .
One should not attribute human qualities to natural phenomena , but in a strange way the gentleness with which Mt Pelee buried its victims seemed like a sort of atonement for their deaths . 
` Lightweight dinghies should n't be used unless they are tethered to the shore , " said Peter Race . 
Fix the stencil in place with a spray adhesive , such as SprayMount , and use very little paint ( the brush should be almost dry ) for the best results . 
When fixing into the ceiling , you should ensure that you screw directly into the joists . 
The ends of the coil should be soldered to the termination strips to allow for the later attachment of heavier gauge connecting cable . 
Where the mains leads are soldered to the output socket SK1 the solder joints and tags should be covered with plastic sleeving . 
Ideally , every trailer should be anchored by the ball hitch on to a ball mounted in the ground . 
On this harness the karabiner attachment on the crutch strap is dangerously low and should never be used alone . 
The mandible should not be glued or plastered to the vault . 
Ideally , every trailer should be anchored by the ball hitch on to a ball mounted in the ground . 
` As the boat you were using for your ridiculous smuggling attempt belongs to me I should have thought it was obvious . " 
But the Government likes to submit to free market forces and developers attempt to respond , rather than taking into account where new homes should be built in the best interests of the public . 
Wherever possible , a tenant should endeavour to delete the opening proviso but this is unlikely to be successful in which case the tenant should amend to include a long stop date ( see clause 5.4 ) . 
I remember one time I reported that he had developed a cough and back came a directive that we should try to make an audio recording of it . 
I sprang out , they tried to drag me back , and had it not been for the help of this good man , who led me to the cab , I should never had broken away .
Tutors and students undertaking study for these programmes should familiarise themselves with these regulations .
The Government and Labour have both urged a tougher approach to juvenile crime , but Dr Carey asked : ` Should we be tougher on children ? 
TRAVELLERS who have invaded Downpatrick 's main car park should be barricaded in until they move , a councillor urged today . 
INQUESTS should be replaced with a different procedure , Ulster Unionist MP David Trimble has urged . 
The security team should : A : Publish a periodic bulletin and distribute to all residents , advising them how to safely store gaz and logs B : Keep the firefighters alert at all times C : Report any thing that might be a fire hazard D : Warn against the safety of children 's toys E : Urge everyone to take precautions and guard their homes tightly
Yer should tear 'im orf a strip , "  he admonished the Captain . 
The security team should : A : Publish a periodic bulletin and distribute to all residents , advising them how to safely store gaz and logs B : Keep the firefighters alert at all times C : Report any thing that might be a fire hazard D : Warn against the safety of children 's toys E : Urge everyone to take precautions and guard their homes tightly
He begged that a citizen army should be formed , declaring , ` an untrained man with a rifle would be useless in modern warfare "  . 
Hart exhorts us that ` we should not cherish even as an ideal a rule so detailed that no new choices arise at the point of application "  .6 Unger remarks that ` language is no longer credited with the fixidity of categories and the transparent representation of the world that would make formalism plausible in legal reasoning or in ideas about justice "  . 
The tenant 's adviser should therefore press for an obligation on the landlord to notify the tenant of any application made by him to the President .
The Committee advocated that the density of dwellings in working-class development should not exceed 12 to the acre in urban areas ( 8 in rural areas ) .
Due to the fact we were not aware of any investigations on DBS and mobile phones using other technologies as Universal Mobile Telecommunications System ( UMTS ) we suggest that patients with DBS should take into account the safety recommendations given above .
Greenspan suggested that the government should exercise more `` humility '' in wielding antitrust action because , as in the case of U.S.
I suggest that doctors should end the battle of faith and stand together to assure continued supply of animal insulin for those who need or want it .
Within this task , we suggest that pupils should be asked for three contrasting pieces of writing , for example a short narrative based on a personal experience , a poem , a list of some kind ( eg for a recipe ) , or a factual account based on observation .
May I suggest that , for sheer consistency in the way in which the Opposition present their numbers , they should perhaps choose the Grand Old Duke of York as their theme .
We also recommend that the intelligence committee should have a subcommittee specifically dedicated to oversight , freed from the consuming responsibility of working on the budget .
GAO has previously recommended that reorganizations should emphasize an integrated approach ; that reorganization plans should be designed to achieve specific , identifiable goals ; and that careful attention to fundamental public sector management practices and principles , such as strong financial , technology , and human capital management , are critical to the successful implementation of government reorganizations .
On the evidence from a case series published in 1992 by the manufacturer , Hoffmann-La Roche , the World Health Organisation ( WHO ) recommends that travellers with a personal or family history of seizures or manic-depressive illness should not take mefloquine prophylaxis .
We can also recommend that research efforts should include an ED focus and that emergency medicine experts should be included in the grant review process .
This is where I think the book will be most successful , but this book should not just be limited to young people—I can recommend it to anyone who wants to know about evolution .
The conservative Daily Telegraph , which is strongly supportive of the Ulster Unionists , highlighted the agreement 's weaknesses and , while not recommending a `` no '' vote , said in an editorial that if a majority of the Unionists were to vote negative , their decision should be respected .
This is the defeasibility suggestion ; we require for knowledge that the justification be indefeasible , i.e. that the addition of further truths should not defeat it . 
The manager , though not the supervisor , should normally be in attendance throughout the time when the office is open to the public or to telephone calls from the public .
Second , if the key assumption is valid , Democrats should have lower attendance rates on roll-call votes than Republicans do to the extent that such votes reflect national policy making and that participating in such votes takes away from the time a legislator could otherwise devote to local benefit-seeking .
We should be alert for the side-effects of critical doubt . 
The security team should : A : Publish a periodic bulletin and distribute to all residents , advising them how to safely store gaz and logs B : Keep the firefighters alert at all times C : Report any thing that might be a fire hazard D : Warn against the safety of children 's toys E : Urge everyone to take precautions and guard their homes tightly
This kind of protection should be done without drawing attention so that people inside the location would feel at ease .
To avoid disappointment farmers should be made aware of these pitfalls . 
The basic issue , which Mr Fallon has so far managed to avoid totally in discussing this matter , yet which has made the Catholic community and the county council so anxious and so frustrated , is whether this Government accepts that places in Catholic schools should be provided for Catholic pupils . 
One thing that you should avoid is to give toy horns out at tea and then find the poor entertainer is facing a barrage of noise . 
He should have seen the face of his right hon. Friend the Member for Finchley when he evaded answering a question about the word " federal " .
Girls wishing to avoid such a fate should shun wearing or passing near fairy flowers , such as clumps of harebells or love-in-idleness . 
He should likewise shun all colloquialisms and colloquial abbreviations ( ` it 's , " ` is n't , " etc . ) . 
A person should be aware of the advantages and disadvantages of knowing if he or she has HIV infection , and make the decision depending on their personality and circumstances . 
However , you are not likely to find bargains , and you should be aware that unless you are an expert , you can end up with a fake .
Emphasis should be placed on raising awareness of sexually transmitted diseases including HIV infection and , when possible , providing the means of protection against them . 
This topic is meant to improve pupils ' awareness of ` danger " areas in houses and to inform them of basic safety measures and precautions which should be taken at home . 
These are some of the reasons why we recommend that all children should be given the opportunity to gain pleasure and critical awareness from the study of pre-twentieth-century English literature . 
They should increase awareness of where victims can get help and support . 
Why should I believe these people that one small grey lump which they showed me on a screen is a threat to my life ? 
The social scientist should aim to comprehend the deeper levels of understanding , beyond ordinary conversation . 
Whether the conception and practice of antislavery organisation and methods expanded resources for change in English political culture should then become clearer . 
A broader conception of discretion should include a knowledge about the interactional skills appropriate to the different types of encounter between police and public . 
Conscious that he needed an heir , James now acquired a wife , having instructed the envoy sent to find him a suitable bride that she should not be ` too horrible " . 
` If somebody were fashion conscious when alive , why should they want to be seen dead in something unflattering ? " 
There was no logical reason why they should add to the vague tension he 'd been conscious of all day . 
She knew exactly how Constance should be dressed . 
The result of this inquiry should be known in about two weeks . 
The origin of this custom is not known , but some believe it is to remind society that the stranger at the door should not be forgotten .
They should also , according to most proverbs , be large : There is no light in the house without children ; Nobody knows when a man without daughters dies .
Because they just say there 's either no room in the system , you know , in the jails for them or , you know , it 's just that it seems like the automatic sentences - if - if a judge has leeway on what he 's going to , you know , sentence someone for between , you know , two months and uh fifty years and you know what 's his whim to decide it should be two months .
So to me if somebody has life , you know , beyond a reasonable doubt , they should - that should be it - you know , particularly for some of these really .
It almost should be the first twelve people that they - you know - that have on a list are the ones that are on the jury and that 's it .
" If I didn 't know you were a good man , Walters , I should put a black mark against you for this .
As I have already said , book knowledge should always be used to provide a starting-point . 
The telephone was just as it should be , with no bugging device to turn his private conversations into public knowledge . 
An acquisition provides immediate access to the local deposit market ( and lending opportunities ) while the existing management should be knowledgeable of the local economy .
A trader should never act on the presumption of retrieving his circumstances when he had become flagrantly insolvent . 
I think you should wait for that and do n't make any presumptions about the future of the runway . 
Making yourself aware of bias and adopting alternative usages should prevent the tacit presumption by your reader of the white male as a norm . 
An important presumption to which we should all adhere is that existing frontiers , however inconvenient and however arbitrarily they may have been drawn , are the lines from which we start . 
` There should always be a presumption in favour of development unless there are specific reasons . 
As noted above , there is some indication of the development of a rebuttable presumption that all questions of law should be for the ordinary courts . 
But we reckon there are ten major life-deciding questions that you should know the answers to before you order the flowers . 
` I suspect , " she said , shifting a little to recover firmer standing , ` that should be Professor Hambro ? 
He also recorded his suspicions that those paupers who had gone to prison were now wearing clothes belonging to the workhouse , and enquired whether their own clothes should be sent to them . 
So I got thinking about whether it should bother us that more and more people in the world today are working underground , illegally , outside the legitimate economy . 
I should not have thought you had a nerve in your body . "
Having examined the foundations of these styles of public law thought , we should now seek to test our understanding of them by reference to our experience of the subject . 
Anyone over the age of 50 , and in some fields over the age of 45 ( younger for women ) , should have given a lot of thought to answering an interviewer 's question about age . 
It was agreed that community groups should give some thought to campaigning to have these facilities installed . 
I have given a great deal of thought as to how much I should actually tell you about this period and what just to leave to your imagination . 
He also gave some serious thought to how he should look . 
Such discussion should include thoughts about the form of the drama and its content . 
On one occasion the group were being asked about their thoughts on the question of how pupils who disrupt lessons by walking out should be disciplined . 
The pupils should grow in an understanding of , and sensitivity towards , the beliefs and thoughts of other people in order to contribute to a more harmonious and tolerant society . 
There can never be an excuse for what happened to James Bulger , but we should all hope that some day there will be a better understanding of why it happened . 
There was therefore very limited understanding as to how such rules should be interpreted or enforced . 
I do not consider this ethical in treatment , as I believe that everyone should be fully cognizant of what is happening at each and every stage .
Nevertheless , many Pakistani commentators and politicians have said the country should brace itself for a possible attack by U. S. forces .
Where there are treaty procedures these should be attempted first , unless the necessity for forcible action is overwhelmimg .
But at a Whitehall seminar there was no agreement on how that national grid of optical cables , bringing hundreds of new services to home and business , should be built .
The terms of the agreement cannily provided that the American groups should each equip and run a manufacturing-cum-service facility -- all on one site -- but that the whole show would eventually pass to the Greek government .
I am told that there has been an agreement that some of the contact orders should be varied now but that does not form part of the appeal .
United is also arguing that employee concessions in the deal should be considered ` sweat equity " , reducing BA 's contribution to 35 per cent .
I very much agree with those Labour spokesmen who argued in the past that we should look , above all , at pensioners ' net incomes .
Among his colleagues there was his feoffee John Hoton of Tudhoe , who should probably also be numbered among Gloucester 's Durham associates .
The patrol should be armed with light weapon such as Kalashnikovs and RPGs , and cover the area on foot .
Following this precedent , these long - term evolving E. coli populations should have become streamlined glucose scavengers and evolved a substantially reduced niche .
When the National Research Council published its recommendations for changing the undergraduate training of future life scientists , the BIO2010 report , access to student - based research was a primary recommendation : `` Colleges and universities should provide all students with opportunities to become engaged in research ... `` ( National Research Council 2003 ) .
Requirements of joining AL QAEDA : 1 - Abiding by AL QAEDA rules , its beliefs and objectives as previously mentioned 2 - Obedience to the leaders in charge as much as possible , without disobeying Islamic rules 3 - No connection between AL QAEDA membership and any other Islamic group 4 - Maintain secrecy in work-related issues 5- Physically healthy ( except in administrative work ) 6- The candidate should not be in question when it comes to religion , integrity or his morality 7- Reciting the pledge of AL-QAEDA .
Should you decide to come here , I feel sure that you will discover for yourself the vibrant nature of the place . 
The facts you discovered in the last paragraph are very important and should be learnt . 
It is published by the Specialty Wine Retailers Association and upon reading through it , you should find yourself feeling much cleaner and less soiled than after wading through the misrepresentations of the new wholesaler-sponsored website on H.R. 5034 .
But the Serbs should note a change . 
It should be noted in all these changes that an underlying Government objective is to pass on much of the cost of training to the industry . 
While this could be true , it should be noted that the utility of these fungal species is not limited to BW applications .
` I should recognize him when I see him -- we were playmates . " 
But as long as you spot the early signs you should be okay -- just keep the red bits covered for a few days . 
Provided that the need of slipping is spotted straight away , it should never be necessary to side-slip close to the ground . 
And in every case a perceptive manager should be able to discern a clear pattern . 
This should detect half of affected boys .
Thus engineers should learn about how the public perceives risk and makes risk decisions .
These original works should be separated so that individual indexing and conservation can be carried out .
And the Broadcasting Standards Council began its monitoring of the small screen with a warning from its chairman , Lord Rees-Mogg , that television producers should not impose their own values if they offended the viewing public . 
The producers of films should be aiming to bring pleasure and entertainment , not pandering to the lowest savage instinct , however profitable that may be . 
A camera crew should have arrived and filmed them for a television commercial . 
It is difficult , given Korngold 's Hollywood output , not to imagine this as a mighty movie score , but it is none the worse for that , and those existing admirers of Korngold 's music should get great pleasure from this . 
Meanwhile , here 's a delightfully low-key set of instrumentals that suggests he should write the score for one of those film noir remakes set in small town America . 
Training sessions should be fun , and the dog must be encouraged as an active participant .
For the Royal Family to remain secure they have to remain aloof -- I do not believe that is right , but that is what they should have done .
Software users should operate secure and efficient housekeeping systems to reduce the danger of unauthorized copies being made of programs .
These patrols comb the greater area surrounding the location periodically ; anywhere between 3 and four times a week The patrol should be lead by a security officer in order to take immediate actions if the need arises .
The security team should : A : Publish a periodic bulletin and distribute to all residents , advising them how to safely store gaz and logs B : Keep the firefighters alert at all times C : Report any thing that might be a fire hazard D : Warn against the safety of children 's toys E : Urge everyone to take precautions and guard their homes tightly
How vulnerable is the United States to BW terrorism , and what types of attacks should it be most concerned about ?
Please find attached copies of the self-certificate form , more are available from Personnel should you run out . 
Full details are shown in the attached leaflet ` Important changes to your Home and Personal Policy " , and the Memorandum which should be kept as part of your Policy . 
Ideally , every trailer should be anchored by the ball hitch on to a ball mounted in the ground . 
` Miss Claybury , the most successful way to treat insanity is with kindness , " James told her when she insisted that a particularly deranged woman of middle age should remain chained by the ankle to her bed . 
The compost should be moistened if it begins to become dry and , when germination occurs , the covering should be removed at once , and the seedlings kept in good light , but out of scorching sunlight . 
Fires and camping stoves should , he said , be kept clear of tents and any dry grass and undergrowth , crops , hedges and trees . 
If you are only going to take one form of supplement then desiccated liver should be your choice . 
Through the work experience gained and training provided , participants should be able to compete more effectively for available permanent jobs . 
To the greatest extent possible , California should shift control over interconnection away from th e utility and place that control with the California ISO .
They should have telescopes in order to constantly control the areas around them .
4- They should have a protruding area to better control their surroundings .
Second , if the key assumption is valid , Democrats should have lower attendance rates on roll-call votes than Republicans do to the extent that such votes reflect national policy making and that participating in such votes takes away from the time a legislator could otherwise devote to local benefit-seeking .
2- The towers should be located in a manner where they can easily communicate with one another , and totally cover the area they are guarding .
I should be in some embarrassment if my name were to appear in the newspapers , for instance . " 
I should have known I 'd get myself in trouble by calling names of my favorite editorial illustrators .
Partisanship should be their middle name . 
He resented that and was determined that she should receive some mail at their address , under their married name . 
Should they market keg beers under national brand names or should they return to localised brewing and brand names ? 
If it is necessary to have an outside entrance for the control tower , then access to the location should not be constructed .
Requirements of joining AL QAEDA : 1 - Abiding by AL QAEDA rules , its beliefs and objectives as previously mentioned 2 - Obedience to the leaders in charge as much as possible , without disobeying Islamic rules 3 - No connection between AL QAEDA membership and any other Islamic group 4 - Maintain secrecy in work-related issues 5- Physically healthy ( except in administrative work ) 6- The candidate should not be in question when it comes to religion , integrity or his morality 7- Reciting the pledge of AL-QAEDA .
Where there are treaty procedures these should be attempted first , unless the necessity for forcible action is overwhelmimg .
1- The lower part of the tower should serve as a shelter for the guards , when needed .
There they form the sole basis of the electoral system , and it is therefore indispensable that voters should be allowed to choose between the candidates they include .
2- Kiosks should be placed at key important locations where 24-hour security watch is required .
Any essential communication should be sent in writing and all letters of acceptance should be sent in as a matter of urgency .
It is essential when screwing a mirror to a wall that the wall is flat , and there should be a gap of around 3 mm behind the mirror to allow it to ` breathe " .
We should prefer this to making credit insurance generally mandatory on several grounds .
The provision should be construed liberally in favour of the rent payer since the deduction was mandatory and he could be assessed on the tax with interest and penalties if the deduction was not made .
It is an experience which should be mandatory for every MP .
The IFM says an angling test should at first be voluntary but perhaps become compulsory in the future with anglers losing their licence for breaking a code of practice .
Where a notice of expulsion or compulsory retirement is to be served pursuant to a unanimous vote the question will arise as to whether all the voting partners should be signatories .
In 1880 a further Education Act made schooling compulsory for children between five and ten , and in the 1890s it was established that most elementary education should be free .
The result is an adversarial but illuminating work which , though heavy going in places , should be compulsory reading for all students of English literature and all students of science .
It is incumbent upon you , should you choose to go there , at least to contemplate the idea of Risotto Barbarossa , or even the same gentleman 's kidneys .
Thus you should always look for someone who 's just guarding a patch of the court , standing around looking suspicious .
The buses should have the following : 1- Light armor and rocket launchers 2- Wireless equipment to report dangerous activities 3- Writing materials to jot down suspicious activities or license plate numbers 4- Sand bags around the buses to protect them from gun fire
After removing all the decayed wood , all edged should be made flat and square , to make the strongest joint with the clean material . 
The jar should be lined with damp paper tissue to keep the animal alive . 
In winter the rootstock should be removed and stored in very slightly damp soil and kept cool in a dark place . 
A rich , moist soil adds further to its comfort though it should not be planted with less virile subject . 
Ideally this area should have a tiled floor that can be easily swilled down , plenty of hanging space for rainwear , drying racks for sodden clothing , a wash basin and a lavatory . 
Eggs can be removed for hatching ; they should be kept in a humid place to avoid drying out , but kept clear of the water . 
These moistened globules should be dried on blotting paper and then put in a sealed bottle , and labelled 0/1 . 
It is a fundamental principle of the Bill that the impounded lake should permanently cover the existing mudflats . 
While allied airmen risk their lives in the Arabian desert , politicians in Bonn squabble over whether Germany is bound by treaty to aid Turkey , a NATO partner , should it be attacked by Iraq . 
This should enable computers to give highly detailed information : how many people live within a radius of a certain point , for example , or how many live along a river 's flood plain . 
Leggett has argued that the countries should also be monitoring the effects of global warming on the thinning of the Arctic icecap and the release of methane from thawing tundra , both which could worsen global warming . 
` It was bleak and you should have heard how the wind could blow across those moors . 
It seemed absolutely pathetic that , at her relatively young age , she should be feeling so tired and weary at the end of each day . 
` You mean if I got kind of aroused right now , I should n't fight it or flounder , or try to control it , but just be it . " 
With your stomach nicely fibre-full from other meals you should not , at least , arrive at the restaurant table like a ravenous wolf . 
Any good weight loss regime should not lead to extreme hunger ; it should be so easy that you can stick with the diet until all the weight is off . 
Dr John Eagles , of the Ross Clinic in Aberdeen , recommends that anyone suffering from excessive sleepiness only during the winter months should consider the possibility of Seasonal Affective Disorder ( SAD ) . 
Dr Neil Douglas , Director of The Scottish National Sleep Laboratory , says : ` Anybody who is falling asleep once a day when not in bed should consult their GP to have their sleepiness sorted out . " 
That fat Cockney with his stupid tattoos and his jocular manner and his dirty jokes ; he should have dumped him in the canal ! 
A good mascara should lengthen , curl and separate with one application -- the fatter the brush , the thicker and fuller your lashes will be as more colour adheres to it . 
Three : portly old men should use belt and braces , in case their trousers burst open ; the belt hides the disaster . 
She was an extraordinary human being , and it was a damn shame that her personality and talents should have been encased in that little dumpy body of hers . 
If you are tall and lean , so should your drawn image be ; all this will help you to feel more intimately involved with the figure you are drawing . 
MIAMI ( AP ) --- Pediatric neurosurgeon John Ragheb had doubts whether he should even try to operate on the pigtailed 9-year-old .
` Those meetings are about as bearable as a boil in the wrong place -- though this one should be more interesting than most . 
You should not get blisters if you have taken the trouble to fit your boots as we have suggested . 
The patient should be nursed in a comfortable position which should be changed frequently to avoid pressure sores . 
The priest made us sit next to him on footstools ; he bent his red face towards us and whispered that we should become the angels of our homes and his . 
` You should n't speak like that to Ocker , " she would declaim , false eyelashes flapping in time with her false loyalty , ` he works terribly hard for us . 
The yellow-jacketed policeman shuffled uneasily from foot to foot , uncertain of what they should be doing now . 
Billy had just shuffled from one foot to the other and blushed as all dutiful sons should do . 
I shudder to think what kind of life I should have had with him . 
He had n't dared to dwell on her in those aging arms lest his rage should drive him to deeds he might regret for the rest of his life . 
` There , now -- that should fill the bellies of those young fellows , " he remarked with satisfaction . 
No other part of your body nor any part of your clothing should touch the spade -- only your ear . 
I should not have thought you had a nerve in your body . "
I contend that the only way one person should kiss off another is face to face .
I should have sat up , eyes staring and sweat pouring off my forehead like in some old Hammer Brothers movie . 
And do you think he should have dark hair or blond hair ? " 
If it were the devil himself a constable on duty should never thank God that he could not lay his hands upon him .
These two creatures -- Blessed and the yak -- are indistinguishable in build and hairiness , though it should be noted that the latter moves on all fours and has horns . 
The tail flukes radiate heat from the body most effectively , and they should be consistently cooled with water to avoid overheating . 
His fingertip barely touched the place it should have been , but the smile had faded , replaced by tension , and Luke 's eyes darkened in response to the turbulence that had entered hers . 
` Hold your tongue for a second , " he seethed down the phone , anxious that none of his guests should overhear him . 
With the correct grip -- size , that is -- the top of the two middle fingers should almost touch the fleshy base part of the thumb at address . 
` Why should they ? " says Brian Everthorpe , tipping his chair back on its rear legs and hooking his thumbs in his waistcoat pockets . 
I should have kept my mouth shut because he manoeuvred his machine until it was touching my midriff . 
Hallucigenia 's tentacles appear to be singletons ; if they are in fact legs , they should come in pairs . 
Analogies played almost as important a part in the system as affinities did ; animals with long snouts should occupy a place similar to birds with long bills , for example . 
If these debt securities are retired before maturity , the difference , if any , between the reacquisition price and the net carrying value of the extinguished debt should be recognized as a gain or loss by the fund that owned the securities .
If these debt securities are retired before maturity , the difference , if any , between the reacquisition price and the net carrying value of the extinguished debt should be recognized as a gain or loss by the fund that owned the securities .
In that state , Paul talked more than he should ; and boasted to Edwin of his engagement to a lady whose grandfather was the Earl of Holden in Warwickshire . 
He should have gone forever once the drug testers in Seoul four years ago established that the boastful arm he raised to Carl Lewis was actually saluting a lie .
Your brain needs oxygen and that means you should breathe plenty of fresh air . 
Personal stereos , electronic games , etc . should not be brought to school . 
Um I personally think to set a mark with the judicial system and we 're talking about criminal - criminal cases that they should bring back .
1- The fence which is built out of bricks or concrete should be 4 meters high , then topped with one meter high barbed wire fence .
3- Secret gates should be built 50 meters apart to be used for emergency only .
6- If the location is in a highly dangerous zone , then two parallel fences should be built to be 3 meters apart .
Um , but I think if we quit , uh , building these Taj Mahals with the color TVs and sixty dollars sixty thousand a year to keep an inmate in there - on a - on a - on a life sentence , we should start hanging them and get it over with and let 's just screwing up the system uh .
Passageways for cars and pedestrians should be designated 4- Road bumps : Six successive bumps should be constructed at 500 meters from the location .
If it is necessary to have an outside entrance for the control tower , then access to the location should not be constructed .
Care should be taken when working with soffits made from any material containing asbestos .
They should come forward and let us piece together the jigsaw . ”
The following should be considered when erecting fences:
5- No other outside gates should be erected .
He knew what it meant that Marcus should stay in the room whilst Bill managed for three consecutive hours to make a series of acceptably banal factual observations . 
When I went to live in the attic , Jean-Claude still took it for granted that the wood he needed for the stove should be filched from the railway sidings . 
Look , when you enter the bathroom and turn to your right , there should be two metres to the bathroom wall . 
Nobody had said what Marcus should do : the result was that he appeared to do little or nothing , spoke minimally and was increasingly reluctant to leave his bedroom or the house . 
It permits homes to be locked up at night , although it states : ` On no account should children be locked into their bedrooms at night whatever their age and competence . " 
There was no reason why I should n't live in my chambers in the Temple -- but I lived there as Colonel Blair . 
I do feel a bit guilty though , having nice guitars sitting in a closet ; they should be out there howling . " 
It should have powers to order compensation for the public and add an office in Scotland to look after Scottish complaints . 
But when the owners later asked for permission to erect a temporary office , they were told the greenhouse itself should have had permission … and it would have to come down . 
I do n't know why makers leave nuts high in this way ; if they have real confidence in their necks , they should set nuts up perfectly before the guitars leave the workshop . 
` I think you should know , " he said , ` that Gallagher forced Luke to admit that he was one of the party that burnt down Gallagher 's house . " 
Anyway , surely two professional people , both chartered accountants and married to each other , should be able to live in a house that was once worth £425,000 . 
My Lords , section 87 does not stipulate that the successor must have resided at a particular house for 12 months but only that he should have resided with the deceased tenant for that period . 
A house is burning down ; it contains an intellectual and a chambermaid ; which one should we save first ? 
I could n't decide if I should come home to Marin , because my house is on stilts .
If it is necessary to have an outside entrance for the control tower , then access to the location should not be constructed .
1- The lower part of the tower should serve as a shelter for the guards , when needed .
Going up the tower should be from inside .
2- The towers should be located in a manner where they can easily communicate with one another , and totally cover the area they are guarding .
3- Entrances to the towers should be totally camouflaged .
The location should have a fence with towers that is equipped with visual and aural equipment .
The security team should : A : Publish a periodic bulletin and distribute to all residents , advising them how to safely store gaz and logs B : Keep the firefighters alert at all times C : Report any thing that might be a fire hazard D : Warn against the safety of children 's toys E : Urge everyone to take precautions and guard their homes tightly
It seems that in compensation it was agreed that Italy should build a hospital in Ethiopa . 
Anyone with information on the whereabouts of the original minutes of the Construction Committee who built the hospital should contact the Office of Archives at the Royal . 
Does he accept that another element of the patients charter in this day and age should be that hospitals are constructed in a way that shows that we have learnt the lessons of the past ? 
Special considerations : the appellant was originally put on probation with a requirement that he should reside at a probation hostel which specialised in providing treatment for young men guilty of indecent assault . 
` Should I book 'em on a charge of indecent behaviour in a public place or should I jes " book 'em into a motel an' let 'em git on with it ? " 
Then , as now , the norm was that young married couples should live in a residence separate from those of their families of origin , and the three-generational household was as rare then as it is now . 
Even small floating pieces should be collected as these may contain caterpillars in the process of constructing their shelters . 
1- The lower part of the tower should serve as a shelter for the guards , when needed .
The crypt ( which could go back to the first basilica to be built on the site , in the ninth century AD ) , should be completely restored within a year . 
Norman glanced despairingly about ; perhaps he should simply blow the garage up . 
After spending nearly a year living in the garage of a house in Jakarta , three are now in a biomedical research laboratory , and seven are caged in a holding facility in a burnt-out forest area in Kalimantan ( the Indonesian half of the island of Borneo ) where it is proposed that a rehabilitation centre should be built . 
1- Kiosks should be placed at entrance gates to check visitors when approaching the building .
2- Kiosks should be placed at key important locations where 24-hour security watch is required .
3- The Kiosk should be designed to stand all weather conditions , and provide a full coverage of the area it is placed at .
4- The Kiosk should be equipped with wireless communication equipment , and a mechanist to open and close the gate automatically .
Boris rushed from the kitchen into the luncheon tent erected by the side of the Pavilion , hotly pursued by Auguste , determined that no Russian should mar the perfection of a table which he had himself approved . 
On it a pavilion was built , joined by separate bridges to the French and Spanish banks of the river , so that neither minister should have to pass through foreign territory . 
On 26 April 1792 it was agreed that Messrs Howell and Russell should build the stables for £2,850 . 
Four members of the sprint squad missed the bus and arrived at the stadium later than they should have for the morning heats . 
They reached Catte Street and Corbett decided they should stay in the tavern where they had stabled their horses . 
The facts were that Chetnik constructed two warehouses under a consent granted under the London Buildings Acts 1930-1939 , the consent being subject to a condition that the buildings should not be occupied until the consent of Tower Hamlets had been obtained to the proposed user . 
Dublin theater is legendary , and no visitor should miss seeing a performance at the Abbey Theatre or Gate Theatre .
The distance between the first and fourth bump should be 100 meters , and the distance between the fourth and the sixth should be 50 meters , so cars can not travel fast in the direction of the building 5- Barbed Wires : They should be placed around the building , around the walls , or on top of the walls 6- Nails Obstacle : These are placed at the main gate in order to puncture the tires of any car crashing in
2- The thickness of the fence should be 60 cm and the distance between it and the building should be 2 meters .
1- Kiosks should be placed at entrance gates to check visitors when approaching the building .
I fucked up , and I should face it . " 
Um , but I think if we quit , uh , building these Taj Mahals with the color TVs and sixty dollars sixty thousand a year to keep an inmate in there - on a - on a - on a life sentence , we should start hanging them and get it over with and let 's just screwing up the system uh .
Robert was sacrificing his practice , along with his great interest in the zoo , in order that she should have no opposition . 
I proposed that the Government should initially retain a 51 per cent stake in the new company .
Contributors emphasized that purity was a positive advance for women and that the paper 's editors should declare themselves on the side of reverence and self-control .
Otherwise your local paper should have files .
These patrols comb the greater area surrounding the location periodically ; anywhere between 3 and four times a week The patrol should be lead by a security officer in order to take immediate actions if the need arises .
The first weekend in September should be a closed date and I hope in future years the folly of playing games on national finals day will not be repeated . 
So next weekend when you come back off the induction you should be fired up , let's see what we 're really gon na to do here yeah . 
UK prices have not yet been set , they should be out this Wednesday , the company assures us . 
`` The General Assembly should set aside money for a new state health lab , millions of doses of antiviral drugs and a fund to help meet basic needs after a disaster , a legislative panel recommended Thursday .
`` The General Assembly should set aside money for a new state health lab , millions of doses of antiviral drugs and a fund to help meet basic needs after a disaster , a legislative panel recommended Thursday .
Today should be interesting as people realize how hard life is going to be here for a while .
Um , but I think if we quit , uh , building these Taj Mahals with the color TVs and sixty dollars sixty thousand a year to keep an inmate in there - on a - on a - on a life sentence , we should start hanging them and get it over with and let 's just screwing up the system uh .
It is also proposed that widescale improvements and expansions to existing roads should take place in the next decade . 
Maybe I delivered my opinion more bluntly than I should have , but I had always been candid with Ted . 
The problem for the teacher is how and in what contexts it should be made explicit to pupils . 
Why should he -- he has his own career , his own life and he 's pretty forthright on many things -- and a very good thing , too . 
Well , if that 's the reason they should at least be honest about it . 
Campeanu was outspoken in his criticism of the idea that dollars channelled through private corporations should be accepted . 
Why anyone should be so secretive as to hide the notebook in a room that was already so well hidden he could not imagine . 
Both books imply what childhood should be like by being very straightforward about the present reality for all too many of the world 's children . 
I wish I could give you a simple straightforward answer , like " Each joke should be separated from the one before it by at least 1050 words ' . 
Environmental assessments are important and they should be truthful and comprehensive . 
The Minister should not give us that disingenuous stuff about new equity , which is not meant to assist with buying Scottish Bus Group companies . 
It startled her that he should know this much when she had tried so hard to be circumspect in making her enquiries . 
It is no accident that the ingenuous and unpretentious Lady Clavering should have left to professionals the task of deciding what is , and what is not , good taste . 
This is an example of why you should judge catalogues -- and nurseries -- by the candour , honesty and fullness of the information they provide . 
That should be able to cover most needs .
In many parts of the world it is seen as essential for the success of the global services that they should be able to recognize , store , and present textual information like personal and organizational names , represented in the character sets used by those concerned .
Your processor should be able to tell you this information .
Authors should be able to control the settings for this and for literals .
Specifically , I feel ( quite strongly ) that the user should be able to specify any old charset and have display at least attempted at the other end .
Anyone who wants to appreciate just how bizarre this situation is -- with students who ca n't add or subtract `` learning '' the conceptual basis of mathematical theory -- should read the article by Caleb Nelson ( himself a recent math major at Harvard ) in the November American Spectator .
5- Cars parked inside the location should have their front facing the fence so they could be used quickly in case of emergency .
The area patrol is different from the single patrol in that : 1- It has a vehicle equipped with a machine gun 2- It can use horses to canvass the area , but the patrol should be formed of 2 or 3 people at least
-- Students should move up the educational ladder as their academic potential allows .
An acquisition strategy should be formulated to bridge the gap between corporate objectives and the company 's existing capability to achieve those objectives .
Most wheats in his area look ` superb " and a plant 's capacity to compensate for blind sites should not be forgotten , he adds .
Whichever of these two forms are chosen , the goal should be a structure - codified by resolution with powers expressly granted and carefully limited - allowing a relatively small group of members of Congress , given time and reason to master the subject and the agencies , to conduct oversight of the intelligence establishment and be clearly accountable for their work .
Saddam Hussein 's actions are a response to Third World powerlessness -- and one we should expect to see more of .
Since sexism is unjust you should make it a point to put women in positions where they have a chance to overcome their historic powerlessness .
1- The fence which is built out of bricks or concrete should be 4 meters high , then topped with one meter high barbed wire fence .
2- The thickness of the fence should be 60 cm and the distance between it and the building should be 2 meters .
6- If the location is in a highly dangerous zone , then two parallel fences should be built to be 3 meters apart .
The area patrol is different from the single patrol in that : 1- It has a vehicle equipped with a machine gun 2- It can use horses to canvass the area , but the patrol should be formed of 2 or 3 people at least
3- Request for vacation travel should be submitted two and a half months before the travel date .
Because they just say there 's either no room in the system , you know , in the jails for them or , you know , it 's just that it seems like the automatic sentences - if - if a judge has leeway on what he 's going to , you know , sentence someone for between , you know , two months and uh fifty years and you know what 's his whim to decide it should be two months .
No student should be permitted to be graduated from elementary school without having mastered the 3 R 's at the level that prevailed 20 years ago .
6- If the location is in a highly dangerous zone , then two parallel fences should be built to be 3 meters apart .
These patrols comb the greater area surrounding the location periodically ; anywhere between 3 and four times a week The patrol should be lead by a security officer in order to take immediate actions if the need arises .
The area patrol is different from the single patrol in that : 1- It has a vehicle equipped with a machine gun 2- It can use horses to canvass the area , but the patrol should be formed of 2 or 3 people at least
The ditch should be 30 centimeters deep and 20 centimeters wide .
The distance between the first and fourth bump should be 100 meters , and the distance between the fourth and the sixth should be 50 meters , so cars can not travel fast in the direction of the building 5- Barbed Wires : They should be placed around the building , around the walls , or on top of the walls 6- Nails Obstacle : These are placed at the main gate in order to puncture the tires of any car crashing in
Um , but I think if we quit , uh , building these Taj Mahals with the color TVs and sixty dollars sixty thousand a year to keep an inmate in there - on a - on a - on a life sentence , we should start hanging them and get it over with and let 's just screwing up the system uh .
The distance between the first and fourth bump should be 100 meters , and the distance between the fourth and the sixth should be 50 meters , so cars can not travel fast in the direction of the building 5- Barbed Wires : They should be placed around the building , around the walls , or on top of the walls 6- Nails Obstacle : These are placed at the main gate in order to puncture the tires of any car crashing in
3- Secret gates should be built 50 meters apart to be used for emergency only .
Therefore , it is important to adopt following : 1- The parking lot should be 50 meters away from the fence .
Because they just say there 's either no room in the system , you know , in the jails for them or , you know , it 's just that it seems like the automatic sentences - if - if a judge has leeway on what he 's going to , you know , sentence someone for between , you know , two months and uh fifty years and you know what 's his whim to decide it should be two months .
These patrols comb the greater area surrounding the location periodically ; anywhere between 3 and four times a week The patrol should be lead by a security officer in order to take immediate actions if the need arises .
1- The fence which is built out of bricks or concrete should be 4 meters high , then topped with one meter high barbed wire fence .
The ditch should be 30 centimeters deep and 20 centimeters wide .
2- The thickness of the fence should be 60 cm and the distance between it and the building should be 2 meters .
Um , but I think if we quit , uh , building these Taj Mahals with the color TVs and sixty dollars sixty thousand a year to keep an inmate in there - on a - on a - on a life sentence , we should start hanging them and get it over with and let 's just screwing up the system uh .
You must be in a position to support your mother if anything should befall myself . 
It is astonishing that health ministersn now grappling with the financial disasters of the NHS internal market further down the line , should be so complacent in the early stages of their much-vaunted mixed economy of care . 
`` The General Assembly should set aside money for a new state health lab , millions of doses of antiviral drugs and a fund to help meet basic needs after a disaster , a legislative panel recommended Thursday .
No one had ever raised a hand to her in anger , and woe betide him if he should decide to be the first man to try . 
This is the very last thing that should ever suffer in a time of recession or emergency when people 's belts have to tighten . 
This should effectively see off any disease which it appears the Regal Tang is suffering from . 
If by some mischance the Government are returned for a fourth term , I should be surprised if child benefit survives to the end of their term . 
They say that ` nothing happens to the bad ` uns " , but it seemed unbelievable that misfortune should strike Arthur yet again directly after his triumphs at the Horse of The Year Show . 
Some medical practitioners undertake research : should such people be categorised as doctors or scientists ? 
The school day should be extended for older pupils , with many activities currently classed as voluntary or extra-curricular brought within the normal working framework of the school timetable . 
One must expect this and while we are trying to understand fully the development of dune shapes and dune systems , it is necessary that researchers should classify dunes on a descriptive basis . 
This result should be interpreted cautiously because serial biopsies were not available in these tumours . 
The key word is ` generally " and its interpretation does leave some room for discussion as to exactly which assets should be included as money . 
But I should stress that this is still very much a personal interpretation by somebody only marginally involved in the market . 
These include statutory backing for a register of authorities and individuals considered competent to release genetically altered organisms and a committee to advise on whether individual such releases should be permitted .
He should consider his victory a mandate to continue his growth-oriented economic reforms and not a demand that he move further left .
Over two-thirds agreed that if they had caused damage to their own clothes at work , the company should not be liable for repairs . 
Teachers should never treat non-standard dialect as sub-standard language but should recognise the intimate links between dialect and identity and the damage to self-esteem and motivation which can be caused by indiscriminate ` correction " of dialect forms . 
Of course , this should induce anaesthesia and a reduced impact when the ground finally arrives .
I could n't decide if I should come home to Marin , because my house is on stilts .
Marx 's and Engels 's views about slavery should also be modified in the light of more recent work .
If latent inhibition and habituation reflect the operation of a common mechanism , then procedural variations that modify the magnitude of one of these phenomena should have a similar effect on the other .
I have got to alter myself so completely that at the end I should hardly be recognisable as the same person .
Once the machine has been defrosted there should be some means of disposing of the defrost water . 
Despite competing in a market that is shrinking fast , it reckons the extra appeal of the GT and G40 should increase 1991 sales by 7000 over the 30,000 sold last year . 
These totals could quickly be increased should Iran make the decision to either purchase additional systems from the DPRK or accelerate Shehab-3 production .
He should do more to reduce tax rates on wealth and income , in recognition of the fact that those cuts yield higher , not lower , revenues .
First , they should have significant input/output linkages so primary energy sectors for example , would lower fuel costs across the economy , and steel expansion would generate external economies in shipbuilding or motor vehicles . 
You should crank Slayer 's Reign in Blood some time .
The fatwa was and remains an affront to civilised values , for which Iran should be held accountable for as long as the command stands unrescinded .
Small cracks should be enlarged by chipping out more concrete to make a V-shaped channel . 
It is also proposed that widescale improvements and expansions to existing roads should take place in the next decade . 
Some first degrees should also be lengthened to four years . 
We made good progress , but a combination of better health promotion , screening and treatment should deliver say , a twenty five per cent reduction by the end of the century . 
The sentence was that he should be boiled in oil , the current punishment for prisoners . 
Should I cut off his fingers for daring to draw blood from your precious wife ? " 
This they failed to do and to end the sorry spectacle an order came that the executioner should cut his head off . 
She knew she should hit Zulei . 
After the night Quigley had kicked my head in , I had finally seen something I should have seen a long time ago . 
Surely we should follow the example of Jesus in confronting the woman taken in adultery , who was about to be stoned . 
Well , someone should hurt them back . 
Rep . Tony Hall , D- Ohio , did not call for a lifting of sanctions imposed on Iraq for its 1990 invasion of Kuwait , but said the United Nations should make sure that sanctions do not hurt innocent Iraqis .
And if I do escape extinction I shall most likely be black and blue from this wood digging into my back -- and I should n't be surprised if you 've broken my wrist . " 
He rushed towards her so violently that Miss Fogerty put out her hands to grasp his shoulders before he should butt her to the ground . 
In most cases the accused will strike the officer who should describe the assault in detail . 
` You should have smacked him a good one when you had the chance ! " 
Should you smack her ? 
` I should slap you for that remark but you 're not worth soiling my hands with . 
` That should do it , " Bloxham said , slamming the boot and offering his hand for shaking .
" You should get Marcus out of your house , " she said , rattling a handful of cutlery 
Working dogs -- even those dragging sledges across the snow for days on end -- should not look like hat stands . 
I sprang out , they tried to drag me back , and had it not been for the help of this good man , who led me to the cab , I should never had broken away .
Any engine machining company should be able to bore out your head and press in the valve seat inserts ( ETC 6278 ) and recut them . 
Firms that should be investing and preparing are throwing overboard , just to survive , research , design and everything , including model changes and investment , to struggle through a depression that the Government have created . 
The equipment should be heated until very hot and switched off . 
The glue should be spread on one surface only and if the material is cold to the touch , it should be gently warmed to ensure a better bond . 
It was even proposed that the brains of the babies should be cooled in order to prevent brain damage . 
The tail flukes radiate heat from the body most effectively , and they should be consistently cooled with water to avoid overheating . 
` It should be chilled . " 
I believe , however , that Schröder has amalgamated two issues — screening and treatment of early prostatic cancer — into one when they should be argued separately . 
But why do physicists want to unify phenomena , should they try to , and do the data justify their claims ? 
Items should be withdrawn and dried rapidly after boiling has finished and on no account should they be left soaking . 
It should take only two or three minutes to fully develop the board in this manner , and the board is then rinsed with water and dried carefully . 
A special set of glassware should be designated for media preparation , rinsed and soaked in double-distilled water immediately after use , washed in double-distilled water only and dried in a hot oven . 
Driftwood from freshwater should be dried out at least and probably boiled or disinfected to remove any insect inhabitants or potential fungus or bacterial problems . 
It made her feel as if she should be sharpening her sword in preparation .
The soil should be kept moist , but never saturated , by sprinkling it gently with water from time to time .
Very dry plaster , or other high-suction backgrounds should be dampened immediately before fixing the cove . 
` If you feed a powder supplement the feed should be dampened , so that if the horse blows through his nose , he does n't blow the powder onto the floor ! " 
But at least the new developments should ease the diplomatic impasse that has kept relations between Japan and the Soviet Union frozen for 46 years .
` Moira kept telling Jett that he should n't be having to do so much touring , that he should be concentrating on short tours of big venues like Wembley and the NEC .
Only time will tell if the ban will be lifted on Friday … ironic then that the clock should stop half way through today 's announcement , and refuse to start again .
Rep . Tony Hall , D- Ohio , did not call for a lifting of sanctions imposed on Iraq for its 1990 invasion of Kuwait , but said the United Nations should make sure that sanctions do not hurt innocent Iraqis .
Brahmadaitya are kind to humans , though should one be foolish enough to chop down the palm tree where this spirit lives , the offender 's neck will be snapped , like a twig . 
Appealing to rather different sentiments , there are strong grounds for arguing that scientists should take social responsibility for the technology they develop .
In October 1991 , the Iranian vice president said that if Israel kept its atomic bombs then Muslims should collectively develop their own .
This Trog , character should be shown worshiping Joan Crawford . ''
It ran contrary both to his upbringing and personal code of behaviour that men should show emotion .
Keegan said : ` Franz thought he should be in the team to show what he could do .
She crept stealthily along the gallery , not daring to put on a light in case she should wake Luke , past his room , feeling carefully in the half-darkness . 
All the same , it is important that the trainee should have as broad a base as possible , particularly if he is not certain which field is likely to offer the best opening . 
She thought that it was odd that she should be so certain of Beuno 's allegiance with her against one of his countrymen , but she had no doubts of him . 
They should see to it that their kids do n't play truant ; they should make certain that the children spend enough time doing homework ; they should scrutinize the report card .
He is confident the event should prove popular and has ordered more beer to meet the expected high demand . 
I would n't say it was a particularly woman-centred experience but I did feel confident in the skills of the midwives and the doctors and knew that there were all the necessary facilities should anything go wrong . 
` I just do n't think you should have told them that I do n't have any confidence with women . " 
I am convinced that it should be the goal of every concerned person to share in that task of educating people to think and behave ecologically . 
Her military prowess should not have been doubted . 
It is important however that the manager should set down the areas where responsibility for decisions is vested in the surveyor in order that any uncertainty regarding delegated authority is kept to an absolute minimum . 
What puzzled observers was that , if the umpires were unsure who caused the collision , prompting a green flag , why should they penalise Conner ? 
He was unsure how he should handle her . 
If there is any doubt about being able to prove this point successfully the prosecution should consider other offences . 
If there is any doubt as to whether the proposed offer is serious the Panel should be consulted . 
Mary Neal began to call in doubt the authenticity of Kimber 's version of the dances , but Sharp used Kimber , who supported him throughout the battles , as his yardstick of what the morris should be . 
If you have any doubts about your particular model , then you should consult the manufacturers , importers , specialist shop , or local expert for advice on the subject . 
That 's one which defines , while you are totally fit , whether you want your life artificially prolonged should you be struck down by an incapacitating illness or accident .
Tripoli postponed the elections until February ; Ajdabiyans confidently expected them on 1 February , and after that day the chairman of the local Assembly telephoned Tripoli each afternoon to ask if he should hold the poll . 
Any vulnerable parts should be treated with zinc oxide plaster , so the skin hardens overnight . 
Yes , as soon as the surface has hardened enough not to be marked , it should be covered with a polythene sheet to prevent it from drying out too quickly . 
You should just elect people to Parliament and have collective responsibility . 
Instead of worrying about how to make the RUC acceptable to the minority , O'Neill should have been using the legitimate power of the state to crush an illegal insurrection . 
Conversely Mortimer should not have invoked the earls to revolt against the king . 
He believed , quite rightly , that there should be evolution and not revolution to achieve Service unification . 
We should not fool ourselves that this is a great working-class uprising as a prelude to socialist revolution . "  
Charlemagne and the pope had received information from certain persons that Offa was suggesting that the Frankish king should depose Hadrian and replace him with a new pope of Frankish extraction . 
In the event of the sand liquefying below the basement , the soil should still be able to support the building . 
The specimen should be cold and in a cool room , otherwise the acetone will evaporate too quickly from its surface . 
The specimen should be left for at least half an hour for the acetone to evaporate . 
Bring to the boil and cook until all of the liquid has evaporated -- the beans should be glossy and bright green . 
Why should the North American glaciers have melted so irregularly ? 
The unit will automatically activate if submerged , but should be activated prior to diving , either by immersing it in water or placing moistened fingertips on the two on contacts .
But with electricity prices expected to increase 50 per cent by 2010 , the extra cost of power should , in itself , lead consumers to increase their own energy efficiency . 
An increase from eleven to seventeen in the number of the latter should not throw us ! 
The revenue gained from this reform should be used so that contributions rise by single percentage points over bands of income up to the upper earnings limit .
If all goes well , our own production of cholesterol should decrease in relation to the amount we take in from outside . 
Electricity demand is likely to grow by between 2% and 2.3% for the remainder of the century and by the year 2000 nuclear energy should be contributing some 40% of demand . 
Figure 16-3 implies that cutting income tax rates may eliminate some of the deadweight burden of distortionary taxation , but governments should probably expect their tax revenue to decline if such policies are put into effect . 
Business failures , which have rocketed to a staggering 76 a day , should also decline . 
If they are too low , then the Earth 's temperature would fluctuate more than it should . 
Earnings per share before exceptional items should climb 12.1 per cent to 25.1 p , while a final dividend of 6.65 p will lift the total by 11.1 per cent to 11.5 p .
Your partner should be lying down on his or her back with a cushion or rolled up towel under the knees to prevent any strain in the lumbar region .
If parents are dissatisfied with a school , they should have the option of switching to another .
The President said that if the United States and Pakistan were really serious in wishing to settle the Afghan problem they should acknowledge the new reality in Afghanistan , where seven months after the departure of Soviet troops the PDPA had become more united and strengthened , while the guerrillas were in total disarray .
Should substantial sections of the population feel excluded , then there are dangers of alienation , lawlessness and damaging social divisions .
Following various letters and telephone conversations with yourself and with Mr Clegg from your department , I should now like to make the following request from Wyre Borough Council Leisure Services Committee . 
If there is no room in which interviews can be conducted , the nurse and patient should be seated near to each other so that they can converse quietly . 
` Sometimes I do n't think we should speak again either . 
Um I personally think to set a mark with the judicial system and we 're talking about criminal - criminal cases that they should bring back .
She was longing to tell them everything , but even five-year-olds gossip and it was vital , at this stage , that no one should know . 
Salty foods such as ham , bacon and other salted meats should be eaten sparingly . 
He would show her the hives , he would tell her he would be as faithful as a bee , and life should be of the sweetest honey . 
This very rich and delicious dish should be served with plain boiled rice or jacket potatoes and a boiled or steamed green vegetable such as Calabrese or Brussels sprouts . 
As a general rule , mild mustards should be served with spicy foods and hot , fiery varieties to enliven bland food . 
The experimental jays should learn that the colour pattern is associated with unpalatable food ; the control jays should not . 
This door was always kept closed so that the strong odours of tobacco , cigarettes , cigars , and leather goods should not permeate into the sweet shop . 
Despite suggestions that he should bathe every day , he still suffers from smelly feet and bad breath . 
If its research is successful , it should mean the end of mass-produced tomatoes that are tasteless because they are picked before they are fully ripe to prevent wastage during handling . 
Other choices include : should you pick well-known texts or little-known texts ?
The absence of any link between " fish " and " fork " confirms the choice that the prepositional phrase " with a fork " should be attached to " ate " . 
Cypress ' Sparc ` sunsidiary " Ross Technology shipped only about $3.9m worth of product last quarter and its continued existence should Sun not opt for the HyperSparc is in doubt .
Shaikh Hamad 's observation that borders within the Arab world should remain as they were at independence was , however , interpreted as an indication of Bahrain 's continued claim to the islands .
`` A public statement calling for clemency by Shell 's top executive should be added to the international appeals already received by Gen. Abacha , '' Fleischman said .
For a start , a flue which has had its fireplace closed , should also have had its chimney capped . 
When the boot is laced up , your heel should be held firmly and you should not be able to move it about . 
The case turns on whether he could or should have seen the case in the back of the lorry when he was lacing it up . 
But things have come to a pretty pass when obesity is confused with the wobbly bits the good Lord designed for girls -- the bits that should stick out at the front and back of a strapless ballgown . 
Grubby white sports socks should first be soaked in a biological detergent solution or with Stain Devils Stainsalts added to the washing water . 
Rab paid his money and took Winnie 's wine ; he spilled a little , feeling so skinny : his trousers flapped around his legs and he should be out ? 
As a rule , a striped tie should never be worn with a striped shirt , although Paul Smith frequently breaks that one with gusto . 
Worth noting are new microfibre/fleece jackets due out soon from Karrimor and Berghaus , which should be technical garments well suited to climbing and walking . 
Designed to be part of the Karrimor 's technical Baltoro mountain range , this fleece should appeal particularly to mountaineers looking for warm clothing for particularly cold conditions , whether worn with or without a waterproof . 
The patient 's clothing should also be checked , so that there is no loose flapping material to get in the way . 
` You should change into dry clothes , " he said . 
A group of chattering women in torn dresses and faded shawls entered the shop and Hari moved quickly towards the door , she must not hamper Ben when he should be working . 
The silk shawl she draped over her shoulders winter and summer was in place ; her mother of pearl brooch was at her neck as it should be and her shoes were shining as immaculately as ever . 
A well cut , classic blazer is an investment in style that should hang in every well-dressed man 's wardrobe . 
You should have worn a coat over that dress -- the night 's not warm enough for an outfit like that . " 
Then take out the tacking stitches and remove the card and you should have a really spectacular garment , the envy of all your friends . 
Should he wear a corset ? 
He said I should remove my raincoat and my jacket and hang them on the hangers provided . 
` I suppose I should have got hold of a nightdress for you . 
As our list on the right shows , plenty of high street chains now stock a range of leather items and you should be able to find good-quality leather jeans for around £100 . 
Provided a breastfeeding mother looks after herself by wearing a good supporting bra , no further damage should be done to her figure . 
At dinner after a meeting in 1838 , a guest suggested that on the following year all house-guests should wear the costumes of knights and their ladies . 
Then when you are ready to take the dog out for a walk , you should again repeat the process , but now also change out of your slippers into shoes . 
I said , ` Do you think I should pipeclay my alligator shoes ? " but he just led the way into the hall and up the stairs . 
But the cynical should be advised ; this is the best thing Weller has done since he binned those awful black-and-white golf shoes and invented frothy coffee . 
" Yes , " he reported , after a short examination of the grass bed , " a number twelve shoe , I should say .
So that her sister 's special footwear , clumsy-looking and always made in black leather , should n't spoil her outfit , Cara had with some difficulty had a pair of boots fashioned in white leather . 
The trail is easy to follow , though it is a typical Scottish mountain walk and as such should be treated with respect -- proper footwear and clothing are essential . 
Room is obviously important when the ballerina is wearing a tutu , whose shape should not be distorted by a collision between the partners . 
` She should have worn her flip-flops , " he said , and was startled by the sudden explosion of mirth , but then his mother was always a bit prone to that sort of thing . 
The zoetrope span smoothly , time 's Chief Designer narrowed the legs of trousers and decreed that the cars should be more aerodynamic . 
Advisers for an investor should consider introducing a " forced sale " clause . 
Where the property is part only of a building the draftsman should also consider whether some further visual description is necessary . 
The following should be considered when erecting fences:
They should continue to seek solutions for the needs of the servide that take into account equality in opportunity and education rather than just short term financial considerations . 
It should be borne in mind , however , that some approaches , used without proper consideration of the issues involved , may be distressing or even damaging . 
A court contemplating a wasted costs order under section 19A of the Prosecution of Offences Act 1985 should formulate concisely the complaint and the grounds upon which the order may be sought . 
But as we contemplate these bitter internecine struggles we should not be too unsympathetic or complacent . 
It was held that this loss should be recoverable from the shipowners because they should reasonably have contemplated that the delay would have resulted in a loss . 
That statistic should unsettle those bankers now contemplating a merger . 
Zenaida at last spoke , deliberating what she should do ; Carmellina clutched harder , she knew how much bosses love flattery and crawling . 
Shearer is in to stay , but while Taylor deliberates just who should be his partner up front Campbell plans to gate crash the party . 
I do not believe in the course of the protracted discussions about this case that anyone seriously proposed that all Cabinet deliberations should be revealed to the world at large within minutes of their taking place . 
In its aftermath , he muses on the sort of films he should be making . 
Since early last year , when it became clear that sales and profits were falling , the board has been pondering how ICI should be rationalised . 
Perhaps the reflection upon and discussion of concrete personal experience should play a role of similar importance in teacher development , especially when our language for communicating about educational problems is so obviously deficient . 
Um I personally think to set a mark with the judicial system and we 're talking about criminal - criminal cases that they should bring back .
QN : Did the Chinese Premier say the protests should give Tokyo serious pause for thought about its bid for the UNSC ?
Many women of a previous generation , in which sex and reproduction were seen as inevitably linked , believed that sex stopped -- or at all events should stop -- with the " change of life " .
The early and later work of Bernstein is obviously important here , but some attention should be given also to the work of U.S. investigators in related fields .
2- Disputes related to AL-QAEDA missions between member brethren should be judged by qualified personnel , which is carried out by the immediate commander ( Amir ) of the conflicting parties .
This is going back a bit , but I was struck by the letter from . As a psychology professor , a previous psych major , and an avocational singer , I agree with your advice to `` Go for it '' but think there 's yet another option that Carpe should consider before running away from home or from college .
IT WAS a strange coincidence that Harry Mead should write about the Northern Ireland situation on the very day that one of the worst atrocities in recent years occurred ( Echo January 17 ) .
Is n't it , perhaps , a notable historical coincidence that the greatest European novelist of the nineteenth century should be introduced at the Pyramids to one of the twentieth century 's most notorious fictional characters ?
Maybe they should have collaborated on a book , instead of writing separate accounts . 
` I want you to examine this act in which you propose we should conspire with the enemy against our emperor . 
As the ancestor spirits are such realistic replicas of living elders it is perhaps not surprising that they should work in such close and harmonious collaboration . 
This collaboration should involve both their teachers and their peers . 
It should also be noted that in many cases they would also facilitate explicit collusion , and so their use does not rule out the ( possibly concealed ) existence of this . 
The industrial cooperation between our unions should continue of course .
Referring to Singapore 's military co-operation with Taiwan , Li told a press conference on Aug. 12 : " This is a fact , and we should not mind it too much . "
" If I didn 't know you were a good man , Walters , I should put a black mark against you for this .
Clinton should wear his soberest Leader-of -the-Free-World outfit : dark blue suit , white shirt , dark tie .
Yemen 's representative , M. A. S. al-Ashtal , said that those who had once urged patience , for economic sanctions to take effect , in Rhodesia or South Africa , should give peace a chance .
Groups come together for a specific reason and this reason should run like a thread through the liturgy as well as linking it to the whole community of the Church .
The planning will need to take account of the fact that the groups should come together at a later stage .
They banded themselves into a society which should never be dissolved until the work was done .
The area patrol is different from the single patrol in that : 1- It has a vehicle equipped with a machine gun 2- It can use horses to canvass the area , but the patrol should be formed of 2 or 3 people at least
Should a dispute arise between the seller and the buyer , the matter should be referred to a mutually agreed Queen 's Counsel [ a senior lawyer ] whose decision would be binding . 
These patrols comb the greater area surrounding the location periodically ; anywhere between 3 and four times a week The patrol should be lead by a security officer in order to take immediate actions if the need arises .
Should more hydrogen problems develop , NASA has built a ` purge " system that would drive helium into the rear sections of the shuttle to clear out any pockets of hydrogen . 
Allergies to wood dust can develop in staff and consideration should be given to using dust-free sawdust and to the staff wearing masks when handling the dry bedding . 
This should occur not only at the design stage but also as experience develops in operating the plant and data on actual failures and failure rates become available . 
The manager should ascertain as early as possible the intentions of medical staff , particularly surgeons , with regard to the summer leave commitments . 
It is important that each party to a prospective transaction should be able to ascertain readily whether or not his contract will be governed by the Convention . 
Where a trader advises that an item is beyond economical repair , we should seek to ascertain , by phone if necessary , the actual cost of repair . 
The system should ascertain from the operation number whether further details are required , and request them if necessary . 
The person due to receive the animals should be consulted to ascertain the documentation required . 
It can be ascertained within two to four days whether or not the remedy has been correctly selected ( in acute cases within two to four hours ) because the patient after a few doses should be relieved . 
Readers should ascertain how their own central bank defines money supply . 
My goal in this paper is to examine this literature critically , and then use it to ascertain what the appropriate antitrust treatment of research joint ventures should be . 
Drucker concluded about decision analysis that : ‘ A decision should always be made at lowest level and as close to the scene of action as possible …
We have not yet concluded whether that work should be in the form suggested by Mr. Robert McNamara or be carried out in other ways . 
Thus she concludes that being male or female gives one a distinctive viewpoint which should be included in any theory of human beings . 
The policy review concluded that the United States should seek `` improved implementation of the Agreed Framework , verifiable constraints on North Korea 's missile program , a ban on missile exports , and a less threatening North Korean conventional military posture . ''
Surely , if you have serious reasons for doubting the police conclusions , you should approach them ? " 
The main conclusion about education and employment was that purely educational aims came first : schools should not prepare pupils for particular types of employment ; industry itself benefited from the teaching and learning of basic educational skills . 
The researcher could not draw any generally valid or reliable conclusions from such discussions , but they should provide useful guidelines as to what areas should be followed up in the main enquiry . 
It should be a task of the European Council to reach conclusions on common foreign and security policy . 
Will he commission a report to consider in detail and with expertise the fluctuations to which he referred rather than , as he has , jumping to his own conclusions about why such fluctuations should exist ? 
How typical it was of Luke to make his position so crystal-clear , drawing the line almost brutally in his determination that she should n't make any personal conclusions from his offer . 
Although there was no specific statutory requirement that justices should be named , the court deduced such a requirement from the fundamental nature of the open justice principle . 
I 'd like to emphasize that this idea that time and space should be finite without boundary is just a proposal : it can not be deduced from some other principle . 
Had that guess of 3% proved right , GDP should comfortably have expanded by the same amount . 
` I should have guessed something like this would happen . " 
When you put it the way you put it , I suppose I should have guessed that you had guessed . 
A more general proposal is that the court should infer guilt from a person 's refusal to answer polite questions about what happened , or their decision not to testify . 
First , the agreement that risk should pass independently from property was not express but inferred by the court from the circumstances of the case . 
It should be a condition , for anyone thinking about development to resist trying to infer how a structure develops by only looking at the final result . 
On the material before me I think I should infer that the district judge attached at least some weight to the debtor 's arguments based on section 69 . 
The jury should answer this by drawing inferences from the evidence in the case and from the surrounding circumstances . 
The necessary inference from such a principle as his is that the interpreters of law should be the.ones to define the rights of individuals and to trace the bounds of legitimate government over them . 
Long before going solo the student should have learned the mnemonic by heart . 
It turns out that like the vervets , birds will also learn to whom they should respond . 
Today should be interesting as people realize how hard life is going to be here for a while .
Should she concoct some story about him having a violently contagious disease ? 
Dr. Prior felt that means of warming the room should be contrived so that the temperature at the commencement of the meal should not fall below 32° Fahrenheit . 
She decided that , should such a horrific eventuality arise , she would cook up a little headache , plead ill health , and dash from the room . 
As we design more and more committees , task forces , teams and production groups within organizations , we should remember that there are advantages ' and disadvantages in using groups as decision-making devices . 
3- The Kiosk should be designed to stand all weather conditions , and provide a full coverage of the area it is placed at .
He urged that the Communist Party " should propose a meeting with the Labour Party to jointly formulate a united front programme around which the common fight could be organised " . 
However , should the purchaser of the option exercise and buy the shares at the preset price the commission on the transaction will have already been paid . 
You should always ask for a certificate of guarantee when you buy gold or jewelry .
These totals could quickly be increased should Iran make the decision to either purchase additional systems from the DPRK or accelerate Shehab-3 production .
All of us should know by now of the decision taken at the special church meeting on 13th May to go ahead with the purchase of the Camphill building . 
No real concession should be won by the buyer in moving away from an insultingly low offer . 
` Book buyers should also be urged to write to their MPs . 
The developer or his land buyer should act as the catalyst in such situations . 
So what things should a potential greenhouse buyer consider before making the purchase ? 
The vendor should only account to the purchaser for post-taxation income earned during the interim stage . 
The industrialist MP Samuel Morley and others persuaded him to stand down on the grounds that ministers should not directly enter the political arena and Morley paid all his expenses when he gave up the contest . 
` Why should she pay no tax when her subjects on minuscule incomes are paying tax ? " 
Perhaps she should have paid by cheque after all . 
In particular , s 286(5) provided relief where a loan was repaid by the debtor or a third party or where the company agreed that the loan should be settled by payment in kind . 
John Gummer , the UK Minister of Agriculture , Fisheries and Food , has suggested that the European Community ( EC ) should have the power to suspend subsidy payments to farmers who pollute the environment . 
The final dividend should be 10 per cent up on last year 's payment . 
PT Ltd also contended that although the annual rental payments were complete in March 1991 , the court should be concerned with the tax year . 
There should be a weighting system to account for variations in house prices in different parts of the country and within different districts of the same region . 
And the Bank is pushing the options in such quantities that it is keeping their price lower than it should be . 
Booksellers should begin to look seriously at the possibilities of stocking multimedia products , or run the risk of losing out to consumer electronics retailers and an erosion of their market . 
Therefore , the acquirer should obtain a covenant that the seller will make up any shortfall . 
If the tenant is to covenant expressly to pay VAT on rent , the VAT should itself be reserved as rent . 
Members of the estates then took a public oath that no trace of these hated documents should be preserved . 
All pleaded guilty to this crime and took oath to perform whatever penance the Bishop should impose . 
Of course I give the hon. Gentleman the pledge that we shall take up any of those cases , should he send the details to me . 
Requirements of joining AL QAEDA : 1 - Abiding by AL QAEDA rules , its beliefs and objectives as previously mentioned 2 - Obedience to the leaders in charge as much as possible , without disobeying Islamic rules 3 - No connection between AL QAEDA membership and any other Islamic group 4 - Maintain secrecy in work-related issues 5- Physically healthy ( except in administrative work ) 6- The candidate should not be in question when it comes to religion , integrity or his morality 7- Reciting the pledge of AL-QAEDA .
Teams should consist of four people and each one should pledge at least £100 or £25 per person , to be raised through sponsorship or a straight donation . 
The industrial tribunal decided that Mr Rump had been unfairly dismissed , that he was entitled to rely on his manager 's promise and , accordingly , should receive compensation for such unfair dismissal . 
` I should have to dock your wages , " the old man threatened . 
The lord James had undertaken that the Sultan in Cairo should not contravene any article of the pact , and his emir Tzani-bey al-Ablak had been asked to give his word to that effect . 
In exchange for information Thurloe undertook that no Royalist life should be taken as a result of it . 
I made a vow that I should not allow my children to look at Shakespeare until adolescence . 
Sir Derek , however , sat tight , believing that he should not be blamed for the £215m fraud perpetrated against the company .
Where there have been mutual credits , debts or other mutual dealings between a company before it goes into liquidation and any other creditors , Rule 4.90 provides that account should be taken of what is due from each party , and the sums due from one shall be set off against the sums due from the other .
Help for First-time Buyers -- the main element should be an extensive ` shared ownership '' scheme , but once again based on the existing housing stock .
Schools should attempt to create a positive atmosphere based on a sense of community and shared values .
The _most_important_point _ is that a single common representation code be defined _for_the_line_ ( suiting the purpose , namely to cover all national languages in one single way ) and that people be instructed that every bit of text should travel in that code on the wire , whatever_the_protocol_is .
` It is a disgrace that the schools minister should describe schools in that way . " 
In order to avoid such disputes the drafter should therefore define the consequences of breach of any particular obligation . 
As for redefinition or reorientation of the overall enterprise , this material should serve to confirm that such developments are difficult but still possible . 
` Unemployment is rising faster in Darlington than in many development areas , " he said , ` It is absurd Darlington should be treated as a second-class area when its unemployment is rising faster . "
The two actions should be treated separately .
The client must be told that if at any stage he or she is anxious about the conduct of the matter , they should communicate immediately with the fee earner who is handling the case .
2- The towers should be located in a manner where they can easily communicate with one another , and totally cover the area they are guarding .
4- The Kiosk should be equipped with wireless communication equipment , and a mechanist to open and close the gate automatically .
“ I should n't have been so … hostile , ” she mumbled . 
The wheezing noise of the bellows had by this time excited the interest of some sentries on a large freighter moored nearby , but Maclean shouted out that they should mind their own business . 
Should n't say things like that , I suppose , " he simpered , ` but all my friends are going off and doing it . 
Sergeant Moustaine gave one of the Frenchmen a walkie talkie and told him that on reaching the summit the entire section should sing all three verses of the 'Képi Blanc' into the radio . 
I stammered something about not understanding cricket , totally incredulous that anyone should suppose I did understand it , or that I should regard the English side as ` we " . 
By now the coroner should have been singing some lewd song at the top of his voice , bellowing abuse at the landlord , or urging Athelstan to come back to his house in Cheapside . 
On and on he droned about how we should n't fear death but welcome the joys of heaven , so I picked up my two horse pistols and gave the sod both barrels . 
I felt like murmuring the verses about Judas going out and hanging himself , and that he should go and do likewise , but Benjamin looked so quietly pleased with himself that I bit my tongue . 
Stan rapped out that a fiver should cover it . 
Soon after , Farrow is said to have begun making threatening phone calls in the middle of the night , screaming that he was the devil and should die and burn in hell . 
` Thomas met his enemy face to face that afternoon too , " shrilled Gwendolen , determined that her beloved 's name should at least be represented . 
` I think we should stop , Sesostris , " Andrus squeaked uneasily . 
` Lord Altrincham is a bounder , " thundered the Earl of Strathmore , ` he should be shot . " 
Instead of whining about my memory I should be thanking my lucky stars I 'm alive at all . " 
Miguelito yelled up that the man should do something unmentionable to himself . 
It might also help to make a note of your doctor 's answers as a reminder of what is said , for example about any medicines you should take . 
The reception office should be so organised that all sources of information necessary to answer enquiries are immediately to hand . 
Q. In a previous reply to a question on Red-bellied Piranhas , you say that in a 4′ tank this species should reach its maximum length of 12″ . 
We asked whether the Russians had requested that these Cossacks should be turned over to him and Robertson replied in the negative and added " but they probably will soon " …
It is remarkable , when you think of what most of us philosophers are like , that he should have had the sheer ability and integrity to elicit such a response from people of such political eminence .
These personal responses to discussions of parental figures should be recognised by social workers in preparation for working in this area .
` I still think they should take advantage of their education , " retorted Flora . 
The Prado 's director , Felipe Vicente Garin , retorted : ` Why should I call for new ideas when I 've already got my own ? " 
Moreover , the Wolof may retort that they do have ways of expressing multiple points of view and that we should attempt to understand these before dismissing them en bloc . 
It is astonishing that he should have made a riposte about housing benefit being available to the poor for housing costs and to have given the impression that he was in favour of housing benefit. 
He insisted their sentence should be commuted to life imprisonment .
The program supports HP LaserJets , DeskJets , Canon BubbleJets , Epson and IBM dot matrix or any printer compatible with these , so you should be able to use almost any printer on the market . 
Output must be fully compatible with all the major word processors and battery life should be measured in days rather than hours . 
But , in wrestling with it , it should be noted that one is not addressing the more fundamental question as to whether in fact feminism is compatible with Christianity . 
Accuracy and immediacy are often incompatible objectives for the accountant and the organisation should always insist that approximations that can be acted on are infinitely preferable to historical exactitudes . 
Modems in Computer Room had been found to be incompatible with our telephone system and should be disposed of . 
Compatibility between species should be considered . 
High on the list should be to determine the aquarium compatibility ( or otherwise ) of the chosen marine fish species . 
If possible , the building should not encroach on the park and should harmonize with later buildings to be built in the area . 
A dwelling for the living or a tomb for one 's ancestors should be sited only where it harmonizes completely with the forces of nature . 
I should be interested to hear how this consciousness can square with their proposal to instigate over 100 heavy lorry journeys a day from Wensleydale to Redcar instead of one train in each direction . 
It should be pronounced to rhyme with ` cream " . 
( The name should be pronounced to rhyme with ` turkeys " . ) 
Liability is contested in this case and we should be grateful if you would consider whether the injuries sustained by our client are consistent with his/her version of events . 
These people should be supportive of animal welfare , of course , but with the understanding that being in support of animal welfare is perfectly consistent with utilising animals for human preferences and interests . 
The court should favour a construction which is consistent with and contributes to the smooth and efficient working of the contractual machinery recognised and reinforced by the legislation . 
Indeed , he suggests that if a theory of rationality should clash with science then we should change our theory of rationality .
When comparing the symptoms of the case and the remedy you should also note that the most important symptoms do not clash or contradict .
If dialogue is being taped in stereo , the signals from the individual speakers should not be given a pronounced left and right stereo bias as this would conflict with the performers ' relative positioning as seen in shot .
2- Disputes related to AL-QAEDA missions between member brethren should be judged by qualified personnel , which is carried out by the immediate commander ( Amir ) of the conflicting parties .
There 'll be a competition to design the new centre , but the architects feel they should help establish the winning criteria . 
This very continuity should work to the advantage of the regular US Tour competitors . 
`` If I was n't ( confident ) , I should n't be playing the game of football . ''
Maybe the American government should note this before it complains about the success of Japanese business . 
Some non-permanent members of the Council complain that imposing a punitive peace should not be the job of the UN . 
She also knew that she should have reported the foul to Mike , who would then make an official complaint to the umpire , but she was too angry . 
Bell said : ` My only complaint about the game was that we should have had the penalty before Glentoran scored . 
Mr Delors should not lament too loudly .
The problem with using incomplete data is that should a transition occur that was absent from the training corpus then the model would assert that such a transition was impossible , assign zero probability and produce errors .
Some degree of ` task allocation " may become necessary , though the concept of total patient care should never be completely abandoned .
3- The Kiosk should be designed to stand all weather conditions , and provide a full coverage of the area it is placed at .
You should still observe the general rules for stairs . 
Certainly all partners should be made fully aware of their responsibilities in these respects and the potential consequences for the firm should they fail to observe the rules . 
Emphasis should be placed on strict adherence to a policy of changing into protective clothing before conducting a post-mortem examination . 
In all new buildings they should carry guarantees of quality and certificates of compliance with Building Regulations , Codes of practice and British Standards . 
Cadbury proposes that auditors should review a company 's compliance with the code , before the compliance statement is lodged with The Stock Exchange . 
The Cadbury Committee report on Financial Aspects of Corporate Governance recommends that listed companies should state within their report and accounts their degree of compliance with a Code of Best Practice . 
In his own interests the licence-holder , when structural alterations have been completed in compliance with an order , should intimate that fact to the clerk to the licensing board . 
6- All parking regulations of the location should be followed strictly followed .
This should not be interpreted as an attempt to violate the contract , but rather the desire of the Japanese to allow both sides the ability to adjust to unforeseen circumstances . 
Although in this last case we should note that it is much harder to talk of the sentence being ` wrong " ; there are circumstances when people validly violate semantic norms , as we shall see . 
And while this claim has not yet been substantiated by IAEA inspectors , proponents argue that Iran has violated the NPT and that the country 's nuclear file should , in turn , be referred to the United Nations Security Council ( UNSC ) for its review .
Another , related , charge against the players is that in their dress violations they -- again like the ` street " transvestites -- transgressed the natural and fixed order of things by wilfully confusing distinctions which it was thought imperative should be kept distinct , especially within the categories of rank , class , and gender . 
This situation was in blatant breach of Article 13 of the European Convention , which requires that anyone whose rights ( eg to freedom of expression ) are violated should have an " effective remedy " . 
In order to avoid such disputes the drafter should therefore define the consequences of breach of any particular obligation . 
Requirements of joining AL QAEDA : 1 - Abiding by AL QAEDA rules , its beliefs and objectives as previously mentioned 2 - Obedience to the leaders in charge as much as possible , without disobeying Islamic rules 3 - No connection between AL QAEDA membership and any other Islamic group 4 - Maintain secrecy in work-related issues 5- Physically healthy ( except in administrative work ) 6- The candidate should not be in question when it comes to religion , integrity or his morality 7- Reciting the pledge of AL-QAEDA .
After nearly a decade of war and a troop buildup that seems to have produced results , the president should abide by his commitment , even if it means overriding his military advisors .
Requirements of joining AL QAEDA : 1 - Abiding by AL QAEDA rules , its beliefs and objectives as previously mentioned 2 - Obedience to the leaders in charge as much as possible , without disobeying Islamic rules 3 - No connection between AL QAEDA membership and any other Islamic group 4 - Maintain secrecy in work-related issues 5- Physically healthy ( except in administrative work ) 6- The candidate should not be in question when it comes to religion , integrity or his morality 7- Reciting the pledge of AL-QAEDA .
If the decorating has to be done again then the shop should pay .
I should be glad if Mr Henderson , USA , would transmit to the Shah the following observation of a general character which I believe is correct and in accordance with democratic principles .
If boiling , the potatoes should be placed in a pan , just covered with lightly salted cold water and boiled gently until tender .
The Criminal Law Revision Committee took the view that , if the law did try to restrict the offence in this way , it would inevitably legalize some cases which should remain contrary to the law .
Nasturtiums and Virginian stocks are examples of annuals that should produce worthwhile plants if you save the seed .
But if , as Thorez implied , the Vietnamese and French Communist Parties should work together , would it not mean that the campaign for national liberation would have to be abandoned ?
Second , the component of DM which this equation does not account for should not exhibit any pattern for , if it did , then rational agents would exploit that pattern to improve their forecasts .
If it is not , the bid should be be blocked .
In the event of serious damage to the building which could take 6 months or more to repair , consideration should be given to renting a property on a short term basis .
In the event of a personal accident , immediate assistance should be sought from the member of staff trained in first aid responsible for your area .
In the event that you have at any time during the currency of your appointment any grievance concerning your appointment with the Board then you should raise that with your line manager .
It is , therefore , surely even more important that those using it should not be worried about leaving their craft in the event of capsize .
You should also call the dog to you when you are wearing the slippers and , assuming that it comes readily to you , make a fuss of it .
no odds to me -- if he should see me -- assuming I 'm free
True , they had not suited each other , but supposing the chemistry had been right , should such a relationship have been ruined by the wretched man-made social system ?
There is no reason why these should not be made in the home provided the design is kept to a simple one for a first attempt .
We both agree that he should be able to offer favourable terms for the hire of the slope for the proposed event , provided it is at an off-peak time .
The Faculty believes that the scale charge should be based on manufacturers ' retail list prices , provided the Revenue publishes an annual list of such prices .
One lawyer should allocate all one-off instructions , provided this is practical given the numbers involved .
Staff can touch the body provided they wear disposable gloves , although they should not wash the body .
u It should n't matter what you wear to work as long as you get the job done , says Lisa , 49 .
As long as they do n't start playing central defenders as full backs it should be ok .
` And what if we should accidentally meet ? "
And what if Clinton should press ahead with proposed measures to penalise foreign imports ?
Where a group of persons is acting in a threatening manner , the pre-Act cases established that conduct of the defendants taken together should be considered .
How should teachers behave in order to stimulate the desired learning processes ?
Children should see that from the way I act , not from what I tell them to think " .
There are important questions in relation to housing policy concerning the extent to which a free market can operate and the extent to which public housing authorities should act as if they were private business concerns .
And should everyone act like his mother , society would grind to a halt .
2- The towers should be located in a manner where they can easily communicate with one another , and totally cover the area they are guarding .
Even if these findings are not confirmed after further study , one could still make a compelling argument that lipid-lowering therapy ( barring contraindications ) should be initiated early and universally in patients who present with an acute coronary syndrome : First , the long-term safety and effectiveness of statins for the secondary prevention of stable coronary disease is well-established [ 1 2 3 ] ; Second , as evidenced by MIRACL , these agents are safe when initiated at the time of hospitalization for an acute coronary syndrome ; Third , the in-hospital initiation of lipid-lowering therapy appears to promote greater long-term utilization of these agents [ 18 19 20 21 ] . Finally , although lipid levels may be unreliable in the setting of an acute coronary syndrome ( excepting total : HDL and LDL:HDL cholesterol ratios [ 22 ] ) the overwhelming majority of patients with coronary disease will ultimately require both pharmacologic and non-pharmacologic lipid-lowering interventions to attain recommended cholesterol targets [ 23 24 25 ] ; newer guidelines are even more stringent [ 26 ] . Furthermore , data from the recently presented Heart Protection Study suggest that clinical benefits may accrue independent of baseline cholesterol level [ 4 ] . Thus , to withhold lipid-lowering therapy from patients who present with an acute coronary syndrome would be to accept the status quo , and to date our efforts at cholesterol lowering in the secondary prevention setting have been dismal [ 27 28 ] .
Future secondary prevention studies should look at patients with stable or unstable disease and will need to address the comparative efficacy of different statins ( or newer agents ) , assess the incremental benefit of combination therapy [ 30 ] and determine whether there is a serum cholesterol 'floor ' below which reductions are unlikely to provide further clinical benefit .
We should not delay the public health and environmental benefits from reduction of these emissions while we wait for consensus to develop on CO2 .
, and is your argument that we find and hold against their retrospective because there is some , at least plausible basis should so argument , to say that there can be a causal connection between the retrospective extension and some benefit that can be traced to those particular works through the retrospective extension , like dissemination ? Is
Studies in these centers should demonstrate the benefits of screening : increased referrals , more patients receiving counseling , and better outcomes such as reduction of risk behaviors .
You should fit this to the collar formed by the chain . 
Fix the stencil in place with a spray adhesive , such as SprayMount , and use very little paint ( the brush should be almost dry ) for the best results . 
A good waterproof adhesive should be used in addition to fixing screws . 
The distance between the first and fourth bump should be 100 meters , and the distance between the fourth and the sixth should be 50 meters , so cars can not travel fast in the direction of the building 5- Barbed Wires : They should be placed around the building , around the walls , or on top of the walls 6- Nails Obstacle : These are placed at the main gate in order to puncture the tires of any car crashing in
1- The fence which is built out of bricks or concrete should be 4 meters high , then topped with one meter high barbed wire fence .
The distance between the first and fourth bump should be 100 meters , and the distance between the fourth and the sixth should be 50 meters , so cars can not travel fast in the direction of the building 5- Barbed Wires : They should be placed around the building , around the walls , or on top of the walls 6- Nails Obstacle : These are placed at the main gate in order to puncture the tires of any car crashing in
William Shawcross says clearly , with simple words in only 57 pages of fairly large print , why Britain should take Hong Kong refugees after the Chinese takeover if needed .
` As far as I can see , Jerry should capture Arras the day after tomorrow , in which case the Americans can stay at home .
Please contact me on extension 4425 should you have any queries . 
Anyone wanting information on membership or sponsorship should call Mark Bygraves on 0473 553622 in working hours . 
Sponsors should call Mark on ( 0642 ) 556962 . 
Should you have questions or if I can be of assistance in any way , please call me : 317.923.1331 , ext. 248 .
If an employee has forgotten his or her number , they should phone the Contributions Unit at the nearest local Social Security office for an application form . 
Anyone who fancies any of these items should phone their bid to any of the following numbers before 8pm on June 1 -- Portadown 331013 , 330209 or Loughgall 891605 . 
Anyone who is interested should telephone for details of availability .
Bottle tops , silver paper and tin cans are the last things you should throw away . 
I must stress that only aluminium cans are acceptable and , if possible , they should be crushed as they take up less room . 
These should be placed in a paper envelope ( not polythene ) and labelled with the grower 's name , address and field identification . 
Must have a bit of money to drive a car , and that great leather handbag had cost something , he should n't wonder . 
Perhaps every coffee jar should carry a label : ` Special Offer -- 10,000 per cent off ! " . 
` Why should I know ? " she said , washing her mug and plate before putting them away . 
The dispute should have been settled 53 years ago when the 1930 Reservoirs Act ruled that the owners of all reservoirs containing more than 23 million litres must have them inspected and repaired regularly . 
A DOCTOR was fined £750 with £213 costs yesterday after a child visiting his surgery was left with severe internal burns when he drank from a bottle of acid that should have been locked away . 
Her owner rushed to bring her a bucket of oats before she should become entangled in the fence once again . 
When six cartons of drugs , bandages and serums were heaped on my study floor there was the business of finding out when and how they should be administered . 
Black and white or colour photographs should be sent together one of the special Pears Soap cartons . 
Chrissy , on the step beside her , was choosing which story she should read to him , and Annie was in the sandpit , trailing sand through her clenched fist into a yoghurt carton . 
But we should need to find a crock of gold , my dear , to provide ourselves with all that . " 
Equally , one should perhaps guard against the maxim that a conductor who is not also a creative writer is somehow debarred from access to the grail of ultimate musical understanding . 
She should have brought a wine jug from the hall , she chided herself as her breathing steadied . 
Baffled , he scratched his greasy white hair and wondered what it could be and why it should have been stored in a beer keg . 
I think young couples should enjoy their privacy uninterrupted by cauldrons of soup . " 
You should be putting your French folders away now please . 
Stamp folders should be kept under lock and key to avoid pilfering . 
As the conditions in a large tank are more stable , Robin would find it easier to learn about keeping his fish , and should be able to sort out any problems before they became disasters . 
This month 's disk holds an impressive collection of DOS programs that should work on all PCs .
What you should photograph depends entirely on editors ' requirements .
It depends what I feel like playing , because I 've got into the blues lately and I 'm learning all these licks I should have learned ten , fifteen years ago !
The problem hinges upon fundamental areas such as price -- how much British Gas should pay its UK suppliers -- and also on what is the real nature of the problem .
Disagreement hinged on the new Prime Minister 's insistence that the opposition should join the existing administration .
It was unfortunate then that Virgin 's case should be complicated by , and ultimately hinge upon , another , far less public , contractual dispute .
Perhaps well-meaning legislators and , indeed , contrite lawyers should be taught a little game theory . 
Still , she felt as if she should feel … some remorse . 
It gave her an incredibly guilty feeling , as if she was a nuisance and should be away from here and not causing so much trouble . 
I 've suggested that as a first pass the charset should only be settable in the system config file , and that the charset always be coerced to US - ASCII unless the text contains 8-bit characters and/or has `` funny '' control characters such as ESC or SI/SO .
I 've suggested that as a first pass the charset should only be settable MYGT in the system config file , and that the charset always be coerced to US - ASCII > unless the text contains 8-bit characters and/or has `` funny '' control MYGT characters such as ESC or SI/SO .
Having convinced yourself that you can safely find the ` hold '' switch and abort an autorotation landing , you should beware of making a habit of this .
Even the most efficient switchboard operator will at times dial a wrong number or make an incorrect connection , but this should never cause impatience or anger , the error should be corrected as quickly as possible in a pleasing and charming manner .
It should be emphasised that when acid was applied directly to the duodenal mucosa without prior irritation , there was no difference in mucosal resistance in the three dietary groups tested in our study .
When preparing his food , you should think in terms of providing a ` finger buffet " with foods you might normally eat with a knife and fork . 
The Met Office says it should give them much more accurate information .
The second principle is that only information which is known to be reasonably accurate and which is capable of being maintained in a reasonably accurate state should be stored within the system .
This should ensure that it is accurate and up-to-date , but the benefit would not simply be in having tidy records .
Our old metal gutters are rusting badly -- what should I replace them with ? 
In addition , water that has been softened and clarified should be carried only in pipes that will not corrode and add corrosion products to the system . 
So , says Daedalus , a road surfaced with catalytic material should oxidise the surface of his tyres . 
In my opinion , they should stop hounding law-abiding citizens and set about catching the obvious culprits , whoever they are . 
Second , these principles should then lead us on a successful search for phenomena that we had not observed previously . 
I sprang out , they tried to drag me back , and had it not been for the help of this good man , who led me to the cab , I should never had broken away .
He knew he had gone down the road no cop should take , namely that of allowing the pursuit of a criminal to become a personal vendetta . 
Lotta ushered Gina back to the table , seating herself in Rune 's chair and indicating Gina should join her . 
He ushers her out of the restaurant saying : ` I think we should leave before the paparazzi get here . " 
Should the parties be allowed to examine and cross-examine witnesses ?
The defense attorneys argued that the denial of a chance to cross-examine Fuhrman about racist statements could result in reversal should Simpson be convicted .
Cross-examination by defence lawyers should also be videotaped at an informal hearing before trial , with the press and public excluded .
He should do more to reduce tax rates on wealth and income , in recognition of the fact that those cuts yield higher , not lower , revenues .
But it was not destined that our investigation should have so adventurous an ending .
The health services will know of people treated for psychiatric illnesses and a follow-up service or routine visit from community nurses should be able to recognise obviously unsatisfactory living circumstances . 
Whatever the setting , the counsellor should stress that alcoholism is a curable condition , particularly when the social distress underlying the need for alcohol is openly discussed and the problems tackled . 
Colonoscopic surveillance in colitis should reduce cancer related death compared with routine clinical care , by detecting early curable cancer . 
A recent review advises that surgeons should treat surgically incurable patients with local methods only which are both cost effective and carry a low morbidity and mortality . 
Services should have as a primary goal the alleviation of distress , by providing a programme of treatment , care and support based on the unique needs of an individual . 
But tipplers should forget the traditional hair-of-the-dog remedy of having another alcoholic drink the next morning . 
Given this diagnosis , the remedy for unemployment was patently clear : real wages should fall . 
If it can be , and if by so doing , the patient would be able to enjoy a further period of life without increased discomfort , then the cure or palliative measure should be adopted . 
There was a local schoolteacher coming round to give art therapy ; that at least should provide some light relief . 
I suggest that release of vasoactive mediators from plasma proteins should be considered as a possible mechanism for pseudoallergy on the basis of recent studies on mediator displacement by a wide range of therapeutic drugs . 
Therefore , the therapist suggested she should stop this medication . 
The therapist should explain fully why certain areas of questioning are being broached so that parents feel part of the assessment procedure . 
As always , it was Hollywood 's custom to work on as broad a front as possible : there should be films for everyone but only on Hollywood 's own terms . 
Daine was observing the tradition that the bad guy should always explain his crimes in great detail before trying to kill the hero . 
The communications coordinator at the Catholic Church Secretariat , Fr Marcel Onen , pointed out in his speech that parents should exercise more control over their children 's viewing habits . 
The student should avoid breaking new ground on his own as this may result in the formation of bad habits rather than good ones . 
He did not know of the English habit of using such affectionate epithets rather haphazardly , and he was impressed that she should consider him her dear . 
The most important recent book on convention , for instance , discusses conventions about which party should call back when a telephone call is disconnected . 
The English conventions for punctuation for instance , may have some advantages for some purposes , although disambiguating ` sentence " units should not necessarily be taken as a significant one . 
Around her the congregation rustled to its feet , indicating that she should go up to the communion rail first , as was fitting , as was customary . 
Norway also produces Gjetost , a sweet , dark brown , fudge-like cheese that should be pared or sliced very thinly . 
One of the teacups has been chopped into little pieces but the other still has some water inside , which to me looks redder than it should . 
They insist that the UN should condemn SWAPO 'S behaviour and hope that the incident will dent the movement 's fortunes in the election campaign .
Rather does he venture to ask that it should be considered as the conclusion of an imaginative tragedy ( if he may so call it ) whereof one half has been already published . 
i i do n't think it 's anything wrong for a doctor to refuse to i do n't care about the Hippocratic oath i do n't think they should have to treat a patient with AIDS if they do n't want to you know why take a chance like that doctor in New York that got infected from a patient and you know she ended up i think
I ask whether this property should belong to the trustee-heir , Captain Valerius Maximus , or to Mallius Seneca who says he is the uncle of the deceased boy . 
If differences in climates do cascade upwards to influence individuals , species , and broader scale patterns in diversity , their influence should be readily detectable at the level of species ' life histories and distributions .
Let me say finally , that it 's my intention that we should all starve together , or all survive together . " 
Walk-in shower cabinets are popular where space and budget permit , but ventilation must be adequate to avoid suffocation in the steam , and shower pressure should be tested to avoid a needle sharp spray . 
By this time she had decided that I was utterly irresponsible ( in spite of my record toast-making ) , and she said that I should wear warmer clothes .
I could n't decide if I should come home to Marin , because my house is on stilts .
These totals could quickly be increased should Iran make the decision to either purchase additional systems from the DPRK or accelerate Shehab-3 production .
This basis for selection should be ruled out for this job , however , because there is no meaningful cluster from the group , except that the states are all among the larger states .
Persistent microalbuminuria should be confirmed on two or three subsequent readings within a six-month period to rule out false-positive results .
Representatives for the Oakland schools have given answers that sometimes conflict with the wording of the resolution itself on such issues as whether ebonics would or should be a language used in formal instruction ( as opposed to something that teachers simply should be given financial incentives to be aware of and conversant in ) ; whether ebonics would itself be taught as a subject ; and whether claiming the status of a distinct language for ebonics was , in fact , a ploy to shake loose federal bilingual-education dollars ( an outcome immediately ruled out by Richard W. Riley , the secretary of education ) .
Who , if not I , should defend you against such slanders ?
If a bird is defending a territory in order to exploit as efficiently as possible the food resources on it , the bird should ensure that it defends a territory no larger than necessary .
They are asking whether the U. S. should give up its reliance on making constant improvements to vehicle defenses .
If confirmed , the flow of possible quantum events into the chemical adjacent possible should , in part , be made irreversible by the decoherence of complex molecular species as they couple and react with one another .
White splashes of paint on the bottles indicated which way up they should be binned after delivery from the wine merchant .
Society should prohibit any firm from having more than 20 per cent of the domestic market ( c ) It does not matter what other governments do ; ours should not get involved in industrial policy .
They approved of her becoming a nurse and going to France , but they told her she should have done it sooner .
Trevelyan at the Treasury insisted that every scheme should be properly surveyed and costed , and be personally authorized by him in London , before work began .
He should consider his victory a mandate to continue his growth-oriented economic reforms and not a demand that he move further left .
They should not export them without first getting permission from the importer and making sure that the receiving country can dispose of them properly .
No student should be permitted to be graduated from elementary school without having mastered the 3 R 's at the level that prevailed 20 years ago .
Generals and admirals may believe , and society may agree , that offences against these regulations should receive unusual penalties which would not be generally sanctioned in private firms .
USER FRIENDLY should make today another classic payday for local hero George Duffield so long as she gets the green light to tackle the Coalite St Leger at Doncaster .
If you get the green light from the Head , then get together with any friends who are ready to help and any teachers who have offered support to discuss what should happen at your first meeting .
Rumour has it that he has taken up residence in the port of Leith , near enough to Edinburgh but , should matters go wrong , the best place for his departure by land or sea . 
If the flat only has one entrance/exit ( which it will because it is not on the ground floor ) , it should have a fire escape , or some means of escape over a balcony or roof . 
There 's another screech of brakes , and a van that should never have escaped out the scrapyard collapses shuddering in the road . 
( Two ATTENDANTS exit backwards , indicating that ROS and GUIL should follow . ) 
After leaving port , tankers and other vessels with hazardous cargo should exit coastal waters by agreed safe routes and remain well away from all coasts until they reach their destination . 
Paul left for the north again with a light heart , aware of surprise that he should be so glad to be returning after arriving , at first , so unwillingly .
We suggest that the concept of biological markets provides a good alternative framework for modelling variable games [ 1 17 28 38 ] . At the least , future studies should justify the assumption of zero payoff variation , given the importance of its implications .
The results of this study justify prospective investigation on a larger scale , and the clinical significance of Met positivity in the axillary drainage fluid in breast cancer patients should be defined by an extended follow-up study .
It is a twenty-mile drive to Loch Hourn at the end of this road , and twenty back , but it should be done at least once in a lifetime , the scenery being outstanding . 
Some jokes are so awful that you should only ever tell them while you 're wearing a decent pair of trainers . 
It was wonderful that they should all be sitting round the table , laughing . 
How typically vexing that there should be a rotten crop of films on , just when he really wanted a good one . 
I feel sure that this is a marvellous concept and should introduce people to a number of talented new artists . 
Seats and tables should be treated with preservative before the bad weather sets in , especially if you have nowhere to store them under cover . 
That book is all about the idea that the world is divided into the ordinary and the extraordinary , and that the extraordinary should n't have to live by the dictates of the mediocre majority . 
People should be given a chance to read a proper newspaper -- one that was decent , honourable and humane . 
A man as big as Steen should n't have to be involved with little second-rate crooks like Bill Sweet . 
Ocean should be thoroughly ashamed of themselves for releasing this third-rate rubbish . 
Every care should be exercised in reconstruction , for inferior work may result in considerable distortion . 
You do n't need special equipment to hear the effect , so it should provide the same sensaround sound on your crappy hi fi as it would on an expensive job . 
Indeed , the exact placement of many of the non-orthologous arsC genes was difficult and poor bootstrap support for some nodes suggests that refinement of arsC phylogeny as more sequences become available should be an ongoing process .
After this time D2 should start to flash once every two seconds .
He should believe in her character , and not object to a past action she could not avoid .
It was not over then however , as the soldier said that the rest of us should continue until we had also burst our balloons .
Councillor Norman Murray said that the signal to unsocial tenants should be quite clear and had to be backed up with swift and firm action .
There is , in general , no consensus on the standards which should apply to the granting of such degrees , the course contents , or the proportion of taught course content relative to research content .
Lewis bowled a few inswingers , and Malcolm sometimes got a sizzling short one on line , but with care there seemed no reason why Pakistan should not build a formidable score .
The dealer would also imply that the client should come out of the new Rolls Royce issue immediately .
A group should be organised to take charge of these presentations , representing a range of skills , and preferably including someone with some knowledge of communication theory .
If a cheque is lost this should be cancelled by the drawer , as soon as possible .
In his opinion African journalists , who often looked enviously at those in Europe and America , should understand why conditions were different at home .
Before reaching Z , the module should be approved .
Boards should be positioned in storage so that air can circulate freely around both main faces .
He should consider his victory a mandate to continue his growth-oriented economic reforms and not a demand that he move further left .
Parents should be involved with their children 's education at home , not in school .
Anyone who wants to appreciate just how bizarre this situation is -- with students who ca n't add or subtract `` learning '' the conceptual basis of mathematical theory -- should read the article by Caleb Nelson ( himself a recent math major at Harvard ) in the November American Spectator .
He should do more to reduce tax rates on wealth and income , in recognition of the fact that those cuts yield higher , not lower , revenues .
No student should be permitted to be graduated from elementary school without having mastered the 3 R 's at the level that prevailed 20 years ago .
I could n't decide if I should come home to Marin , because my house is on stilts .
They should see to it that their kids do n't play truant ; they should make certain that the children spend enough time doing homework ; they should scrutinize the report card .
-- Students should move up the educational ladder as their academic potential allows .
-- Most important of all , schools should have principals with a large measure of authority over the faculty , the curriculum , and all matters of student discipline .
`` The General Assembly should set aside money for a new state health lab , millions of doses of antiviral drugs and a fund to help meet basic needs after a disaster , a legislative panel recommended Thursday .
How vulnerable is the United States to BW terrorism , and what types of attacks should it be most concerned about ?
`` The General Assembly should set aside money for a new state health lab , millions of doses of antiviral drugs and a fund to help meet basic needs after a disaster , a legislative panel recommended Thursday .
Dublin theater is legendary , and no visitor should miss seeing a performance at the Abbey Theatre or Gate Theatre .
The ditch should be 30 centimeters deep and 20 centimeters wide .
Passageways for cars and pedestrians should be designated 4- Road bumps : Six successive bumps should be constructed at 500 meters from the location .
The distance between the first and fourth bump should be 100 meters , and the distance between the fourth and the sixth should be 50 meters , so cars can not travel fast in the direction of the building 5- Barbed Wires : They should be placed around the building , around the walls , or on top of the walls 6- Nails Obstacle : These are placed at the main gate in order to puncture the tires of any car crashing in
The following should be considered when erecting fences:
1- The fence which is built out of bricks or concrete should be 4 meters high , then topped with one meter high barbed wire fence .
2- The thickness of the fence should be 60 cm and the distance between it and the building should be 2 meters .
3- Secret gates should be built 50 meters apart to be used for emergency only .
However , they should not be identifiable from the outside part of the fence .
5- No other outside gates should be erected .
If it is necessary to have an outside entrance for the control tower , then access to the location should not be constructed .
6- If the location is in a highly dangerous zone , then two parallel fences should be built to be 3 meters apart .
5- The location should be away from airports and main highways .
Therefore , it is important to adopt following : 1- The parking lot should be 50 meters away from the fence .
If the nature of the terrain does not allow it , then it should be on the other side of the road .
2- Under no circumstance a car , even that which belongs to the location should be permitted to park next to the fence .
4- Inside parking lot should be strictly designated to the location 's cars in order to protect them from sabotage .
5- Cars parked inside the location should have their front facing the fence so they could be used quickly in case of emergency .
6- All parking regulations of the location should be followed strictly followed .
Some buses should be exposed and others should be camouflaged .
The buses should have the following : 1- Light armor and rocket launchers 2- Wireless equipment to report dangerous activities 3- Writing materials to jot down suspicious activities or license plate numbers 4- Sand bags around the buses to protect them from gun fire
1- Kiosks should be placed at entrance gates to check visitors when approaching the building .
2- Kiosks should be placed at key important locations where 24-hour security watch is required .
3- The Kiosk should be designed to stand all weather conditions , and provide a full coverage of the area it is placed at .
4- The Kiosk should be equipped with wireless communication equipment , and a mechanist to open and close the gate automatically .
1- The lower part of the tower should serve as a shelter for the guards , when needed .
Going up the tower should be from inside .
2- The towers should be located in a manner where they can easily communicate with one another , and totally cover the area they are guarding .
They should have telescopes in order to constantly control the areas around them .
3- Entrances to the towers should be totally camouflaged .
4- They should have a protruding area to better control their surroundings .
The patrol should be armed with light weapon such as Kalashnikovs and RPGs , and cover the area on foot .
These patrols comb the greater area surrounding the location periodically ; anywhere between 3 and four times a week The patrol should be lead by a security officer in order to take immediate actions if the need arises .
The area patrol is different from the single patrol in that : 1- It has a vehicle equipped with a machine gun 2- It can use horses to canvass the area , but the patrol should be formed of 2 or 3 people at least
This kind of protection should be done without drawing attention so that people inside the location would feel at ease .
The location should have a fence with towers that is equipped with visual and aural equipment .
A strict control system should cover the above items .
The security team should : A : Publish a periodic bulletin and distribute to all residents , advising them how to safely store gaz and logs B : Keep the firefighters alert at all times C : Report any thing that might be a fire hazard D : Warn against the safety of children 's toys E : Urge everyone to take precautions and guard their homes tightly
Requirements of joining AL QAEDA : 1 - Abiding by AL QAEDA rules , its beliefs and objectives as previously mentioned 2 - Obedience to the leaders in charge as much as possible , without disobeying Islamic rules 3 - No connection between AL QAEDA membership and any other Islamic group 4 - Maintain secrecy in work-related issues 5- Physically healthy ( except in administrative work ) 6- The candidate should not be in question when it comes to religion , integrity or his morality 7- Reciting the pledge of AL-QAEDA .
3- Request for vacation travel should be submitted two and a half months before the travel date .
2- Disputes related to AL-QAEDA missions between member brethren should be judged by qualified personnel , which is carried out by the immediate commander ( Amir ) of the conflicting parties .
Corrupted courts should not judge the matter .
Um , but I think if we quit , uh , building these Taj Mahals with the color TVs and sixty dollars sixty thousand a year to keep an inmate in there - on a - on a - on a life sentence , we should start hanging them and get it over with and let 's just screwing up the system uh .
Um I personally think to set a mark with the judicial system and we 're talking about criminal - criminal cases that they should bring back .
Because they just say there 's either no room in the system , you know , in the jails for them or , you know , it 's just that it seems like the automatic sentences - if - if a judge has leeway on what he 's going to , you know , sentence someone for between , you know , two months and uh fifty years and you know what 's his whim to decide it should be two months .
So to me if somebody has life , you know , beyond a reasonable doubt , they should - that should be it - you know , particularly for some of these really .
It almost should be the first twelve people that they - you know - that have on a list are the ones that are on the jury and that 's it .
They banded themselves into a society which should never be dissolved until the work was done .
Anyone who wants to appreciate just how bizarre this situation is -- with students who ca n't add or subtract `` learning '' the conceptual basis of mathematical theory -- should read the article by Caleb Nelson ( himself a recent math major at Harvard ) in the November American Spectator .
It was difficult for the Government to judge in present circumstances whether a majority of the electors desired that capital punishment should be abolished . 
The Board desires that all lessons in physical exercise … should be thoroughly enjoyed by the children . 
This is in contrast with Mr Bangemann 's declaration on Monday that West Germans should not be asked to choose between their desire to overcome Germany 's division and their support for greater European integration . 
Who else but Galwey should arrive full steam at his shoulder , outpacing even Simon Geoghegan in his hunger for the ball . 
They could feel angry , embarrassed and even guilty because of the comments of over-anxious parents who keep hinting about their longing for grandchildren , or make it clear that they think there should be no more . 
Neither lexicographers nor political theorists can or should hope to halt this process of constant revision , although they may legitimately aspire to guide or nudge it in one direction rather than another . 
Sir Adrian believes that today young people aspiring to industry should seriously think about setting up their own small firms . 
The testator is eager that his wife should leave nothing to her brother . 
I was eager that Burma should remain within the British Commonwealth , for the sake of Burma and not in the interests of Britain and her trade . 
Should n't producers have welcomed the society 's aspiration to fertilize British film ideas and draw new talent into the cinema ? 
Why else should I still be yearning after a man whom I knew to be a murderer while shrinking from the innocent Syl whose only crime was that I found him unattractive ? 
" And in the rare event that I should miss , young Mister Deadeye here will be raring to let fly with a deadly Holland and Holland cannon of the same calibre .
Presumably the footballing establishment thought Middlesbrough should simply sit back and accept their dismal fate .
Detained under a section of the Mental Health Act in the first place , these patients had responded to treatment in hospital , and their leave was subject to a requirement that treatment should be continued outside hospital . 
Teachers should differentiate clearly between different kinds of correction , and avoid indiscriminate correction . 
You should be able to differentiate between A and B roads , dual carriageways and minor roads , and between towns , hamlets and villages . 
None of these religions has satisfied its real purpose , which is to provide fully acceptable and uncontentious guidance in human discrimination between right and wrong , and in the behaviour that should stem from that discrimination . 
Although it is tempting to suggest that analogous neurons are involved in the orientation discrimination of bees , this temptation should be resisted -- at least for the time being . 
The images were easily distinguishable by eye and even with the rather crude resolution obtainable with this camera there should be no difficulty in distinguishing them by software . 
The viewer should be able to distinguish easily between static and dynamic elements , between important and unimportant details , between subject and background "  ( ibid . 
Should the criminal law really distinguish between unmarried and married couples when it comes to dealing with rape ? 
Mis-recognitions and errors of spelling are impossible to distinguish from each other , given the nature of the data output from the pattern recogniser , however they should be detected and corrected if possible . 
Additions should be sorted into descending order . 
Such a possibility should be considered in all patients with unstable asthma that is difficult to control with conventional treatment . 
There should be seats and toilets within easy access . 
Should some delegate impede the wishes of the people , it will be an easy matter of removing him . 
Results should be immediately available and easy to interpret .
6. The standard should be easy to implement .
Screening tests should be easy , affordable , widely available , and predictive .
` But I saw him tear a parking ticket off the windscreen , so it should n't be too hard for you to trace him . " 
Today should be interesting as people realize how hard life is going to be here for a while .
It is expected that a lexicographer should be able to process some 75 entries a day doing trivial editing tasks and between 10 and 12 entries a day resolving complex editorial tasks . 
` I was always proud to play for my country and I 'm baffled why I should have been omitted in the first place , for the linesman incident was trivial . 
By this stage , you could be feeling that you are quite an old hand at Christmas video making ; if so , recording the party should be child 's play in every sense .
Pushing the wheelbarrow should have been child 's play , but I still could not get the hang of it .
He decided it should be ten metres high with four-metre thick reinforced concrete walls but the workmen were sloppy and the concrete cracked . 
1- The fence which is built out of bricks or concrete should be 4 meters high , then topped with one meter high barbed wire fence .
The ditch should be 30 centimeters deep and 20 centimeters wide .
Some part of the pond should be at least two feet deep to allow oxygenating plants , essential if fish are to be kept in the pond , to flourish . 
We postulate that a large fraction of H +-ATPase-specfic Cy-labeled targets ( which on average should be 100 - 200 nucleotides long ) were available for hybridization to complementary sequences found on the longer PCR amplicon probe but absent on the shorter 70-mer probe ( for example , sequences downstream of the 70-mer ) .
The container should have a water depth of about half to three quarters of an inch . 
They should be kept , on their own , in tanks no less than five feet in length .
Your tank , despite its length , holds only 240 litres , which should be turned over once every hour .
The steps should have a minimum width of 600mm ( 2ft ) , and at least 900mm ( 3ft ) if people will want to pass each other . 
He should consider his victory a mandate to continue his growth-oriented economic reforms and not a demand that he move further left .
The club is based seven miles west of Colchester and has good social facilities.Anyone interested in applying for the post should contact secretary Kevin Roberts on 0206 570983 after 6 pm .
WACC 's Forum Programme should do all it can to facilitate the debate and draw practical and , if possible , legal conclusions . 
They debated about whether it was right for Tinkerbell to look such a ` raggedy " fairy : should she have worn a dress ? 
Students should therefore be encouraged to debate the issues before moving on to the next question . 
Yet both teachers and children 's librarians have much in common , and it is always desirable that there should be continual personal dialogue between them . 
Prospects for the dialogue became even bleaker in November with the USA insisting that the PLO should accept Egypt 's naming of the Palestinian delegation to a suggested dialogue with Israel . 
The government 's own position was that conflicting property claims should , if possible , be resolved by arbitration within the context of a national dialogue between trade unions and business leaders [ see p. 37771 ] . 
We should not discuss the Bill without understanding the climate and context in which it is being introduced . 
Even in private encounters , judges do not discuss their cases with politicians , and in return politicians should avoid embarrassing judges by involving them in what are essentially political issues . 
Do you want to discuss with her if you should get Dr Patel in ? 
Church business should not be discussed in the bedroom . " 
The aim of arguments and discussions between supporters of rival paradigms should be persuasion rather than compulsion. 
` We do n't like to have big discussions as to how our art should be . "
January 1912 opened with a proposal by Wilson to the Shipping Federation that there should be a joint conference with the union in the following March . 
It might seem odd that the Minister for the Interior , rather than the Foreign Minister , Beigbeder , should be entrusted with the mission of parleying with Hitler . 
` Cyclists should dismount and walk up all gradients greater than 1-in-17 , especially on roads which are poorly constructed and have rocky surfaces .
Nor do I think that it is disgraceful if two men of a loving disposition should set up home together .
` It is disgraceful the chancellor should get this money and that no one should be told about it . "
Afterwards Neil Cochrane thought that he should have struck Havvie down then , but shock at learning who McAllister really was had him in its grip , and he let the shameful accusation go by .
Is it not shameful that Britain should opt out in that way ?
The security team should : A : Publish a periodic bulletin and distribute to all residents , advising them how to safely store gaz and logs B : Keep the firefighters alert at all times C : Report any thing that might be a fire hazard D : Warn against the safety of children 's toys E : Urge everyone to take precautions and guard their homes tightly
The technique in brush application should be to spread the liquid generously over the surface and onto cracks . 
Natural philosophy should not be thought deficient because we are ignorant of the ultimate causes of the characteristic properties and regular behaviour of things .
But though the camera may be at gut level , a cerebral decision has placed it there , and it is characteristic of Greenaway that he should stylise a major element of his film in this way .
But it is entirely characteristic of Williams , whose head was always buzzing with Dante , and with the dangerous borderlines between sacred and profane love , that he should have read The Allegory in that way .
I think all signature models should carry a warning that the potential purchaser will not automatically sound like the player the guitar has been designed to serve .
When long hair was the trademark of the hippy and the dropout , it is to be expected that an anti-hippy movement should adopt short hair .
The charter says these positions should be filled by people who reflect the population in terms of race , gender , sexuality , and disability . 
It is important , too , that a particular class group or year group should enjoy varied experiences on different visits .
It should be clear from our list of terms above that there is quite a pronounced divide between ectotherms and endotherms , with the latter having a more varied range of thermoregulatory techniques .
You should always ask for a certificate of guarantee when you buy gold or jewelry .
It should be noted that although the need itself is culturally universal , the means of its satisfaction is culturally determined .
Should considerations of efficiency dominate those of welfare ?
They should have done much better as they dominated for long spells , but failed miserably in the art of scoring .
Ex. 31 , and the following examples in short score , should be copied out in full score with the proper clefs and transpositions . 
All completed forms should be photocopied before being issued to the New OED Computer Group for actioning . 
First , we shall be publishing with HMSO a book on Slezer to accompany the exhibition , and should like your permission to reproduce your drawings in this book . 
Furthermore , to avoid the necessity of duplication of records , there should be a place for recording the profiling categories common to most record of achievement schemes . 
The issues of a book during the first year after its publication are likely to be influenced artificially by publicity , so that duplication during this period should be exercised as sparingly as possible . 
Furthermore , to avoid the necessity of duplication of records , there should be a place for recording the profiling categories common to most record of achievement schemes . 
Physicians should discourage the chronic use of costly systemic drugs whose unwanted consequences may be more troublesome than IBS itself . 
Auditors should recognise the public 's ` enduring " expectation that they should detect material fraud and accept the role , it says . 
They would still like to have some toddler swings for the playing field and as an interim measure it was suggested that one of the existing swings should be fitted with a suitable toddler seat . 
There was lengthy discussion on which format the Tournament should take as there was no specific programme or rules to follow . 
Holmes and Forster interpreted this pattern as indicating that a listener 's processing load is least at clause boundaries , since reaction time should be shortest when a subject has the smallest processing load . 
Pauses should not be too short . 
" Yes , " he reported , after a short examination of the grass bed , " a number twelve shoe , I should say .
Although the number of operations partly determines how long it takes to get a garment through production , other factors come into play , including the firm 's policy about how many finished coats should be allowed to build up in work-in-process and finished goods inventory .
However , a system to rapidly detect and report resistant organisms in individual patients should be in place to ensure a rapid response by caregivers .
You should feel capable of doing more and therefore you will become more of a busy , dynamic person .
Things are happening -- the fat stores are depleting , the body is looking better already and you should be feeling more energetic .
Charlotte knew she should glean as much as she possibly could , but her brain seemed sluggish and uninventive .
Flow on this stretch is usually sluggish but today , with the extra water , the flow is much quicker but I should still be able to use a waggler .
He should do more to reduce tax rates on wealth and income , in recognition of the fact that those cuts yield higher , not lower , revenues .
He should do more to reduce tax rates on wealth and income , in recognition of the fact that those cuts yield higher , not lower , revenues .
` We should have looked first ! " he declared abjectly when all they could see of the scene below and beyond was of rooftops and forest shrouded in mist and rain .
He should consider his victory a mandate to continue his growth-oriented economic reforms and not a demand that he move further left .
The result is an adversarial but illuminating work which , though heavy going in places , should be compulsory reading for all students of English literature and all students of science . 
-- Most important of all , schools should have principals with a large measure of authority over the faculty , the curriculum , and all matters of student discipline .
-- Students should move up the educational ladder as their academic potential allows .
No student should be permitted to be graduated from elementary school without having mastered the 3 R 's at the level that prevailed 20 years ago .
Anyone who wants to appreciate just how bizarre this situation is -- with students who ca n't add or subtract `` learning '' the conceptual basis of mathematical theory -- should read the article by Caleb Nelson ( himself a recent math major at Harvard ) in the November American Spectator .
They can and should be made readily accessible to teachers and pupils in English as in other subjects . 
This study looked at addition sums of a very elementary level which the Mathematics 5-14 document suggests should be attained at Level B or by most pupils in primary 4 . 
It should be remembered , however , that the results of this project were obtained from 4th year pupils , not the 5th year , and that the schools involved were not operating a GCSE curriculum . 
There is another important reason why the oldest primary pupils should not be taught exclusively by their class teacher . 
In the latter part of the 1980s , the government has initiated a more wide-ranging change in the curriculum so that all secondary school pupils should do one or more ` practical " subjects . 
All language teachers should be encouraged to teach about the nature of language and should be explicitly trained in methods of doing this and co-operating with other teachers in so doing . 
My Group was anxious that all teachers should understand and think about the ideological assumptions implied by their approach to the teaching of English , for this is one way to overcome dogmatism . 
And there is even less agreement among secondary teachers of first-year pupils about how they should build upon the curriculum of top juniors . 
His tutor , Dr Lindsell , declared , ` God keep Nick in a right mind and way , for if he should turn schismatic or heretic , he would make work for all the world . " 
Examination scripts should be marked by the subject tutors within two to three weeks of students sitting the examinations . 
The Business and Technician Education Council is such a company and you should ask your course tutor to see one of their communications to see how they display their limited liability status . 
Now I should have to study the English language in earnest , keeping one chapter ahead of the students each week . 
Anyone who wants to appreciate just how bizarre this situation is -- with students who ca n't add or subtract `` learning '' the conceptual basis of mathematical theory -- should read the article by Caleb Nelson ( himself a recent math major at Harvard ) in the November American Spectator .
Counsel and care suggests care staff should be trained to fit and adjust hearing aids .
We must train staff to teach as effectively as possible and should encourage them to see this as an important part of their job .
We should be concerned about whether a science teacher is available to teach a science lesson , or whether the only person available is someone trained over a very short period .
Parents should be involved with their children 's education at home , not in school .
No student should be permitted to be graduated from elementary school without having mastered the 3 R 's at the level that prevailed 20 years ago .
Such black holes should now be emitting hard gamma rays with an energy of about 100 million electron volts . 
However , when I did the calculation , I found , to my surprise and annoyance , that even nonrotating black holes should apparently create and emit particles at a steady rate . 
It ca n't help that he is fretting about possessions when he should be worrying about the state of his marriage . 
And I should n't worry about suiting . 
She was appalled that women should be attended by male doctors , and of male attendance in childbirth she wrote : 
There was really no reason why Star should be cross . 
He should n't be disappointed . 
Somerset are furious over suggestions that ` The Ghost " , who took 8 for 122 , should be left out . 
They must be mad that they should expect such a delicate business as his preparation of Vologsky to be speeded up as though it was a crude operation on a factory bench . 
` I should think you 're pleased , are n't you ? " asked Charles genially . 
Later he said : ` I guess Welsh fans were pretty upset at losing , but you should not show bad sportsmanship . 
He is also believed to be embarrassed that one person should be earning so much when the recession and heavy unemployment has badly affected Coventry and the surrounding area . 
He felt guilty as he thought of Maeve 's sweet face , and embarrassed that he should be so powerfully attracted to a woman dedicated to God . 
It should have been irresistible and yet we hesitated , embarrassed at having taken so long . 
Stephen Spielberg says anxious parents should view it first . 
Anyone who is not relaxed and glowing with a sense of well-being at the wheel of a good Stag should keep their money in the building society . 
A simple family record should be equally simple in its choice of words and spoken in a natural and relaxed tone of voice . 
If you do feel revolted when you watch the patient eat , you should not feel guilty about it , but neither should you let yourself become irritable with the patient over it . 
Your lists of goals should not put undue pressure on you ; you should not feel stressed . 
If you have symptoms that you think may be caused by food intolerance you should not feel affronted if the doctor 's initial questions seem rather personal and irrelevant to the aches and pains being suffered . 
Lineker became incensed when Taylor went public , not only questioning whether Lineker should remain as captain , but whether his form justified a place in the side -- even though he was maintaining his phenomenal strike rate . 
De Gaulle was incensed , ordered Massu 's recall to Paris , and , against the advice of several senior advisers , insisted that Massu should not be permitted to return to his command . 
` I am very happy with the way I am playing but I accept that he believes he should be England 's fly-half . 
Neil Kinnock was happy that his deputy should spell out his commitment to equality as Labour 's objective . 
This ` instinctive revulsion from regulation " is the foundation of his libertarian heritage and it gives rise to a particular vision of how broadcasting should develop and what its purposes should be . 
But , determined that he should n't have the satisfaction of seeing her vexation , she said drily , ` Do n't mention it ; I 'm only glad it was n't rush-hour . " 
` We feel very strongly about that and that the law should be changed for future children , so that they should be spared the anguish of separation and no contact at all . " 
What this implies and should express is the field-worker 's moral commitment to his foreign hosts ; this can be the source of much personal anguish and heart-searching . 
This conclusion should not be seen to reflect callous indifference to individuals who have suffered miserably or fatally at the hands of persons committing ` conventional " crimes ; their agony is real and should never be ignored . 
Apparently the RLD was not aware of the details of the Vanguard accident at that time , but the subsequent publication of the report on the accident should have reinforced their disquiet . 
Listening to parents in the playground and at more formal events such as parents ' evenings should alert staff to early stages of parental disquiet . 
Members requested the committee 's sorrow that the work had begun without permission should be passed on to the county council . 
I have seen him as Grimes many times and never without a sense of embarrassment that this finely sensitive singer should have been asked to adopt a vicious role alien to him . 
To avoid boredom one activity should not go on for too long , so always have a variety of activities ready . 
He himself is moved to relieve his distress , but why should my imaginative simulation move me to do the same ? 
After one alarmed glance at her apoplectic face , Mr Loveitt said smoothly : ` I think we should get back to the facts . 
` I was always proud to play for my country and I 'm baffled why I should have been omitted in the first place , for the linesman incident was trivial . 
The Japanese seem baffled , rather than angry , that America should allow people freely to carry handguns ( which are banned in Japan ) , and to shoot intruders . 
What 's so terrible for IMP in that ? " she blustered , still bewildered why he should find the idea of it so important . 
Parents bored with the endless repetition of nursery rhymes should pause to consider that this monotonous activity may be giving their children a head start in their education . 
A son should be concerned for his father 's health . " 
How vulnerable is the United States to BW terrorism , and what types of attacks should it be most concerned about ?
An encouraging voice should always be used , except when you are displeased . 
Then she must sit in the sun before hauling it back up and altogether I was enraged and wished I was in a condition to show her how it should be done . 
The members of the branch were indignant that the government should have planted two spies among them . 
The mystified motorist whose car has gone wrong may know only that it needs repair and that he should take it to a mechanic : his competence to deal with the matter may go no further . 
If you are really nervous of being out and about , invest in a personal alarm , which you should carry in your hand at all times . 
Why people , nervous that their little town was being made into a prime nuclear target , should be less nervous for getting a closer look at the cause of their fears is a question not easily answered . 
I confess I feel perplexed to find that any communication which you may have had with Mr Blair should lead you to think that I would consent to preach at Kildalton as a candidate . 
` You said I was too single-minded about it and should widen my interests , so I am . 
Some years ago , interest in ` speed reading " caused many people to think that all auditory imagery should be suppressed , a view which Smith ( 1978 ) also supported . 
And why should it , he reflected , when a sullen anger smouldered in him still ? 
I was so glad when you came in and I thought I should have someone agreeable to talk to after all . "
Paul was less glad of the news than he should have been , in her opinion ; it was too far from his work at Mrs Gracie 's , he said .
I should be glad to be able to say afterwards that I had solved it without your help . "
The ACCA thinks that too much weight is placed on NEDs and that more emphasis should be given to other mechanisms , such as internal audit and control .
He should consider his victory a mandate to continue his growth-oriented economic reforms and not a demand that he move further left .
The military government believed elections were imperative to accentuate consolidation of the rightists and that the elections should be followed by the extension of Koreanisation .
There seems no good reason why women who employ someone to help with their youngsters while they are at work should not get tax relief on the wages they pay . 
Specialist recovery staff and debt counsellors should be employed , and a firm and consistent approach to warning letters , evictions and legal action to seize and sell tenants ' goods . 
` The Institute of Public Relations in its turn is the guardian of ethics and professional standards and membership should be the benchmark for any organisation seeking to employ a public relations practitioner , " she said . 
2- Disputes related to AL-QAEDA missions between member brethren should be judged by qualified personnel , which is carried out by the immediate commander ( Amir ) of the conflicting parties .
Senior staff should be informed of progress .
If the VAX/VMS disk quota has been exceeded ( check by using VMS command SHOW QUOTA ) , you should inform the System Manager or purge the account of all unnecessary files . 
If the symptoms should start to show following an unavoidable change , say a power failure or similar , the fish will normally be able to rid itself swiftly upon return to normal conditions . 
Bulkheads should be cored to reduce weight and the ends kept as light as possible by using lightweight material or bags for furniture and stowage in the ends . 
Once the machine has been defrosted there should be some means of disposing of the defrost water . 
He said they should have been disarmed by the multinational forces in Haiti .
Aristide said it was an assassination perpetrated by former Haitian soldiers who should have been disarmed by the multinational army in Haiti .
It should be the expression of a lasting respect and self-sacrificing love . 
There is another formulation of essentially the same proposal : semantics should be concerned with meaning out of context , or non-context-dependent meaning , and pragmatics with meaning in context . 
A second approach is to frame the law in such a way as to make it clear that the court should make a moral judgment on the gravity of the defendant 's conduct . 
Consequently , we should not attempt to frame our legal rules with the precision of a logician 's statement of the conditions necessary and sufficient for a determination . 
Answers to these will also need to be worked out and if possible these answers should be framed in such a way that the points you want to make can be slid in as well . 
But before I could phrase the right remark , the question that would show her I saw no reason why in Conchis 's absence she should maintain the pretending to believe , she stood up . 
` And ? " said John , surprised that the usually articulate Comfort should phrase her approval in such pedestrian words . 
It really should not strike you as odd that I have been enquiring into your affairs -- if I may so phrase it . 
` How else should I phrase it ? 
As finally worded , therefore , the order contained no exclusion clause , other than that implied in the phrases " serving in German forces " and " should be disarmed " . 
Proposals should be carefully worded to emphasise that our costs are for the provision of services , rather than equipment , whose ownership could be the subject of later discussion . 
Any problems with the wording of the draft questionnaire should show up at this stage and can be corrected before the real investigation starts . 
If an individual item can not be matched , the wording of this clause should be brought to the attention of the policyholder . 
It was at that meeting that Dista proposed a new wording for the Data sheet -- the standard form of recommendation to doctors on how a drug should be administered . 
In extremely rare cases where the life of the mother is endangered by continuation of the pregnancy , then competent medical advice regarding termination to save life should guide decisions .
A strict control system should cover the above items .
Hong Kong says that only a handful of them should qualify as true refugees fleeing persecution , while the rest are ` economic migrants " escaping the pitiful poverty of their home country . 
He emphasized , however , that the reductions in Soviet military personnel , currently estimated by Western experts to total no more than 7,800 , should not be utilized to compromise Cuba 's security .
The patronal festival of the parish church of St Peter of Tankersley should be the 29th June , but Tankersley Feast always took place during the second week of July .
A degree of anaerobic filtration should take place in this media .
However , it might be thought that where sado-masochism takes place between adult consenting parties and the injury sustained is not serious , the law should not intervene at all .
The Constitutional Court on Feb. 19 also annulled the electoral results in the North African enclave of Melilla and ruled that fresh elections should take place there within six weeks .
And there 's more , as what transpires between October 29 and November 3 should be the making of you , and should make your year complete .
This procedure , it might be supposed , would ensure repeated experience of novelty and should thus be especially effective in reducing neophobia to a test flavour not previously experienced . 
A lot of people said last year that I should n't have had a factory bike , so I was happy that my early results demonstrated I was worthy of an NSR . 
` This spectacular discovery should once and for all prove what shape the original Globe was , " Martin Clout , the theatre architecture historian , said . 
He should know much about steel and about bridges and be capable of combining this knowledge with the undoubted facts revealed by the tests . 
Of course , the paper should have mentioned that this hardly counts against the idea of streamlining bureaucracy -- it only shows that not all reinventions are equally good ones .
Someone has to come up with an argument that shows why their preferred form of social organization should induce the rest of us as rational agents to sign on to their program .
The larger the variation is , the higher the inventory level should be for an item to satisfy demand , as shown in the fourth and fifth columns of Table 7.2 .
It also fails to substantiate the claim that death-causing acts or omissions in these situations of known danger should fall within the law of manslaughter rather than some other offence . 
Our work on apparel supplier adjustments to lean retailing suggests that an economy characterized by an increasing level of modern manufacturing and retailing practices should experience lower levels of inventories relative to sales .
It should be noted that although some mouse ESTs do match in BLAST searches , suggesting the existence of a murine 3635 protein , its C-terminal region could not be predicted in its entirety because of the lack of corresponding overlapping ESTs or genomic sequences .
But a hundred things should have indicated to you that my father is a figure of unusual distinction from whom you may learn a wealth of things were you prepared to be more observant . "
And they must advance an argument about why human nature , which has presumably evolved in response to an enormous array of random forces , tells us anything about what is good or desirable in terms of the traits humans should possess .
The blue should have reminded her of his flaming , instead of entrancing her by its own beauty , the beauty which had seemed to be utter and complete in itself .
Everything which recalled the past of tsarist Russia should be destroyed and replaced by new Soviet forms .
Admission procedures for the BMus in Musical Technology are also noted in the Admissions section : students should have reached a standard equivalent to Grade VII of the Associated Board examinations in any recognised instrument . 
Arguably , assessment of performance should not be mixed with educational supervision , though manpower considerations might necessitate such a dual role for the educational supervisor . 
But the bulk of assessment in speaking and listening should be conducted locally , recorded by teachers in a common format devised by SEAC in consultation with NCC and CCW . 
The policy review concluded that the United States should seek `` improved implementation of the Agreed Framework , verifiable constraints on North Korea 's missile program , a ban on missile exports , and a less threatening North Korean conventional military posture . ''
According to the Rev. William Forster , who visited her in jail , she had prayed that the weather on the day of her execution should be fine . 
As Domestic Rates will cease to exist in April 1990 , tenants who pay their rates in this way should ensure that their rent is reduced by the landlord to reflect this change .
Because they just say there 's either no room in the system , you know , in the jails for them or , you know , it 's just that it seems like the automatic sentences - if - if a judge has leeway on what he 's going to , you know , sentence someone for between , you know , two months and uh fifty years and you know what 's his whim to decide it should be two months .
It should expand to 50-60 by the end of the year . 
Sukarno should have anticipated what happened : his arrest in August 1933 . 
Production should reach 20,000 b/d by the end of 1993 with full production anticipated to plateau at 100,000 b/d says Haltenbanken asset manager Per Otto Selnes . 
Julia said soothingly , ` Why should Canon Wheeler be expected by the police to know about keys ? " 
Admittedly , SHe foresaw he would probably be difficult about it , but that should not be a major problem . 
The producer should reasonably foresee what might be done with the goods , such as predictable misuse by a child . 
That a movement beginning as a breakaway group within Judaism should end by capturing the imperial palace could hardly have been foreseen by the Emperors Tiberius or Nero . 
If the act should have been foreseen by a reasonable man as likely , it would not break the chain of causation . 
The discovery should have been predicted a decade earlier by Einstein . 
His employers argued that the onset of this rare and serious illness was not reasonably foreseeable and , therefore , they should not be liable for the consequences . 
Nor , says Mr Imai , should they be allowed to write off the exorbitant sums they spend on promoting group-wide harmony . 
They may seem inexpensive , but a will is a legal document and should be drawn up carefully and signed and witnessed in a particular way . 
All 32 of the low-cost , semi-detached and terraced homes at The Elms , in Marton Grove , have been snapped up and there is a lengthy waiting list should any of the prospective buyers pull out . 
This includes a lower bed , so that if they fall out they should not hurt themselves . 
On the other hand , if I did slip and break my hip I should no doubt be dead by the morning . 
` All right , I sprained my wrist , " Preston admitted , ` but you should have seen the other bloke . " 
You should have been a guerrilla leader , Sara , you delight in winning small skirmishes . " 
Even if some of them come for what others hold to be a wrong reason , they should not be discouraged or their motives despised . 
I dislike using them in conversation , for they can add a measure of artificiality to what should otherwise be casual . 
I told her how much I disliked Katherine Mansfield as a personality , and she faintly rebuked me : ` What I feel is that we should be so grateful to her . " 
She will need time to grieve inwardly a little over these losses and gradually come to terms with them in her own way , so you should not assume that any moods of depression or irritability she has in those early months are a reflection on the efforts you are making to help her to feel ` at home " . 
` We mourn , weep and express a sense of loss for Stephen , " said Fr Burke who said the congregation should give thanks for Ft Lt McNally 's life . 
` It is much to be regretted , that the owner of the Purse Crag should have cut down the beautiful trees , which served so wonderfully to enrich the prospects on this side of the water . 
They remembered Phoebe from Oxford days , and she could not fail to notice their thinly veiled compassion for Rachel that her brilliant daughter should have turned out so odd , so unsatisfactory . 
I think yes there may well be an apathy and one should challenge that , but we do n't want people to be unwise with their love and compassion . 
Yet more instructions are given as to how the people should live , how they should avoid oppression , and show true compassion for the poor and the vulnerable . 
To both of them , the human sacrifice of 1914-18 created not just a deep loathing of war but also a determination that such sacrifice should not be in vain . 
I should also convey the regrets of the hon. Member for Ashford ( Mr. Speed ) that he can not be present this evening . 
Rachel walked behind him , dishevelled , weary and full of resentment that Damian Flint should look as cool and immaculate as he had when he 'd first arrived . 
The whole setting is thoroughly authenticated and everything leads nicely into Frank 's deep resentment as a worker of Polish extraction gets the promotion that should have been his . 
Why should there be so much adoration of Esther Rantzen and so much favouritism extended towards her , and so much envy of and hostility towards the quite blameless , devastatingly lovely and completely inoffensive Selina Scott ? " 
He says that any cavers worried for their health should get a medical check up . 
You may find that older dogs are nervous under these circumstances , if they have never been on a train or bus before , and you should always try to reassure them with your tone of voice . 
Sir Sidney Barton was apprehensive for my safety and suggested I should join him and Lord Airlie on a short hunting trip near the Awash Station . 
Anyone else who is interested in sponsoring Richardson should contact Phil Thomas on Stockton 607865 .
Taking all this into account , we have to ask why the extraterrestrials should be remotely interested in seeding distant planets .
If parents are dissatisfied with a school , they should have the option of switching to another .
Oh , dear , I should 've warned you , so you would n't be alarmed . " 
It never ceased to amaze her that she should have given birth to such tall children . 
It amazed her that she should find it difficult to tell him . 
It angered her that anyone 's work should be treated cavalierly because someone with a little authority regarded a newsroom as a draughts board . 
It annoyed her intensely that she should have thought for a moment that the dreadful feeling she 'd experienced when he 'd told her he had an engagement was jealousy . 
However , as a matter of principle it annoys Hon. Members to think that Welsh Members should adopt such an attitude , because millions of pounds of English taxpayers ' money are directed towards Wales . 
It astonished me that a man who had kept his head under the most severe stresses and strains should lose both nerve and judgement in this way . 
That there should be such a variety of species of one kind of creature astounded him . 
I was cheered up by Barbara Amiel 's suggestion ( in the ` Sunday Times " ) that the winners should have a good gloat . 
Surely we should not be comforted by the thought that others are worse off ! 
The diplomatic débâcle strengthened the hands of ministers who urged that the fierce police measures taken against sedition during 1879 should be combined with efforts to conciliate less intransigent critics . 
In order to conciliate the Ukrainian peasants , the agrarian policy of the Party should not be implemented . 
For the time being Macmillan advised the cabinet that Britain should try to conciliate Egypt and persuade Washington to do the same . 
Does it confuse you that I should do the talking and you the listening ? 
I 'd asked that he should n't be bottle fed with my expressed milk as it can be more difficult to establish breastfeeding if a baby is confused by a teat . 
That should console anyone . " 
You should n't let him depress you like this . " 
` If my brother displeases you , " she said , ` you should send him away . " 
It distressed her that her vicar should be seen charging through the town with his underpants showing through his trousers . 
Even the Live Aid concert that July distressed him -- ` I should never have gone . 
Witte ordered the body hustled out of sight and dispatched the train at once , so that the Tsar should not be distressed by the sight . 
Secondly , he was disturbed by the fact that spiritual truths did n't stir his emotions or grip his imagination as much as he felt they should . 
She was already determined that nothing should ever frighten her . 
We should beware of supposing that , if Pound from the shades is looking at this present occasion , he is unreservedly gratified by what he sees . 
Above the level of the desperately poor , those who could were self-helping to a degree which should have gratified those who for so long preached the doctrine . 
` Why should your father want to humiliate you ? " 
Grown men should n't humiliate themselves like this . 
Quite why females should be so impressed by plumes , iridescent colours and whirling displays is an interesting question . 
It will strengthen your case should you be so infuriated by a label that you decided to take it to your local trading standards officer . 
In a secondary sort of way she knew that , beyond the opportunity to please and placate Maman , there was more for her to give if she should eat the horrible spinach . 
It puzzled him beyond measure that the boy should have stumbled upon this private area . 
She did remember that a word sounding like ` sewers " was uttered , and it puzzled her to think why anyone should be ringing in the middle of the night to enquire about the state of the sewers . 
At the age of 21 -- with real fears that he may never work again -- Mike is a statistic that should shame John Major . 
It startled her that he should know this much when she had tried so hard to be circumspect in making her enquiries . 
It surprised her that such division should be considered necessary . 
When you 're a child they say , ` You know you should n't do that " , and they give you a bloody good rollicking and leave it at that -- they try to terrify you . 
That statistic should unsettle those bankers now contemplating a merger . 
It upset him that all the mourners should be women . 
Students ( particularly advanced students ) are frequently vexed by doubts as to the amount of detail that they should put into their answer . 
But , determined that he should n't have the satisfaction of seeing her vexation , she said drily , ` Do n't mention it ; I 'm only glad it was n't rush-hour . " 
She was still shaken that anyone should calmly kiss her when she had not been long widowed , but his remark stung her into retort . 
The fact that Governors need only pay £20 flabbergasted me … anyone desiring the privilege of that title should certainly be asked to contribute £50pa . 
An investment overview should therefore quickly impart the essential basic information which will interest the potential purchaser . 
She was also offended that a young man as charming and eligible as Lord John should flaunt his foolishness . 
The evident squabble over the country 's soul is bound to offend those who stubbornly express the wish that religion and politics should be kept in discreet compartments . 
Children have voracious appetites for authenticity , but in drama we should never intimidate them with factual information . 
The corruption , cynicism and disillusionment which now proliferate should not mystify us . 
Why should he hesitate to crush her ?
She should have left Rome as she 'd planned , she should never have looked into her heart and discovered a truth that could destroy her .
58% of subjects believed that people with TB should be quarantined , and 63% perceived TB as a severe social stigma , endorsing the item ` if you have TB no-one wants to be around you , even people you thought were your friends '' .
There is no reason why a legal issue should not be determined by a legal expert . 
However , you are not likely to find bargains , and you should be aware that unless you are an expert , you can end up with a fake .
Calvert reckons Kamtronics ' centrally controlled design together with the broad scope of design and manufacturing expertise it offers should prove very attractive to customers . 
Transfer from special school to integrated provision as a pupil gains mastery of specialised skills or transfer from integrated provision to special provision for specific reasons should be neither surprising nor impossible . 
Engineers should be familiar with these issues and good design practices . 
That teacher education should recognise the need for all teachers to be familiar with research on classroom interaction and language use in educational settings . 
They should be familiar with the work of all their colleagues in media , research and production . 
Branches should also be familiar with Helpline 's Traders List for their own geographical area and continue to monitor the costs and standard of services provided . 
Health - care providers should be very familiar with the perioperative management of type 1 diabetes ; with individualized insulin and glucose variable infusions , young patients affected by type 1 diabetes can undergo surgery with a minimal risk .
The old pros used to test their caddies right at the start of the round by asking them , ` What do you have ? " , knowing full well what club it should be . 
And one brother is very conversant , I should imagine , with the inside of a courtroom , from what passed between him and the policeman . 
You should be an experienced dinghy sailor ( regularly sails with inexperienced crews ) who has also spend at least six days living and sailing in a small sailing cruiser . 
But I would like to mention that conflicting evidence is not always the result of a social worker being inexperienced and taken in easily by appearances when he or she should obviously have checked with an independent source . 
15.31 Pupils should have increasing opportunities to develop proficiency in spoken Standard English , in contexts where it is evidently appropriate . 
One might well ask why the violinist Felice Giardini should have wished to take on this administrative burden , celebrated as he was as one of the principal virtuosos in London 's concert life . 
However , there are planning experts who say Hampshire has been adept at arguing down what its proper share should be . 
A true mystical experience is not only intended to make the adept less egotistic but it should also make him more alert and help him to function better . 
But Labour , which is blaming the Government for gross incompetence , says it 's wrong that the public should foot the bill . 
Though banks have proved inept at merging , big ones in the same market should be able to achieve 30% cost savings . 
An acquisition provides immediate access to the local deposit market ( and lending opportunities ) while the existing management should be knowledgeable of the local economy . 
4- They should have a protruding area to better control their surroundings .
" If I didn 't know you were a good man , Walters , I should put a black mark against you for this .
At first glance , Wilson should have been a superlative practitioner of Cabinet government .
That this should be a political force is also explained in part by Qaddafi 's rhetoric of individual autonomy and the social factor .
The policy review concluded that the United States should seek `` improved implementation of the Agreed Framework , verifiable constraints on North Korea 's missile program , a ban on missile exports , and a less threatening North Korean conventional military posture . ''
A meeting which just airs views is quite legitimate but every one present should be aware of it .
In secondary schools , in particular , this statement should be aired frequently to focus attention on the processes and practices adopted in the name of education .
In doing so I should like to express my gratitude to the late Herman Dooyeweerd and to Irving Kristol both of whom have influenced my thinking .
Although frequently expressed in curious language , it should be regarded as assisting all concerned in providing probably the best statement yet of what the pursuer 's case is .
I should like to express here , as I have done outside the House , my deepest sympathy to the bereaved and to the families of those who were injured . 
Since the former All Blacks ' captain has seen a lot of Back , and still knows the New Zealand scene so well , that opinion , voiced sincerely , should surely not be lightly dismissed . 
Voicing concern about the alleged abuses , Councillor Elizabeth Leitch , of Monklands District , said : ` We should not be asking for changes here but demanding changes . 
Meanwhile , Tory backbenchers voiced their concern that speedy action should be taken over juvenile crime when about 25 MPs met Mr Clarke for more than an hour at a private meeting at the Commons . 
Procedures should define how employees should voice their grievances , in such a way that they do not jeopardise their position . 
This need was powerfully articulated during each visit , as , for example , by the head of School G : I think that every school library should have a qualified off-the-staff school librarian .
We believe that the maximum sentence for such a crime should reflect its gravity .
When compiling the timetable , a time should be selected to enable the maximum number of trained staff to attend .
It should be noted that for the maximum production per female , pair mating is best .
In general , where the company is obliged to pay ex gratia amounts in excess of the legal minimum , the full cost of the redundancy payments including the legal minimum should normally be provided .
The sail should be rigged with the minimum amount of mast showing at deck level .
To ensure that a minimum UK standard is met , the National Boards should undertake the approval of programmes .
It really did n't seem fair that life should be throwing this at her all at once . 
Giving you a fair deal means that he should follow a reasonable procedure before taking a final decision that you must part company . 
It was n't fair that a king should give up his throne for her , and not for the weaver 's daughter . 
` But it is not fair that your remorse should be turned in the direction of seeking someone else to blame . " 
It 's a fair cop : I think all taxpayers should pay the same rate of tax .
An editorial in the Pioneer of India said that `` the polling , it is true , has not in all cases been as peaceful or free and fair as it should be in an ideal situation , but then nobody has ever suggested that Indian politics today even remotely approximated the ideal . ''
` It seems unfair that a few farmers should have to carry the cost of the consequences of what is after all a national policy . 
` It is manifestly unfair that the alcoholic content of Scotch Whisky should be taxed almost twice as heavily as that of beer or wine . 
` But I feel it 's a bit unfair that he should try to use a few Press photographs as an excuse ! " 
It was unfair of me ; I should n't have interrupted . " 
It seems very unjust that D should have been required to pay Mrs. Bennett 's debt ; but note that he could probably have recovered the money from her as money paid to her use . 
The letter concludes : " it seems very unjust that young people who are determined to improve things for themselves after a bad start in life should be faced with such an uphill struggle . " 
Gandhi claims that it can not be used in an unjust cause but what he might mean is that it should not be used in an unjust cause . 
Clearly it is not part of the reason for any government 's authority that it should pass unjust or immoral laws . 
But it is unjust that the individual 's right of access to the courts should be restricted solely on the ground that there has been delay in making the application . 
If the reason girls achieve less than boys is because of remediable educational or social conditions which disadvantage them , then it is clearly unjust that girls should get a less fair deal than boys . 
Since sexism is unjust you should make it a point to put women in positions where they have a chance to overcome their historic powerlessness . 
His preferred solution was that , as in cases of mistake of fact , money paid under a mistake of law should be recoverable if it would be unjust for the recipient to retain it . 
The size of the forces which might be raised by these primitive and inequitable means , especially at moments of real crisis , should not be under-estimated . 
Dublin theater is legendary , and no visitor should miss seeing a performance at the Abbey Theatre or Gate Theatre .
Dublin theater is legendary , and no visitor should miss seeing a performance at the Abbey Theatre or Gate Theatre .
The threads of the male iron parts of these fittings should all be wrapped with PTFE tape to ensure a watertight seal .
` If anyone could see into my heart , I should feel quite ashamed " , he wrote to his wife . 
Should she feel guilt ? 
This kind of protection should be done without drawing attention so that people inside the location would feel at ease .
Dublin theater is legendary , and no visitor should miss seeing a performance at the Abbey Theatre or Gate Theatre .
Just as you should not overload your argument with cases , you should not load it with too many separate points of law . 
A brick should have been wrapped in that paper and then inserted well up Chamberlain 's fundamental orifice . 
IT 'S sick that organisers of a fair at Manston in Kent should pump a donkey full of laxatives for a fund-raising gimmick . 
whether we should plant our yards with breadcrumbs 
You should n't have buttered her up when they had dinner here . " 
What I should like to highlight , however , is the fact that , notwithstanding Dicey 's formalism , his theory is suffused with the ideas of the ancient conception of the rule of law . 
The tenders should have stayed behind the cordon of soldiers and doused the crowd from there . 
The papers you are working on are fairly heavy and , unless you are flooding the paper with watercolour , should stand up to washes without the need for stretching . 
Most aid specialists agree that , once the worst of a famine is over , the distribution of free food should be kept to a minimum to avoid flooding local markets . 
He was the match winner at Old Trafford and the selectors should once more be able to see the folly of their ways . 
The winners of that game should take the title ( although others , such as Bridgend are still in with a shout ) and that will be a powerful incentive . 
He should consider his victory a mandate to continue his growth-oriented economic reforms and not a demand that he move further left .
At then end of the day , the victor of the whole Tour should be known . 
If such a problem does arise there is naturally a heavy onus on the company to rectify the adverse conditions , and dismissal for sickness absence should only be a last resort . 
This means that managers in companies that perform well should be paid very much more than they are now ( and the prospects of dismissal for poor performance should be increased ) . 
The dismissal of an HIV-infected employee ( or one erroneously assumed to be HIV-infected ) because co-workers feared transmission of the virus should be remediable . 
With the economy moving out of recession we expect to see fewer clients cutting back and this should help reduce our terminations . 
He gave a shriek that should have woken the village ghosts , and bolted down the road , shivering puddles into glittering clouds around him . 
Finally , if he gets pain at night he should sleep on an extra pillow or raise the head of the bed a few inches to stop the gastric juices flowing upwards into his chest . 
As long as the hole remains clear of debris , if a pipe should split , air leaking into the system through the hole should limit any mess and prevent an accident from turning into a catastrophe . 
This very rich and delicious dish should be served with plain boiled rice or jacket potatoes and a boiled or steamed green vegetable such as Calabrese or Brussels sprouts . 
Carrots : sweet baby carrots should be in the shops now . 
If you are a compulsive nibbler , better you should nibble on raw carrots , sunflower seeds , and pistachio nuts than anything else . 
Chop up your milk-fed lamb -- a kilo should do for four people -- into whatever size you fancy . 
Would not the simplest advice to the British public be that they should always buy British beef , pork and veal ? 
I have included poultry recipes in this book , since I know that many people do not share my feelings , and that a healthy source of nutrients should not be lightly eliminated . 
Why should they eat salt fish , when William and Joe commanded the seas ? 
Most experts agree we should all be eating more fish , especially oily fish like Alaska canned salmon 
Mothers who choose this course of action should not drink cow 's milk themselves , nor should they eat butter , cheese , yoghurt or soya . 
If you are a compulsive nibbler , better you should nibble on raw carrots , sunflower seeds , and pistachio nuts than anything else . 
All that buff paint -- it was so unbabylike ; a nursery should have some pink and blue and lemon in it , like sugared almonds . 
The roux should be cooked and stirred gently until all traces of the flour taste have been removed and the resultant thick sauce can be poured over the mussels and the cooked pasta . 
These should include mild and hot peppers ( the jalapeño pepper is not for the faint hearted ) , and tomato sauces for tacos which can also be used for many other dishes . 
Basque food is traditionally based more on sauces than stews , although you should look out for marmitako , tunny fish stewed with tomatoes , potatoes , green peppers and bread . 
They should be offered a little greenstuff in the form of blanched lettuce or spinach on an occasional basis ( ie. once a week ) . 
Black and white peppercorns are well known to all cooks , but any good delicatessen should also stock green peppercorns , both dried and pickled in brine , and pink pepper berries . 
What should you look for when choosing a ready-made Christmas cake ? 
Part of the problem is that , because we know we should be cutting down on the amount of sugar we eat , we 're turning more and more to diet drinks , which contain artificial sweeteners like saccharin . 
Whisk together the eggs and sugar until very thick -- you should be able to write a four-lettered word in the mixture . 
As for polyunsaturated fats , these are a preferable substitute in our diet , but even they should not be regarded as totally beneficial . 
Foods containing saturated fats should be avoided . 
They say that cider is essentially a fermented fruit juice like wine , and therefore it should be taxed like wine . 
Fresh vegetable soups also feature on some menus -- but delicious as they are you should try to limit those made with cream ( such as lettuce and asparagus ) . 
An adviser said : ` We do not see why we should allow foreign lotteries to take the money when it can be used for the benefit of Britain . "
However , you are not likely to find bargains , and you should be aware that unless you are an expert , you can end up with a fake .
The catechism says homosexuals must abstain from sex , but should be treated with respect and compassion . 
Or perhaps I should say : she forbore from actually striking . 
Mr Menem woos them by saying that both money wages and public-sector employment should rise . 
He should have wooed her , he should have talked to her , made love to her with sweet-talk . 
Everyone close to her knew that Elinor 's unspoken dream was that Miranda -- her only remaining unmarried granddaughter -- should marry into the British aristocracy . 
Fergie , of course , should never have married into the Royal Family at all .
If his parents had not separated , and if they had remained living in Rustenburg ( two big ifs , not necessarily related ) , it is likely that we should never have heard of John Cranko . 
In their view separation should only happen in extreme situations where the child is physically at risk . 
` We feel very strongly about that and that the law should be changed for future children , so that they should be spared the anguish of separation and no contact at all . " 
So it should be clear that the separation of husband and wife has nothing to do with infertility of the woman . 
` In fact my girlfriend Claudia and I have talked about marriage and I do n't see why we should n't wed sometime although we have not set a date . 
If this annual clear up round the farm did n't take place , we should be in a hell of a mess by now . 
The Levellers favoured annual , or at least biennial , elections , and suggested that no one should be allowed to stand as a candidate for two successive parliaments . 
Anyone having difficulty making monthly payments and who wishes to make fortnightly or weekly payments should contact this office without delay . 
After discharge , patients should attend weekly outpatient appointments , moving to fortnightly or monthly attendances as appropriate . 
Should you find that despite all this you do occasionally eat too much , try to take extra exercise , the occasional long walk at least , to work it off . 
The security team should : A : Publish a periodic bulletin and distribute to all residents , advising them how to safely store gaz and logs B : Keep the firefighters alert at all times C : Report any thing that might be a fire hazard D : Warn against the safety of children 's toys E : Urge everyone to take precautions and guard their homes tightly
However , we do not favour a recurring blanket review but propose that all new minerals permissions , as well as existing ones following initial review , should include conditions specifying the timing and content of subsequent reviews . 
You should always ask for a certificate of guarantee when you buy gold or jewelry .
They should have telescopes in order to constantly control the areas around them .
Prisons should be places which are austere but decent , providing a busy and positive regime which prepared prisoners for their ultimate release . 
The European grants , correctly assigned to Northern Ireland due to its isolation within the market and its relative poverty , should not be gobbled up by parsimonious Treasury Ministers as they hide behind the concept of additionality . 
` It is manifestly unjust that a privileged few should continue to accumulate excess goods , squandering available resources while masses of people are living in conditions of misery . 
The therapist had understood , had agreed that poor Mrs Skipton should have a telephone , had thrown up her muscle-roped arms in dismay on hearing of Mr Skipton 's frugality . 
And he should husband his capital accordingly . 
The second one shook his head and gestured we should follow . 
She signalled that they should lower their voices and follow her round the building to a new window smashed through the wall of the cottage . 
There is no reason why a male bird should signal accurate information to its competitors , except in so far as it will scare them away . 
It is difficult , however , to see why the directors should have to take account of the interests of the as yet unidentifiable persons who might acquire shares in the company at some future date . 
People who , with great kindness , acquire a rescued cat from an animal sanctuary , should be prepared for unusual reactions of this kind . 
We should acquire portable dataloggers for data collection in the Edinburgh garden in 1993/94 . 
The recent acquisition of a Tersa cutterblock with a 100 mm cutting edge should increase the scope of shaping on the spindle .
Even if these findings are not confirmed after further study , one could still make a compelling argument that lipid-lowering therapy ( barring contraindications ) should be initiated early and universally in patients who present with an acute coronary syndrome : First , the long-term safety and effectiveness of statins for the secondary prevention of stable coronary disease is well-established [ 1 2 3 ] ; Second , as evidenced by MIRACL , these agents are safe when initiated at the time of hospitalization for an acute coronary syndrome ; Third , the in-hospital initiation of lipid-lowering therapy appears to promote greater long-term utilization of these agents [ 18 19 20 21 ] . Finally , although lipid levels may be unreliable in the setting of an acute coronary syndrome ( excepting total : HDL and LDL:HDL cholesterol ratios [ 22 ] ) the overwhelming majority of patients with coronary disease will ultimately require both pharmacologic and non-pharmacologic lipid-lowering interventions to attain recommended cholesterol targets [ 23 24 25 ] ; newer guidelines are even more stringent [ 26 ] . Furthermore , data from the recently presented Heart Protection Study suggest that clinical benefits may accrue independent of baseline cholesterol level [ 4 ] . Thus , to withhold lipid-lowering therapy from patients who present with an acute coronary syndrome would be to accept the status quo , and to date our efforts at cholesterol lowering in the secondary prevention setting have been dismal [ 27 28 ] .
Because they just say there 's either no room in the system , you know , in the jails for them or , you know , it 's just that it seems like the automatic sentences - if - if a judge has leeway on what he 's going to , you know , sentence someone for between , you know , two months and uh fifty years and you know what 's his whim to decide it should be two months .
St Catherine 's Dock was busy as a Hogarth etching and smelt as if something should have been quietly buried a long time ago . 
An aria should sound exactly as the word describes , as light and inevitable as the air itself ; but to achieve that ! 
Instead of a tax Cefic has suggested that help should be given to eastern Europe to help reduce energy consumption . 
Bowe dethroned Holyfield in November and should the fight go ahead , he will donate his proceeds to help the famine in Somalia . 
Donations of cake/s for the tea should be made to Jean Parmiter .
Former pupils and staff who wish to make a donation towards a gift for Mr Tovey should send contributions to The Rectory , Inveresk Road , Tilston , before July 20 .
Dr Williams said doctors should be put under a legal obligation to approach relatives of patients who have died in intensive care units and would make suitable organ donors .
Paul suggested a way of getting rid of this passivity , arguing that lecturers should give out notes at the beginning of lectures and then : 
Pickets handing out leaflets to passers by may thereby cause harassment , alarm or distress , but they should not be held to be guilty of an offence on that account alone . 
A checklist should be made of all cash , cheques and postal orders received through the post and handed to the cashier for entry into the appropriate records .
Every student should hand in their assignment by Tuesday .
That she should hand her notice in so suddenly !
When he knew of his wife 's pregnancy Ernest requested that none of their names should go into the ballot until after the baby 's birth . 
“ You really think a woman should be forced to have a baby if she does n't want it ? ”
John attempted to convince John 's friend that that friend should loan John some repair implements . 
Crockery and eating utensils should be washed in hot water and detergent . 
Why do people think that inserting a candle into something they have no further use for renders it an indispensable household utensil instead of litter they should be taking home in their rucksacks ? 
You should keep this chart with your cleaning equipment to help cope with an emergency . 
Kitchen equipment -- cooker , refrigerator , washing-machine and spin-drier -- should all be checked to see that they are functioning well and safely . 
The buses should have the following : 1- Light armor and rocket launchers 2- Wireless equipment to report dangerous activities 3- Writing materials to jot down suspicious activities or license plate numbers 4- Sand bags around the buses to protect them from gun fire
4- The Kiosk should be equipped with wireless communication equipment , and a mechanist to open and close the gate automatically .
The location should have a fence with towers that is equipped with visual and aural equipment .
Every member of the warehouse staff should be trained in the use of various portable fire fighting appliances installed within the premises . 
Any electrical appliances should be pointed out to the guests with instructions on use if necessary . 
I could n't decide if I should come home to Marin , because my house is on stilts .
Second , if the key assumption is valid , Democrats should have lower attendance rates on roll-call votes than Republicans do to the extent that such votes reflect national policy making and that participating in such votes takes away from the time a legislator could otherwise devote to local benefit-seeking .
It was the threat of the Americans coming in to replace all aircraft manufacturing for Europe which finally persuaded the Germans they should not back out .
It was the threat of the Americans coming in to replace all aircraft manufacturing for Europe which finally persuaded the Germans they should not back out .
Even UNESCO reneged on the normative aspect of NWICO , advocating instead an ` ongoing process " without really saying where it should lead .
Learn how to ride a ski on a carving edge -- a course of lessons may be necessary -- and you should automatically grasp the rudiments of good powder technique too .
By the third day of our discussion , I begin more and more to comprehend how desirable it is that the civilization to which I belong should be utterly destroyed .
Well , he 's brought it on himself , she could n't help thinking , and I do n't see why I should stick around and be made to pay too .
But we should be trying to see how it simultaneously offends and appeals .
We should see if there is a ‘ horizon … between what is , and what is not comprehensible by us ’ .
They can be ground in a mill , but should first be roasted in a frying pan . 
Critics seem to view this as a cowardice , as if a boxer should want his brains pulped . 
Someone suggested they should all bathe in champagne beforehand and the bath was filled with some cheap bubbly . 
Over the years , the experts seem to have got in all of a lather over what we should do to cleanse our skin properly . 
I prefer it coated in very coarsely grated black pepper and it should always be sliced extremely thinly . 
With two forks , pull apart the meat and fat ( which should be soft as butter ) so that the rillettes are shredded rather than in a paste . 
Rep . Tony Hall , D- Ohio , did not call for a lifting of sanctions imposed on Iraq for its 1990 invasion of Kuwait , but said the United Nations should make sure that sanctions do not hurt innocent Iraqis .
Originally published in 1983 , here is another book in Cassell 's attempts at breathing a little life into what should have been left to molder on the shelf .
On the way , you should also discover one of Scotland 's most spectacular waterfalls , Eas Coul , ` the maiden 's tresses " , four times higher than Niagara Falls . 
Squatting , tossing back his black curly locks from time to time , he was chatting to his elderly accompanist : ` I think we should have the Bach . " 
Second , if the key assumption is valid , Democrats should have lower attendance rates on roll-call votes than Republicans do to the extent that such votes reflect national policy making and that participating in such votes takes away from the time a legislator could otherwise devote to local benefit-seeking .
If it is necessary to have an outside entrance for the control tower , then access to the location should not be constructed .
If it is necessary to have an outside entrance for the control tower , then access to the location should not be constructed .
It is perhaps less obvious why both of them Polybius and Posidonius -- should have played such a conspicuous part in exploring the barbarian West and in making it more easily accessible to the Romans .
Allergies to wood dust can develop in staff and consideration should be given to using dust-free sawdust and to the staff wearing masks when handling the dry bedding . 
Certain susceptible groups such as pregnant women and children , who have a high calcium requirement , should do their utmost to ensure sufficient vitamin D is present in the diet . 
Perhaps you should conceal some small flowerpots under the wood .
However , as the very existence of the catholic -- nationalist alliance impedes progress towards such a solution , one should perhaps view such a possibility as unreal .
Light-controlled pedestrian crossings should obviate the need for central islands , which have the disadvantage of obstructing traffic flow by forcing cars to stop behind stationary buses .
Field Marshal Lord Wavell was strong in his support for the S.A.S. He had commented that one should never allow oneself to be ` trammelled by the bonds of orthodoxy " .
Indeed we should see life not as an ineluctable fight to the death , but as a delicate balance between competition and co-operation . 
While Famagusta stood out , the emir should want no altercations with Zacco . 
Therefore , the monastic reforms should be regarded at least as much in the light of co-operation as of combat between king and aristocracy . 
While allied airmen risk their lives in the Arabian desert , politicians in Bonn squabble over whether Germany is bound by treaty to aid Turkey , a NATO partner , should it be attacked by Iraq . 
` The Syrians and ourselves should be fighting the Zionists together . 
` The big monopoly companies should be broken up -- like British Airways , " said the tycoon who is battling with BA chairman Lord King over US flights . 
Why should we have assumed that a little thing like a gunfight in the street would attract attention ? 
It was terribly important that I should beat him , and I struggled desperately against the invisible forces that always prevent one running in dreams .
The expansion of the potential niche of these populations into different media formulations is indeed remarkable , but should not be construed as an evolutionary trend towards generalism .
I should say almost unique . "
At least there should not be a reccurrence of this particular accident -- the day after my crash a white cross appeared on the new ` runway " . 
Finally , after Wharton 's crash at Albi , Sir Alfred told Raymond Mays and Pater Berthon that BRM should build a smaller , lighter car . 
Should the defendant 's motive be so crucial in cases where the act is not obviously indecent , in the sense that ` right-minded persons " would not unhesitatingly classify it as such ? 
The men are now looking forward to Saturday when the first Challenger tanks arrive ; it 's these that 'll play a key role in any ground battles should war become unavoidable . 
In many cases the key requirement is that the bioceramic should become an intimate part of the tissue it is replacing . 
Second , if the key assumption is valid , Democrats should have lower attendance rates on roll-call votes than Republicans do to the extent that such votes reflect national policy making and that participating in such votes takes away from the time a legislator could otherwise devote to local benefit-seeking .
2- Kiosks should be placed at key important locations where 24-hour security watch is required .
-- Most important of all , schools should have principals with a large measure of authority over the faculty , the curriculum , and all matters of student discipline .
Therefore , it is important to adopt following : 1- The parking lot should be 50 meters away from the fence .
2- Kiosks should be placed at key important locations where 24-hour security watch is required .
Should voters behave in this fashion , the contents of the Opposition 's election manifesto become less significant in deciding the result . 
As a profession we have undervalued the importance of nursing care both politically and clinically , and we should be more analytical and confident regarding its significance within the multidisciplinary team and its impact on patient care outcomes . 
It should be noted this is a Post Graduate course , and it is not our intention to include it in the main embalming course .
The distance between the first and fourth bump should be 100 meters , and the distance between the fourth and the sixth should be 50 meters , so cars can not travel fast in the direction of the building 5- Barbed Wires : They should be placed around the building , around the walls , or on top of the walls 6- Nails Obstacle : These are placed at the main gate in order to puncture the tires of any car crashing in
5- The location should be away from airports and main highways .
Last month we expressed concern that the Ginger Foods imported by Atlantis from the USA might not be as fresh as they should be , coming in screw top jars with no other seal .
Why should Bush get credit for keeping his hands clean and preserving his above - the - fray image if , as Forbes alleges , he has achieved this by letting the RLC do his dirty work ?
As Derek Fraser points out , ` whether the pavement was drained and swept , whether the poor should be incarcerated in workhouses , whether Dissenters should pay church rates depended upon the exercise of power … .
Anyone inclined to question the advisability of monogamy should read of the troubles of Jacob , David and others who took more than one wife . 
News judgements contain within them an implicit understanding of the nature of our society , where power lies and how it is or should be exercised .
Any realistic model should incorporate more elements than simply the relative importance of leading officers and councillors , otherwise a distorted and simplistic picture of power inside local authorities will emerge .
The detailed provisions of Ord 22 , r 6A , which incorporate RSC , Ord 37 , and relate to provisional damages in personal injury actions should be considered .
5- No other outside gates should be erected .
If the nature of the terrain does not allow it , then it should be on the other side of the road .
Requirements of joining AL QAEDA : 1 - Abiding by AL QAEDA rules , its beliefs and objectives as previously mentioned 2 - Obedience to the leaders in charge as much as possible , without disobeying Islamic rules 3 - No connection between AL QAEDA membership and any other Islamic group 4 - Maintain secrecy in work-related issues 5- Physically healthy ( except in administrative work ) 6- The candidate should not be in question when it comes to religion , integrity or his morality 7- Reciting the pledge of AL-QAEDA .
Some buses should be exposed and others should be camouflaged .
He should consider his victory a mandate to continue his growth-oriented economic reforms and not a demand that he move further left .
He should do more to reduce tax rates on wealth and income , in recognition of the fact that those cuts yield higher , not lower , revenues .
But there is an additional condition : we should be able to see a prominent feature of style as forming a significant relationship with other features of style , in an artistically coherent pattern of choice .
These totals could quickly be increased should Iran make the decision to either purchase additional systems from the DPRK or accelerate Shehab-3 production .
The ordination of women should be opposed , she said , because of the 2,000 year history of the Church .
However , as it would have to develop Hong Kong 's information infrastructure , the bureau should create four new permanent posts .
We doubt whether the shock-horror TV advertising campaign will directly stop youngsters sniffing solvents , but it should bring home the horrors of the practice to those who can do something about it parents . 
` You should have taken a sleeping pill . " 
The actors paced in the wings puffing on cigarettes , watching the sliding door in case the fireman should catch them .
Adoptive children should nurse at the breast of one of the immediate family in order to have the freedom of the family when they are adult . 
If you are a compulsive nibbler , better you should nibble on raw carrots , sunflower seeds , and pistachio nuts than anything else . 
` You should not speak too bluntly of forgery , my dear fellow , " said Mr Singleton , delicately imbibing more whisky .
Traps should wither kill them instantly or confine them for release elsewhere . 
You should inspect your mail to determine the outcome of the module transfer . 
You should always inspect the terrain before going into battle . " 
If appropriate , equipment should be moved or dismantled to conduct a full inspection .
1- Kiosks should be placed at entrance gates to check visitors when approaching the building .
He should really start thinking about double-checking a few things .
You should always double-check that the patient is sitting up safely , and keep watch in case he changes position as you go along .
5- Cars parked inside the location should have their front facing the fence so they could be used quickly in case of emergency .
These patrols comb the greater area surrounding the location periodically ; anywhere between 3 and four times a week The patrol should be lead by a security officer in order to take immediate actions if the need arises .
He should do more to reduce tax rates on wealth and income , in recognition of the fact that those cuts yield higher , not lower , revenues .
They should see to it that their kids do n't play truant ; they should make certain that the children spend enough time doing homework ; they should scrutinize the report card .
This kind of protection should be done without drawing attention so that people inside the location would feel at ease .
They banded themselves into a society which should never be dissolved until the work was done .
The children should be given the opportunity to mix with handicapped people , and encouraged to participate in voluntary activities , helping in homes and at social clubs for the handicapped .
The buses should have the following : 1- Light armor and rocket launchers 2- Wireless equipment to report dangerous activities 3- Writing materials to jot down suspicious activities or license plate numbers 4- Sand bags around the buses to protect them from gun fire
2- Disputes related to AL-QAEDA missions between member brethren should be judged by qualified personnel , which is carried out by the immediate commander ( Amir ) of the conflicting parties .
I would almost rather that Jeremy had the weird and rare genetic condition , or that the monk should be the fall guy , than to think that Louise was doing something to him .
Second , if the key assumption is valid , Democrats should have lower attendance rates on roll-call votes than Republicans do to the extent that such votes reflect national policy making and that participating in such votes takes away from the time a legislator could otherwise devote to local benefit-seeking .
A US$100,000,000 EFTA development fund for Yugoslavia was established in April 1990 with the intention that it should begin operations , after ratification , in 1991 .
The DoE suggested that the EC environment committee should establish a network of enforcement agencies .
The test under option five would therefore be that the court should intervene only if there is unreasonableness in Lord Greene M.R. 's narrow sense of that term , or only if there is manifest irrationality in the sense that preceded the development of the hard look doctrine in the United States .
Parents should be involved with their children 's education at home , not in school .
Anyone who wants to appreciate just how bizarre this situation is -- with students who ca n't add or subtract `` learning '' the conceptual basis of mathematical theory -- should read the article by Caleb Nelson ( himself a recent math major at Harvard ) in the November American Spectator .
Um , but I think if we quit , uh , building these Taj Mahals with the color TVs and sixty dollars sixty thousand a year to keep an inmate in there - on a - on a - on a life sentence , we should start hanging them and get it over with and let 's just screwing up the system uh .
Because they just say there 's either no room in the system , you know , in the jails for them or , you know , it 's just that it seems like the automatic sentences - if - if a judge has leeway on what he 's going to , you know , sentence someone for between , you know , two months and uh fifty years and you know what 's his whim to decide it should be two months .
I should not have thought you had a nerve in your body . "
` I feel nothing but disgust that these bombs should be planted at a time and in places where ordinary people are going to work . "
5- Cars parked inside the location should have their front facing the fence so they could be used quickly in case of emergency .
Towards this end the mirza should make a point of smoking scented tobacco blended with hashish ; precious gems -- emeralds and pearls -- should be ostentatiously crushed into his wine . 
He should also avoid drinking alcohol . 
People taking certain medicines should not take alcohol at the same time , or maybe not take it at all because the alcohol will have a more pronounced effect under/or the effect of the medicine will be altered . 
There was a syringe of morphine but under no conditions should it be given for head or chest wounds and here Charlie had both . 
` I take it I can get drunk as a lord should on such an occasion ? " 
You will understand when I say that I should like a poem to stand as preface to your book , a poem which we have both admired so much , Thomas Hardy 's ` Afterwards " . 
Professor von Hayek , a luminary much admired by the Prime Minister , writes to The Times suggesting that if attacks are made against the forces in the Falklands , Britain should retaliate on the Argentine mainland . 
Those who admire her should stand up and be counted . 
Ken 's undying devotion to this club should be applauded by players , directors and supporters alike . 
I think he should appreciate you for what you are -- an attractive young woman of today . " 
Hymns , chants etc. should be sung through fully and appreciated as prayer in themselves . 
You 've really got to be one to appreciate the spirit of the place but pop in to see what a real pub should be like . 
Anyone who wants to appreciate just how bizarre this situation is -- with students who ca n't add or subtract `` learning '' the conceptual basis of mathematical theory -- should read the article by Caleb Nelson ( himself a recent math major at Harvard ) in the November American Spectator .
But such hopes should not overshadow any time alone to the extent that they lead to depression and lack of self appreciation . 
` Having been to Zakopane this year , I should like to voice my appreciation . 
Some scientists would still maintain that science is neutral , and it is the politicians who select and implement their inventions in particular ways and who should therefore shoulder the blame for undesirable consequences . 
They suggest that a couple should be allowed to get divorced after one year without having to attribute blame for the split . 
Under the code , if your clothes are damaged and t he dry cleaner is to blame , they should be cleaned again free of charge or you should be fairly compensated . 
It means that patients , in their ignorance , blame already overstressed medical staff for delays or treatment withheld while those who should be held accountable are cushioned from the consequence of their actions . 
PIGEONS blamed for damaging a borough 's efforts in the Wales in Bloom contest should be turned into a tourist attraction , a councillor has urged . 
One such , Mr Goodlad , has said culling should be introduced to curb population growth among grey seals ( blamed by some for falling fish stocks ) . 
And all the voters should have the opportunity to mark their approval or disapproval of these policies . 
Choreographers have never disdained to use popular music for their everincreasing audiences and they realise that they should reflect popular taste . 
Still more rare should be cases where a stay can properly be imposed in the absence of any fault on the part of the complainant or prosecution . 
Although used to the scorn of pop stars , I was saddened that The Smiths should act in this way ) . 
Both Booth and Chamberlain argued that the state should provide old-age pensions of between 5s. and 10s. per week to enable those over sixty-five to live and die respectably , free from the stigma of pauperism . 
Should the carer feel unsupported personally , or that the cared for person is not valued by other relatives , this again adds to stress .
It is particularly important in PSD that students should value the activities and goals of modules they are taking .
Wheeler clicked his tongue , as much in irritation that the conversation should continue so long without his leading it as in deprecation of the mention of police , and past history discreditable to the Church . 
The king had agreed that peers should be tried only in parliament and before their equals , and that accusations against ministers should be heard by the peers in parliament . 
` People accuse us of being a chain hotel with a standardised product , but we believe our staff do make a difference , and that our systems should never be unwieldy . " 
Now you 're accused by these people of cruelty , of neglect , should n't you be listening ? 
The board frequently has engaged in public disputes and has been accused by the federal court of making decisions based on narrow agendas and meddling where it should n't .
It 's our big day -- our final ` well done " and goodbye to friends at Salford , it should n't be belittled by outsiders . 
In the past she has often been the butt of uncomplimentary remarks herself but this time it is not her performance which should be belittled . 
We propose that the GMC 's remit should include censure of those members of the medical profession who commit scientific misconduct by distorting published evidence in reviews and consensus statements . 
He said people who condemned the scheme for being too extreme should remember that rules could be relaxed , while it would be unpopular to introduce more stringent byelaws after the trial . 
He thought the firing of horses should be prohibited by Act of Parliament , and he condemned the practice of nicking horses ' tails . 
` We think the government of Iran should seize this opportunity to condemn this so-called charity in an effort to normalise relations with the outside world , " she said . 
The Germans and Italians say a team of European politicians should go to negotiate the release of hostages , even though they agree that such trips should be condemned . 
Your tone , you know , not only suggested surprise to find me in bed , but also condemnation that I should be here . 
But they immediately ran into criticism from the NRPB about how thorough the survey should be . 
` Only a few years ago he criticised me for speaking to the press and said I should never do it again . 
Should we criticise for those who read our work , or merely for ourselves ? 
But the extent of the schemes should make us cautious about identifying radical structural change too readily even in the wake of the legislation so severely criticized in the 1980s . 
The Indian government has been strongly criticized for its slow response , but a bill has now been introduced in parliament which should speed up the processing of claims . 
Nobody at all should presume to criticise him ! 
These women he decries are simply weary with having to be constantly on guard against abuse , and why should they have to justify their position when the men are at fault ? 
Why should they be denigrated ? 
Four officers had pay stopped , and London 's chief fire officer said it should be possible to create group spirit without ` the denigration and ridicule of individuals . " 
Mr France ends his letter by saying Mr Milburn should cut out the denigration and let the people of Darlington progress in prosperity . 
Mr Amanullah Khan , chairman of the JKNLF , told a press conference in Rawalpindi that Ms Sayeed should not be condemned for the crimes of her father , whom he denounced as a traitor . 
I should denounce you . " 
Individualism is by no means to be deprecated , but cohesiveness should be the first aim of an attacking line . " 
All co-operative and good behaviour should be commented on and praised . 
As for NME 's opinion of her work , you should know how much we love Madonna by how much we love Ice-T , Suede and all the other insolent wasters we praise to the hilt each week . 
The work of advice agencies was praised and it was recommended that public funds should be available for their development . 
` Praise Him , " said Mother Verity fervently , half an eye on the smiling man while she wondered how she should begin to chastise him . 
The Parlement of Bordeaux , for example , gave forcible expression in a remonstrance of May 1757 to the idea that it was the guardian of the ` ancient and fundamental laws " of France and could and should not register any legislation which infringed these . 
Four officers had pay stopped , and London 's chief fire officer said it should be possible to create group spirit without ` the denigration and ridicule of individuals . " 
` But I find it very sad that someone as high up as Mr Pound should castigate a sport he clearly knows nothing about . " 
Perhaps we should stop castigating individual managers , coaches and players and take a long , hard look at the structure of our sporting institutions . 
Then she scolded herself for getting carried away , when she should be preparing how best to approach her mother over the subject of Elaine . 
` I feel I should write and thank you for the smooth transition and vast improvement to the standard of cleaning at our premises . 
So here we are at the end of 1992 and I should like to thank you all for the tremendous hard work you have put into it . 
If it were the devil himself a constable on duty should never thank God that he could not lay his hands upon him .
They were concerned least the Shah should think that they were rebuking him for comparing him unfavourably with them of steel . 
It was ironical that the man she had just rebuked should be the only one who had shown interest in her as a woman during the fifteen months she had been on the station . 
There were jeers when Stephanie McKenzie-Hill argued that the North Down association should be asked for a commitment to support the party manifesto , including the agreement . 
There is no country better at patriotism than the U.S. and its treatment of the match should be taken as a compliment to European golf . 
All the more strange that the advocates of a return to Victorian values should chide trade unions for refusing to forgo or minimise pay rises in order to create more jobs or to contain inflation . 
While Louise Newman 's cataloguing continues set the standard for European auctions , Christie 's Plc should be chastised for not producing a single owner catalogue that will become a standard reference . 
` Praise Him , " said Mother Verity fervently , half an eye on the smiling man while she wondered how she should begin to chastise him . 
And Dr Kent should reprimand her for it . 
It shows she was unjustly treated and I think that society is wrong to judge ; if she has broken a bond made by God , then he should be the only one to reprimand her for it . 
He said that he felt it was unfair that his wife should reprimand Jenny as she was so young and did not know how to share properly yet . 
She says ` If a coloured girl tells you off , you are a grown-up , you should give it back . "
Pending a randomized controlled trial , the use of intravenous colistin should be considered in severe infections with Gram -negative bacilli when it remains the only antibiotic to which the causative pathogen is sensitive in vitro .
Many studies of ion channel ‘knockouts ' show relatively little change in overall neuronal activity , although predictions based upon pharmacological blockade of the ion channels suggest there should be a more severe phenotypic change ( Marder and Prinz 2002 ) .
� � Pending a definitive randomized controlled trial , the use of intravenous colistin should be considered in severe infections with Gram -negative bacilli when it remains the only antibiotic to which the causative pathogen is sensitive in vitro
'' I do n't think you should make fun of anyone who has a strong desire for public service .
Powers should be given to the courts to sentence adult offenders to attendance centres .
A bankruptcy petition , put before the court and registered on the court file , can not be withdrawn without the court 's permission , so presentation of this kind of application should not be undertaken lightly .
Reforms , however , should focus not only on the quality of care for detainees and on advice and evidence for the courts but also on services for the victims of crime .
Corrupted courts should not judge the matter .
Um I personally think to set a mark with the judicial system and we 're talking about criminal - criminal cases that they should bring back .
Reforms focused partly on immigrants , following testimony from the General Accounting Office estimating that slightly more than half of the Supplemental Security Income ( SSI ) benefits provided to elderly persons were collected by noncitizens in 1995 [ 13 14 ] . In justifying PRWORA [ 15 ] , the House Ways and Means Committee stated that it had been a basic tenet of US immigration policy since 1882 that legal immigrants should not be eligible for public benefits .
, but here we give examples of his third case only , where `` there should not be two parties justifying even a momentary doubt about which the pronoun represents . ``
The last thing you should do is go on a spending spree at the end of the year to justify this year 's budget and enhance next year 's .
His justification for the necessary invasion of privacy is the familiar - and thoroughly respectable -- plea that politics should and must be personalised .
The message has been stressed throughout primary that pupils should avoid strangers who could abduct them . 
I respectfully agree with the judge that that would be an inappropriate way of achieving the result which clearly ought to be achieved , which is that a child abducted in the way this little boy was should be able to return home pending a decision as to whether he lives with his father or with his mother . 
But if he had nothing to do with the kidnapping of that girl it seemed to be too much of a coincidence that he should have appeared just then . 
` I suppose you think I should tell the police , " said Charlotte , after describing the telephone call with which her niece 's kidnappers had broken their silence . 
` Why , I wonder , do you suppose that I should know anything of your sister 's abductor ? " 
Do n't count your chickens before they are hatched ( F ) Il ne faut pas vendre la peau de l'ours avant de l'avoir tué You should not sell the skin of the bear before you have killed him ; ( G ) Man soll die Haut nicht verkaufen , ehe man den Bären gefangen hat You should not sell the skin before you have caught the bear ; ( R ) He \?\ Not having killed the bear , do not sell the skin ; ( S ) No vendas la piel del oso antes de matarlo Do n't sell the skin of the bear before you have killed him .
But people are much more likely -- and we should stress that only the lunatic fringe is involved -- to believe it necessary that those they perceive as only minimally inferior to themselves should be annihilated . 
We met the little boy who believes that all the inhabitants of an Arab village should be exterminated . 
I recall a Tory councillor saying that all homosexuals should be exterminated ... 
As in example , the Theban Crates flung all his possessions into the sea saying I had rather drown you than you should drown me . 
He says all the trouble in this land is caused by two per cent of bastards who should have been drowned at birth . 
Should say by the look of the stick and everything that it 's either Moses parting the Red Sea or Samson slaying all those Philippinos with the jawbone of an ass . " 
First , he suggests the Government should clamp down on the ` wanton use of lethal force " by the security forces . 
But I 'd bought the wrong weedkiller , it was Tumbleweed and I found out later it 's only lethal to tropical fish , apparently I should have bought pathklear which is much stronger . 
But perhaps women should beware ; proximity to this elegant baronet can be lethal . 
If there was any justice in the world he should really decapitate her with a spade on Wimbledon Common in full view of her therapy class . 
The plotters of my husband 's assassination should be brought to court . 
Asked if the death penalty should be brought back for terrorist murderers , a majority supported its return . 
So she so he said , Why should you sat with your Sam she says cos he has a mother and father . 
` Well , yes , we should , " said the aunt . 
` He should have put on a pair of tights and joined his daddy in front of the fairy-lights . " 
This role was initially left somewhat vague until Anthony Coburn advanced the suggestion she should be the Doctor 's granddaughter . 
Everyone close to her knew that Elinor 's unspoken dream was that Miranda -- her only remaining unmarried granddaughter -- should marry into the British aristocracy . 
` I have this niece , " she said , ` who should have a job . 
The shares held by Else 1982 Ltd , a trust chaired by Len Brealey , brother of former chairman Reg , should have passed to Woolhouse last year . 
2- Disputes related to AL-QAEDA missions between member brethren should be judged by qualified personnel , which is carried out by the immediate commander ( Amir ) of the conflicting parties .
` You really should be riding a horse , " Artemis 's stepmother said to her one morning as they waited for the hounds to move off . 
` Now that is a neat trick , " said Deborah , ` and one every girl should be taught by her mom . " 
It 's only natural that you should want to know about my parents . " 
Parents should be involved with their children 's education at home , not in school .
If parents are dissatisfied with a school , they should have the option of switching to another .
Parents should be involved with their children 's education at home , not in school .
They should see to it that their kids do n't play truant ; they should make certain that the children spend enough time doing homework ; they should scrutinize the report card .
INNOCENT RELATIVES Newspapers should avoid identifying relatives of persons convicted or accused of crime unless the reference to them is directly relevant to the matter reported . 
When parental care is inadequate , children should be placed with those who are best able to care for them . 
They should see to it that their kids do n't play truant ; they should make certain that the children spend enough time doing homework ; they should scrutinize the report card .
Yet what degree of commitment should we expect from someone before we decide to label them a Jacobite ?
The Toyota has a pair of Simulknit levers labelled 0 and S. These should be on S for Simulknit and O for everything else .
As reported in the local press on July 18 , Fajgembaum had suggested ( i ) that if the government wished to obtain a $2,000 million extended IMF loan it should eliminate a constitutional law guaranteeing individual states a share of federal tax income ; and ( ii ) that inflation could only be sharply reduced if the federal deficit were reduced .
6- All parking regulations of the location should be followed strictly followed .
Second , if the key assumption is valid , Democrats should have lower attendance rates on roll-call votes than Republicans do to the extent that such votes reflect national policy making and that participating in such votes takes away from the time a legislator could otherwise devote to local benefit-seeking .
Labour councillors demanded the resignation of Mr Haywood and public protection chief David Jones for revealing the council 's weak case should the matter go to an inquiry . 
Secondly , because programming chiefs should recognise that topics of crucial importance for education , industry and national life bear examination in more crowded regions of space time than Sunday midnight in the south . 
Provision has been made to include a general , but we do not specify that the general should be a particular Orc or Goblin warlord , the chieftain of a powerful tribe , or any given individual . 
2- Disputes related to AL-QAEDA missions between member brethren should be judged by qualified personnel , which is carried out by the immediate commander ( Amir ) of the conflicting parties .
` I want you to examine this act in which you propose we should conspire with the enemy against our emperor . 
As it happens , Peter 's mother is a governor at the school , although this should have had nothing to do with the matter . 
Some felt a shudder at the thought of tackling the sense of humour of the Prophet Muhammad and the holy imams of Islam , and counselled that the subject matter should be confined to modern times . 
` We demand that their embassies should be closed , their companies nationalised and all the citizens belonging to these states be evacuated , " the imam said . 
These patrols comb the greater area surrounding the location periodically ; anywhere between 3 and four times a week The patrol should be lead by a security officer in order to take immediate actions if the need arises .
Requirements of joining AL QAEDA : 1 - Abiding by AL QAEDA rules , its beliefs and objectives as previously mentioned 2 - Obedience to the leaders in charge as much as possible , without disobeying Islamic rules 3 - No connection between AL QAEDA membership and any other Islamic group 4 - Maintain secrecy in work-related issues 5- Physically healthy ( except in administrative work ) 6- The candidate should not be in question when it comes to religion , integrity or his morality 7- Reciting the pledge of AL-QAEDA .
Iran 's Oil Minister Gholamreza Agazadeh urged on Sept. 16 that OPEC should " seriously consider " taking action to raise prices towards the current reference price of US$21 a barrel . 
QN : Did the Chinese Premier say the protests should give Tokyo serious pause for thought about its bid for the UNSC ?
Completed application forms and both recommendations should reach the Principal by 9 May 1991 . 
-- Most important of all , schools should have principals with a large measure of authority over the faculty , the curriculum , and all matters of student discipline .
But some people did worry , notably those who argued that Britain , having ruled Hong Kong as a benign dictatorship for more than 140 years , should institute a fully democratic government before 1997 . 
The story is oddly competitive , keeping score between the genders on strength , agility , and aggression , and mischievously wondering `` which sex should rule . ''
They should , in other words , be able to remove the rulers through elections . 
The BMA strove to insist that local officials ( medically qualified though they were ) should merely inspect child health , leaving treatment to the independent doctors .
Requirements of joining AL QAEDA : 1 - Abiding by AL QAEDA rules , its beliefs and objectives as previously mentioned 2 - Obedience to the leaders in charge as much as possible , without disobeying Islamic rules 3 - No connection between AL QAEDA membership and any other Islamic group 4 - Maintain secrecy in work-related issues 5- Physically healthy ( except in administrative work ) 6- The candidate should not be in question when it comes to religion , integrity or his morality 7- Reciting the pledge of AL-QAEDA .
Some even point to the ` encouragement " offered by the batty suggestion of an American congressman that boat people should be sent to help rebuild Kuwait .
The Democratic caucus in the House decided in 1971 that members should be limited to one sub-committee chairmanship thereby making it possible for many more congressmen to hold these coveted posts .
Second , if the key assumption is valid , Democrats should have lower attendance rates on roll-call votes than Republicans do to the extent that such votes reflect national policy making and that participating in such votes takes away from the time a legislator could otherwise devote to local benefit-seeking .
Each toxicity test laboratory should ( 1 ) appoint a quality assurance officer with the responsibility and authority to develop and maintain a QA program , ( 2 ) prepare a quality assurance plan with stated data quality objectives ( DQOs ) , ( 3 ) prepare written descriptions of laboratory standard operating procedures ( SOPs ) for culturing , toxicity testing , instrument calibration , sample chain - of - custody procedures , laboratory sample tracking system , glassware cleaning , etc. , and ( 4 ) provide an adequate , qualified technical staff for culturing and toxicity testing the organisms , and suitable space and equipment to assure reliable data .
All of the amendments adopted and ratified over the last 135 years reveal the traces of a shared understanding , an unconscious plan , of what American government should be like .
It was not clear how this infringement is supposed to have taken place since the constitutional court has not ruled on it ( as it should ) .
The WP inside serves up two dispatches from the bureaucracy front : 1 ) The government has ruled that the 1988 CIA budget -- that 's right the 19 88 budget , a budget spent almost entirely on combating a country that no longer exists -- should remain secret ; 2 ) The chairman of Exxon Mobil says that for the recent merger that created his company , government regulators required the production of more than 31 .
Huszti said that while the APEH did require an ` open system '' , but he claimed that this did not necessitate a Unix system , indicating that conformance to the X/Open Co Ltd XPG/3 branding standard might not be obligatory -- even though the Hungarian government decreed that X/Open branding should be used in all government tenders back in August last year .
When the government decreed that student numbers should be cut , that university grants be cut , and that overseas students should pay their full fees for courses and board in the UK , LSHTM with its large overseas intake suffered initially only as badly as other London colleges .
After a previous round of talks , held in Moscow earlier in the month , Niyazov decreed on May 26 that conscripts in the Turkmen armed forces should serve for 18 months ( but for two years with the navy and for one year by those with higher education ) .
In Roman times the law required that certain types of document carry the names of the consuls , and in AD537 the Emperor Justinian decreed that the year of the emperor 's reign should be added .
Poll on poll has suggested that over half the population believes abortion should be legal as a matter of course , and that nearly 90% say it should be legal in certain cases .
Should it be exhibiting a work which , in all probability , was obtained from its legal owner by fraudulent means ?
Mr Ashdown said Mr Major should have been aware of a Government paper detailing the extent of the trade when , in December 1990 , he flatly denied any illicit trading .
The Washington Post approves , but William Greider argues in the Washington Post that the Fed is needlessly punishing the masses ; instead , it should discipline only banks that lend promiscuously .
Weak commodity demand and a strong dollar are staving off inflation , but the Fed should pre-emptively raise interest rates before the bubble bursts .
I was now very weak from lack of food , and I began to wonder why I should struggle to stay alive , when I did not want to live .
Given the power of its engine , and the traction and road-holding afforded by its four-wheel drive system , the Solo should prove exceptionally fast on anyroad .
The Assembly rejected , however , a proposal that member states , in the event of the forceful removal of a democratic government , should immediately and jointly sever relations with the country concerned .
Worswick is anxious , however , that ` in moving to a more commercial way of operating , we should retain our underlying scientific strengths " .
Logically such constructions should make ethnic minorities feel even more powerless than they actually are .
Unless the skull is weak and fragmentary , no plaster of Paris should be used to fill in gaps .
However , care should be taken that they do not lose their exceptional hardiness and thriftiness in pursuit of greater yields , and also that they do not become extinct through being crossed with Friesians .
Some rugs are also more durable than others , and you should remember to take this into account when choosing the type most suited to each room or function .
Yes , she should look as regally fragile as Mary .
While this may be true , we should remember the fragility and plasticity of the human psyche .
You could use rocks and wood to make your aquarium more attractive and , provided you have sufficient light , the more robust plants such as Amazon Swords and Java Fern should be fine .
Too old to be in uniform , really , so he supposed he should be grateful for the desk job in a small dark room at Admiralty House .
It was totally dark , blacker and denser than the darkest night -- even after dawn should have come -- as the thick cloud of ash hung over them , cutting off the light from the sun . 
Although the lights of the pleasure cruisers sparkling from the water make the river look attractive , Baedeker 's advice is forthright : ` Bathing in the Rhine should be avoided at all costs . " 
The work force should be informed of the likely changes in good time . 
Requirements of joining AL QAEDA : 1 - Abiding by AL QAEDA rules , its beliefs and objectives as previously mentioned 2 - Obedience to the leaders in charge as much as possible , without disobeying Islamic rules 3 - No connection between AL QAEDA membership and any other Islamic group 4 - Maintain secrecy in work-related issues 5- Physically healthy ( except in administrative work ) 6- The candidate should not be in question when it comes to religion , integrity or his morality 7- Reciting the pledge of AL-QAEDA .
Thus , it is argued that where conversion is probable , the debt should be reported not as a liability but as , or near , equity . 
But it was impossible that she should write to him . 
It was impossible she should be unaware of the treat she was thus providing for the soldiery , many of whom expressed their appreciation in appropriately ribald terms . 
` I think , " she remarked , ` it has pleased God to punish them justly , for they really talkt as if it were impossible they should be beaten . " 
When I realise that here the attacks tend to take an absurd religious turn , I should almost venture to think that this even necessitates a return to the North . 
But this should not be seen as a criticism ; the role and scope of audit is somewhat narrowly defined in law , and any change is almost bound to have legal ramifications . 
Employees are bound to be concerned about their future prospects should they decide to relocate . 
` Collusion " should , certainly for antitrust purposes , refer to a form of conduct , not the value of an outcome : collusive behaviour might well result in less than monopoly profits .
The security team should : A : Publish a periodic bulletin and distribute to all residents , advising them how to safely store gaz and logs B : Keep the firefighters alert at all times C : Report any thing that might be a fire hazard D : Warn against the safety of children 's toys E : Urge everyone to take precautions and guard their homes tightly
However , you are not likely to find bargains , and you should be aware that unless you are an expert , you can end up with a fake .
In his talks to the Marines , Mattis was quick to emphasize that nothing in his call for restraint toward civilians should be seen as limiting an aggressive response toward insurgents .
However , the label " semantic " will continue to be used , although it is intended that the reader should not restrict its denotation to the strict linguistic sense .
It should be said at the outset that this is not the usual legal meaning of the word .
WORK should be completed this week on safety measures being put in place on a busy road outside an infants school where a crossing patrol was axed .
The only problem I have with all this hectic activity is that the concept of funk-metal should have been buried under 20 feet of hyper dangerous asbestos padding before it was permitted to draw its first breath .
` December , which should have been awful , was almost hectic in some places , " Hill says .
People living with HIV and AIDS should be brought to the forefront in the fight against HIV / AIDS [ 35 ] .
But even when not taken advantage of , plenty of people get serious decisions wrong--enough that we should question libertarian beliefs that people should do what they want and live with the consequences .
People living with HIV and AIDS should be brought to the forefront in the fight against HIV / AIDS [ 35 ] .
3- The Kiosk should be designed to stand all weather conditions , and provide a full coverage of the area it is placed at .
2- The towers should be located in a manner where they can easily communicate with one another , and totally cover the area they are guarding .
They should have telescopes in order to constantly control the areas around them .
4- They should have a protruding area to better control their surroundings .
The patrol should be armed with light weapon such as Kalashnikovs and RPGs , and cover the area on foot .
These patrols comb the greater area surrounding the location periodically ; anywhere between 3 and four times a week The patrol should be lead by a security officer in order to take immediate actions if the need arises .
The area patrol is different from the single patrol in that : 1- It has a vehicle equipped with a machine gun 2- It can use horses to canvass the area , but the patrol should be formed of 2 or 3 people at least
6- If the location is in a highly dangerous zone , then two parallel fences should be built to be 3 meters apart .
Also , the visitors with high security clearance should be designated parking spots inside the location .
Passageways for cars and pedestrians should be designated 4- Road bumps : Six successive bumps should be constructed at 500 meters from the location .
If it is necessary to have an outside entrance for the control tower , then access to the location should not be constructed .
6- If the location is in a highly dangerous zone , then two parallel fences should be built to be 3 meters apart .
5- The location should be away from airports and main highways .
2- Under no circumstance a car , even that which belongs to the location should be permitted to park next to the fence .
4- Inside parking lot should be strictly designated to the location 's cars in order to protect them from sabotage .
Also , the visitors with high security clearance should be designated parking spots inside the location .
5- Cars parked inside the location should have their front facing the fence so they could be used quickly in case of emergency .
6- All parking regulations of the location should be followed strictly followed .
2- Kiosks should be placed at key important locations where 24-hour security watch is required .
These patrols comb the greater area surrounding the location periodically ; anywhere between 3 and four times a week The patrol should be lead by a security officer in order to take immediate actions if the need arises .
This kind of protection should be done without drawing attention so that people inside the location would feel at ease .
The location should have a fence with towers that is equipped with visual and aural equipment .
North Korea countered by declaring that South Korean nuclear facilities should also be subject to inspection .
`` The General Assembly should set aside money for a new state health lab , millions of doses of antiviral drugs and a fund to help meet basic needs after a disaster , a legislative panel recommended Thursday .
`` The General Assembly should set aside money for a new state health lab , millions of doses of antiviral drugs and a fund to help meet basic needs after a disaster , a legislative panel recommended Thursday .
Thirty-eight per-cent believed more nuclear power plants should be built , either right now or subject to the government 's proposed review in 1994 .
Parents should be involved with their children 's education at home , not in school .
If parents are dissatisfied with a school , they should have the option of switching to another .
No student should be permitted to be graduated from elementary school without having mastered the 3 R 's at the level that prevailed 20 years ago .
Therefore , it is important to adopt following : 1- The parking lot should be 50 meters away from the fence .
4- Inside parking lot should be strictly designated to the location 's cars in order to protect them from sabotage .
If they did we should have them , for every port is watched .
Preventing accidents -- in the home , at work , at play and while travelling -- can and should be everyone 's concern , both for their own personal safety and for others .
However , you are not likely to find bargains , and you should be aware that unless you are an expert , you can end up with a fake .
The chart should plot logarithm of concentration on the vertical axis against the date of the test or test number on the horizontal axis .
This is a scene which calls for imaginative lighting The tree and its decorations should sparkle against darker backgrounds . 
A good conditioner should promote the natural strength and shine of your hair . 
Parents should be involved with their children 's education at home , not in school .
Anyone who wants to appreciate just how bizarre this situation is -- with students who ca n't add or subtract `` learning '' the conceptual basis of mathematical theory -- should read the article by Caleb Nelson ( himself a recent math major at Harvard ) in the November American Spectator .
Dublin theater is legendary , and no visitor should miss seeing a performance at the Abbey Theatre or Gate Theatre .
Passageways for cars and pedestrians should be designated 4- Road bumps : Six successive bumps should be constructed at 500 meters from the location .
The distance between the first and fourth bump should be 100 meters , and the distance between the fourth and the sixth should be 50 meters , so cars can not travel fast in the direction of the building 5- Barbed Wires : They should be placed around the building , around the walls , or on top of the walls 6- Nails Obstacle : These are placed at the main gate in order to puncture the tires of any car crashing in
So to me if somebody has life , you know , beyond a reasonable doubt , they should - that should be it - you know , particularly for some of these really .
Today should be interesting as people realize how hard life is going to be here for a while .
These patrols comb the greater area surrounding the location periodically ; anywhere between 3 and four times a week The patrol should be lead by a security officer in order to take immediate actions if the need arises .
` You should meet my friend Chris , " said Tim .
Both parties in a management agreement should have the right to terminate the agreement if certain things go wrong .
An agreement to provide services will not suffice , and a charge of attempted obtaining should be used .
But the government made agreements with certain countries and should keep them . ''
A new distribution deal with the Gaymer Group means the cider should be on sale in around 1,000 pubs within the next five years , says boss Richard Purdey .
Henry and he made a treaty of alliance , agreeing that Richard should be betrothed to one of the Count 's daughters and that , when married , they should be granted the duchy of Aquitaine .
When light dawned , both sides looked very foolish , and made a treaty that everything should be put back exactly as it had been . "
Nobody was allowed to hum , or whistle or listen to music , either , because the merchant thought that people should save their breath the way they saved their money . 
OK , if you want to get picky guitars should purr , destroy and rejuvenate , and dance beats should prowl , pace and threaten . 
Squawking madly in what appeared to be a family squabble over the direction they should take , they suddenly closed ranks , as if by order , and formed a perfect vee behind their leader . 
She frowned in concentration but at the same time she suddenly looked very tired , as though she should stop and sit down . 
The Prince smirked and indicated that a steward should bring forward two chairs . 
In the late 1980s the Cubans manipulated them into a needless confrontation in Angola , which lasted much longer than it should have done because , this time , the Washington team was clumsier . 
If it does n't , the institutions should be prepared to exercise their power and veto the 10 in one package they are being bullied into . 
She worked furiously , grabbing up heaps of earth and scattering it over the dry , sun-baked grass and loose strands of hay so that the fire should have nothing to devour . 
If those devils can wring the necks of chickens and slit the throats of sheep , then they should n't object to some shot , should they ? " 
` It should n't be rushed , " he told her quietly , his thumb caressing her chin .
So many Modernist breakthroughs involved the visual dismantling of a woman -- Picasso 's Demoiselles d 'Avignon ( 1907 ) on the second floor of MoMA , de Kooning 's Woman , I ( 1950 -51 ) on the third -- that it should come as no surprise that Léger began the same way , with his systematically fragmented Woman in Blue ( 1912 ) , the first piece in the exhibition .
Readers should be familiar with Robert Claiborne 's earlier books , especially Our Marvelous Native Tongue : The Life and Times of the English Language .
All equipment manufactured in plastic for use in the aquarium should be non-toxic . 
The card will be tried out in Northampton over the next six months and should go into full production in nineteen ninety five .
These totals could quickly be increased should Iran make the decision to either purchase additional systems from the DPRK or accelerate Shehab-3 production .
Antie will therefore have a polarization function that will return a compass direction toward which it should orient in order to return home to the nest , and a distance function that will return the shortest direct distance .
Ministers should also consider ways of improving sports facilities for youngsters living in inner cities , they claimed .
The database approach is long term and costly , and therefore top management should not risk its failure by sticking to outdated methods of applications development .
The buses should have the following : 1- Light armor and rocket launchers 2- Wireless equipment to report dangerous activities 3- Writing materials to jot down suspicious activities or license plate numbers 4- Sand bags around the buses to protect them from gun fire
The patrol should be armed with light weapon such as Kalashnikovs and RPGs , and cover the area on foot .
3- Request for vacation travel should be submitted two and a half months before the travel date .
Because they just say there 's either no room in the system , you know , in the jails for them or , you know , it 's just that it seems like the automatic sentences - if - if a judge has leeway on what he 's going to , you know , sentence someone for between , you know , two months and uh fifty years and you know what 's his whim to decide it should be two months .
No student should be permitted to be graduated from elementary school without having mastered the 3 R 's at the level that prevailed 20 years ago .
Because they just say there 's either no room in the system , you know , in the jails for them or , you know , it 's just that it seems like the automatic sentences - if - if a judge has leeway on what he 's going to , you know , sentence someone for between , you know , two months and uh fifty years and you know what 's his whim to decide it should be two months .
Today should be interesting as people realize how hard life is going to be here for a while .
I should have done more , and it makes it apparently I wasted time .
Second , if the key assumption is valid , Democrats should have lower attendance rates on roll-call votes than Republicans do to the extent that such votes reflect national policy making and that participating in such votes takes away from the time a legislator could otherwise devote to local benefit-seeking .
Curtains should look full so it 's better to have yards and yards of a cheaper material than meagre amounts of an expensive one . 
Start with a length of about seven metres of wire , precisely half of which should be spooled onto a shuttle thin enough to pass through the centre of the toroid . 
Passageways for cars and pedestrians should be designated 4- Road bumps : Six successive bumps should be constructed at 500 meters from the location .
The distance between the first and fourth bump should be 100 meters , and the distance between the fourth and the sixth should be 50 meters , so cars can not travel fast in the direction of the building 5- Barbed Wires : They should be placed around the building , around the walls , or on top of the walls 6- Nails Obstacle : These are placed at the main gate in order to puncture the tires of any car crashing in
1- The fence which is built out of bricks or concrete should be 4 meters high , then topped with one meter high barbed wire fence .
2- The thickness of the fence should be 60 cm and the distance between it and the building should be 2 meters .
Therefore , it is important to adopt following : 1- The parking lot should be 50 meters away from the fence .
3- Secret gates should be built 50 meters apart to be used for emergency only .
6- If the location is in a highly dangerous zone , then two parallel fences should be built to be 3 meters apart .
The ditch should be 30 centimeters deep and 20 centimeters wide .
2- The thickness of the fence should be 60 cm and the distance between it and the building should be 2 meters .
ANYONE who feels like investing in a few grams of silver should call up a certain Carroll Jones in his office in Washington . 
Question two : if you want to avoid heart attacks should you drink a pint of milk a day ? 
If you are given a box of chocolates they should not represent ruin and damnation . 
He should have a glass of water with each meal , at least , and possibly in between meals if his environment is very warm , or if he is doing a lot of active therapy . 
Production from the Helm , Helder and Hoorn fields should achieve some 25,000 barrels per day ( 1.2 million tonnes ) . 
The butter should be burnt to a mid- tan , sprinkled over the salads , and then the same pan used for quickly boiling four tablespoons of vinegar . 
The Food Safety Directorate say that all packets of cling film should carry health warnings . 
It should be noted also that Cognitive-Behaviour Therapy has been applied beyond psychiatric disorders to the problems of offenders and to people with learning difficulties .
This requirement should be specified in the tender document for the purchase of radiology services .
Without developing the criteria that the system should meet and then effectively assessing the risks , agencies could adopt signature systems that will not provide the necessary data integrity .
" But despite this I still think American troops should leave Iraq so that confidence will not be lost between Iraq , America and the international community .
That should free seasoned combat troops for battle in heavily contested areas .
Full members wishing to attend a meeting should upon receipt of an invitation , register their intention in writing to the secretary of the LIFESPAN User Group .
If a member of the public sees him then they should on no account approach him or make a disturbance .
2- Disputes related to AL-QAEDA missions between member brethren should be judged by qualified personnel , which is carried out by the immediate commander ( Amir ) of the conflicting parties .
Believing holy places should honor only Allah , Ansar fighters dug up crypts in the blue-domed Biyara mosque , removing the bones of 14 holy men belonging to the Naqshbandi Muslim sect .
` Any member who requires a refund of their membership fees should call at Age Concern Cleveland , 150 Linthorpe Road . "
Requirements of joining AL QAEDA : 1 - Abiding by AL QAEDA rules , its beliefs and objectives as previously mentioned 2 - Obedience to the leaders in charge as much as possible , without disobeying Islamic rules 3 - No connection between AL QAEDA membership and any other Islamic group 4 - Maintain secrecy in work-related issues 5- Physically healthy ( except in administrative work ) 6- The candidate should not be in question when it comes to religion , integrity or his morality 7- Reciting the pledge of AL-QAEDA .
If I remember rightly West Brom should have thrashed Stoke really ( based on their current form ) . 
` People should remember alcohol is dangerous whether you drink it in the pub or at the Christmas carol concert . " 
No objection had been raised at the time , he said , and ` it is absurd that they should start to quibble a week later and try to reopen the issue " . 
But it would be absurd that he should be able to plead the jury 's verdict in the first trial as a bar to the second . 
It felt absurd that we should be indoors poring over papers when we might have been out there , basking in dappled sunlight , bathing in the lake . 
In evidence I said that allergen extracts should be standardised and prepared according to good manufacturing practice and that it was absurd to inject patients with extracts of gas and petrol fumes . 
The labels also tell us that the United States courts see nothing absurd in admitting the multiplicity of meanings that a statutory term can have , nor in accepting that the agency 's choice as to the precise meaning should govern . 
But it should be possible to create and enforce enough common rules to prevent the absurd see-sawing of industrial relations legislation we have seen since 1969 . 
The idea that we should divide our lives into three parts -- education/full-time work/retirement -- seems to me to be absurd . 
In this , continental European researchers have generally been more broad-minded than those in Britain , and it seems to me a view that should be adopted more widely . 
Farmers , it was claimed , were basically honest people but their book keeping was not all that it should be which could result in some omissions due to carelessness . 
You should be as devious and cunning about this as the book is itself . 
The Vendor should be diligent in their disclosures . 
These were that one should be diligent in pursuing one 's religious calling ; that one should renounce material satisfaction ; and that one 's time should always be used constructively . 
Providing the valuer had been honest and diligent , the court should be cautious before convicting him of professional negligence merely because he had failed to be the first to spot a ` sleeper " . 
What I should have said was that there was no serious dispute among professionals of quality who had any discernment in such matters . 
Not for the first time , the British voter has confounded the pundits and returned a shrewd , sensible verdict which should renew our respect for his discernment . 
She thought that Elizabeth was foolish to have married a silent countryman and to have condemned herself to a life of boredom , and that she should have known better . 
I am convinced that it would be foolish for the Government to formulate policy until we are clear , from the European Court , what that policy should avoid so as not to become entangled in the law . 
If it was idiotic of the BP jury to make the award to such an obviously vested interest , it seems even odder that Mr Whittam-Smith , who places such store on journalistic integrity , should have seen fit to accept it . 
We should be very ill-advised to build too much on by-election votes . 
` It should be easy for you , " remarked Brian , addressing his stepdaughter in what Scarlet felt to be an ill-advised tone of patronage , ` with your grandfather 's reputation and my experience . 
He would think judges should retain the power to overrule past judicial decisions , if they were especially ill-advised , even when they were clear enough to provide crisp guidance to litigants . 
The sight of one bee carrying out a struggling sister or even the queen should convince us that behaviour can seem intelligent in its normal context without any need for the intellectual participation of the actors . 
The slippery slope argument should never be dismissed as irrelevant ; it would be totally irrational to reach policy decisions without consideration of their likely consequences . 
It is ludicrous that the Government should say that airlines and other carriers should be punished for doing something that is not their job . 
He added : ` It is ludicrous that a man who was the centre of a police investigation should be allowed to sit in judgment against honest men who were following their conscience . " 
I really did find that we sunk to the pits when we started circulating recipes for cheesecake on er poll tax er payers money , that is absolutely ludicrous and we should n't be spending money on that . 
Disciplinary frontiers should be channels of communication , not iron curtains of mutual unintelligibility and mistrust ; this regrettably narrow-minded approach misconstrues the complementary aims and interests of these cognate subjects . 
One should n't be narrow-minded when looking for a man 's weakness . " 
Why should the nonsensical Nationalization -- Privatization ping-pong of English politics be copied in Ireland ? 
It was reasonable that Hester should be surprised , but her attitude was definitely hostile . 
Since Sotheby 's catalogue categorically stated that their version was ` unknown " to me , it seemed reasonable that my views should be made known to them . 
“ It is reasonable that a man who denies the legality of a tax should have a clear and certain remedy . 
This is taxpayers " money and it seems only reasonable that the public should get some recompense in the form of better access . 
While your commentary should naturally be unbiased , it is reasonable that it should include possible reasons for any patterns revealed . 
So to me if somebody has life , you know , beyond a reasonable doubt , they should - that should be it - you know , particularly for some of these really .
Indeed , for both it is ridiculous that a man who has no claim on the world 's attention , should nonetheless be able to exact full obedience from his wife . 
It 's ridiculous one should be so shocked by falling down . " 
It is only sensible that the person for whom the candidate will be working ( and who therefore probably knows best what is needed ) , should be involved in the selection . 
Kate had told him that at present there were only women in the house and it seemed sensible that he should have a woman with him , particularly as it was Kate who had first broken the news . 
Whatever the precautions adopted it is sensible that the breeding animals receive the highest protection and staff not directly involved with breeding should not enter the breeding area . 
I should have thought that it was much more sensible to make proposals from the start for both a station and a link . 
Reviews have been mixed , but smart critics who should have known better have dismissed Broomfield 's journalistic malevolence as fun , wacky , postmodern , an expose of the seamy underbelly of fame by a renegade who eschews the boring objectivity of the documentary tradition .
One local radio contractor said it seemed unreasonable that the Home Office should be deciding between two competing claims on the spectrum when it was responsible for running one of them . 
It is therefore quite unreasonable to allow this ; the animals should be stunned at the time the throat is cut . 
And few would disagree that , given the fanaticism and sheer ferocity of tabloid prejudice , it would be unreasonable for gay people to expect that Labour should adopt our cause as an election issue . 
The proposal is that a buyer who is a non-consumer should not have this right where the breach is so slight that it would be unreasonable for him to reject the goods . 
How should we counsel young people to respond when a parent seems unreasonable in a particular demand or request ? 
The right to refuse should , of course , be upheld , even though the patient 's view is deemed irrational or unreasonable by the doctor or is based on what seem to be poor grounds . 
The 29-year-old complained bitterly about pin positions , said it was stupid that players shooting scores of ` 101 and 98 " should be allowed to compete and claimed a tournament allowing such poor players should not be a Ryder Cup points-counting event . 
Times like that , running on less sleep than I should , alone because everyone else had had the sense to retire for the night , I had a tendency to get all meditative about the universe and my place in it .
If the answer to either question is yes , then here we have a case of the cost of parental irresponsibility being doled out to everybody else , a phenomenon the papers should be more curious about .
If the final plan involves significant , unspecified cuts in real discretionary spending -- and if most of those cuts occur in 2001 and 2002 , when Bill Clinton will be a man of leisure -- we should all be suspicious .
Today should be interesting as people realize how hard life is going to be here for a while .
It should be emphasised that although these statistics are interesting for purposes of comparison , they should be treated with caution because of the differences in the methods of compilation . 
The fact that ` Sassy " is part of a running charter concept should make her interesting for clients with both business and pleasure in mind . 
Should you tire of shopping and eating , Malaysia is just across the water , with hundreds of miles of perfect beaches and a fascinating culture of its own .
The media campaign mentioned yesterday should be put in into operation immediately .
I mentioned you among the people she should contact , simply that .
The policy review concluded that the United States should seek `` improved implementation of the Agreed Framework , verifiable constraints on North Korea 's missile program , a ban on missile exports , and a less threatening North Korean conventional military posture . ''
The new guidebook will note that units must be ready to do both , but it also will say training for a primarily offensive force should differ from training for stability operations .
More recently , the commission that investigated the Sept. 11 attacks recommended that responsibility for covert paramilitary operations should be taken away from the CIA and given to the Defense Department .
`` The General Assembly should set aside money for a new state health lab , millions of doses of antiviral drugs and a fund to help meet basic needs after a disaster , a legislative panel recommended Thursday .
I thought it was improper that it should be used . 
The Dean admits that the landowners are good preservers of the landscape , but he finds it ` improper that private citizens should enormous tracts of the English countryside " . 
Sir Richard Attenborough , chairman of Channel 4 , said it was ` utterly improper that any government should have direct control over the appointment of who will run Channel 4 " . 
On this basis it could be argued that companies should indeed be regarded as purely private organisations , and that state intervention in their internal affairs constitutes an improper interference with the moral rights of the participants . 
` It was unacceptable , unethical and immoral that such unfortunate pressure should be brought upon colleagues , especially young members , " he said . 
The members of the Rising wrote to Henry VIII insisting that he should dismiss his evil counsellors . 
` He should n't be allowed to get away with such vile behaviour . 
Those Georgian buildings were slums ; we felt it was wrong that anyone should have to live in them . 
It was wrong what he did but he should be shown compassion . " 
The estate agent is selling for a third party and it would be totally wrong that his client should suffer because of the false window-dressing of his agent . 
Such money may often have corrupt sources , but if something good can come from it , should we complain ? 
` Why anyone should wish to carry out such an evil and depraved attack on a young girl like this is a mystery to us . " 
` It was unacceptable , unethical and immoral that such unfortunate pressure should be brought upon colleagues , especially young members , " he said . 
` It should be recorded that whatever her failings disclosed by the evidence in this trial , she deserves to be remembered as a vivacious , caring and decent young woman . " 
I do n't see why decent ordinary people having a night out should suffer for the actions of a few . " 
It is not that people should be righteous in the expectation of some reward but rather they should behave righteously because of an inherent desire to do so . 
` Perhaps we should allow her to go ahead with her virtuous deed . 
Fund raising activities should be fun -- people should not only feel virtuous at parting with their money but should gain pleasure and enjoyment too . 
Nor should the West be excessively high-minded now in condemning a L regime which once served its anti- Soviet purposes so well . 
I sprang out , they tried to drag me back , and had it not been for the help of this good man , who led me to the cab , I should never had broken away .
The use of ` black " to describe unscrupulous or villainous behaviour may be repugnant to many members of ethnic minority communities and you should be careful about their use . 
If the matter is to be discussed with the miscreant partner at all he should be given a genuine opportunity to put his case to all the other partners . 
Is it right that liability for the second most heinous crime in English law , which carries a maximum penalty of life imprisonment , should be satisfied by this relatively low grade of fault ? 
-- Students should move up the educational ladder as their academic potential allows .
He should consider his victory a mandate to continue his growth-oriented economic reforms and not a demand that he move further left .
Going up the tower should be from inside .
I think we should now talk of heads rolling along the Potomac .
` Should be ten but the eldest got drunk and fell in the river ! " 
The distance between the first and fourth bump should be 100 meters , and the distance between the fourth and the sixth should be 50 meters , so cars can not travel fast in the direction of the building 5- Barbed Wires : They should be placed around the building , around the walls , or on top of the walls 6- Nails Obstacle : These are placed at the main gate in order to puncture the tires of any car crashing in
What should have happened is that the soft , natural gold would be spiked by the pin … what actually happened was that the nugget was pinged out into the river like a tiddly wink . 
Since electrical pulses zinging down a wire are more regular and predictable than a steel cable moving inside a plastic cover , the result should be more precise control of engine revs and better fuel consumption . 
THE agriculture minister , John Gummer , should have declared work paid for by a giant food company to restore a pond on his own land , MPs ruled last night . 
It was unclear to them why St Petersburg should promise the Turks assistance in return for the closure of the Dardanelles , when closing the straits between the Aegean and the Black Sea was a longstanding Turkish principle . 
Should an enemy ever bomb the High Dam , Egypt would be washed into the sea by the very waters which have created it . 
I know I should n't have gone near the sea , but I did it as a protest . 
Miniature waterlilies that may be growing in a shallow rock pool or sink should ideally have all the water drained off their crowns and then be protected by a generous layer of old leaves or straw . 
Either going or coming one should cross the Athos peninsula and look down into monasteries on the Holy Mountain that no female eye may otherwise see . 
On chaotically crevassed terrain , and particularly when crossing glaciers parallel to the crevasse lines , these distances should be substantially increased . 
It is fitting that the river should , according to legend , be associated with Tamara , a beautiful nymph who in ancient times lived in a cave deep below the earth . 
THE animals that live in caves , David Culver believes , should be of particular interest to biologists . 
You should make several large caves out of well-bedded rocks , and/or well-weathered bogwood if you prefer . 
The Civil Rights Act of 1875 , Section 1 , provided that all persons should enjoy equal access to `` inns , public conveyances on land or water , theaters , and other places of public amusement '' regardless of race , color , or previous condition of servitude .
`` The General Assembly should set aside money for a new state health lab , millions of doses of antiviral drugs and a fund to help meet basic needs after a disaster , a legislative panel recommended Thursday .
These patrols comb the greater area surrounding the location periodically ; anywhere between 3 and four times a week The patrol should be lead by a security officer in order to take immediate actions if the need arises .
` The role of SSSI is not to say that the rest of the countryside does n't matter , but show up areas which should be preserved at all costs . "
She should have known , Robbie thought wearily , her story had n't moved him one iota .
Peter was n't in the slightest bit put out , and he looked back at my friend and said , ` You should n't gamble if you ca n't afford to lose . "
He should consider his victory a mandate to continue his growth-oriented economic reforms and not a demand that he move further left .
He should do more to reduce tax rates on wealth and income , in recognition of the fact that those cuts yield higher , not lower , revenues .
She also wrote that he should not bother looking for her because he would not be able to find her .
In fact er they should have done a lot better , but a lot of Conservative voters did n't bother going out to vote cos it was a foregone conclusion .
In all cases , do not alter the position of any fittings on the cross-spars -- they should be a very tight fit for the very purpose of staying where set !
Since they do n't have problems landing on their gliding site , they do n't see why there should be any particular problem landing elsewhere .
But the absence of public apprehension over corporate crime does not justify it being ignored by criminologists ; rather , it should justify creating a publicity campaign to create an awareness of corporate crime .
The key question is not whether their use may be discontinued , once started ; rather , it is whether they should be used in the first place .
It had never been intended and was not his desire that Japan should become an ally of the United States ; rather Japan should be recognised as a neutral .
A hardcard is n't that much more difficult to install , its faster and it should be cheaper .
The possibility that parts of the business could be sold off as a going concern should not be overlooked .
She knew immediately that she should not have said that .
For the moment , however , the United States should not prejudge the future .
Maybe Ross should never had got married in the first place .
Just quiet , controlled anger that the children should have been so arbitrarily removed to places where they had nothing loved or familiar , and no one to turn to .
I wasted no time going towards the cliff top , because there was no reason why she should be there , and kept to the paths between the magnolia tree and the terrace .
This program also supports twenty-seven of the most commonly used printers , so there should be no problem finding a driver compatible with your own .
With both men having defences more vulnerable than Leeds , there should be no complaints even from those paying $800 for ringside seats about not getting value for money .
Cases pending in the Parlement of Paris concerning bastides in the Agenais should be resolved because , she said , ` there should be no pleas between father and son " .
I should n't be here , and I certainly should n't be talking to you , but I have no option . "
Anyway , with the enthusiasm of youth I had no doubt that we should be able to cope with life in remote parts for a few years .
Otherwise , follow the printed instructions and unless your linker is faulty , this should solve the problem .
The present author was much intrigued as to why a northern merchant family should choose what seemed to be a most inappropriate device ( unless as indicative of their aggressive commercial practices ) .
Unless the job stretches subordinates there is no reason why they should need , or seek , your help .
Unless your handwriting is illegible , or the form specifically asks for typewriting , the form should be neatly handwritten .
East Germany 's prosecutor general has suggested that a parliamentary committee should investigate charges of corruption and power abuse by state and party officials . 
But it is the voice of Pearl investors which will have more influence on the outcome and they should keep quiet for the time being .
It is high-powered and the tape should be audible to the whales from a distance of up to two miles .
Nevertheless , this searcher may well be interested in titles like " The ecology of the smaller rodents " , but these should be ranked lower than the first two .
There should be no room for this sort of passive interest in the general well being of tennis -- especially from the player ranked No. 1 in the world .
Superior Court Judge Stanley M. Weisberg , who had presided over the King trial , on May 15 ruled that the principal assailant , Officer Laurence M. Powell , should be retried on a felony assault charge . 
4- Inside parking lot should be strictly designated to the location 's cars in order to protect them from sabotage .
It should be noted that the shop assistant was guilty of theft , and not just of attempted theft .
If there are alternative theft and handling counts , the jurors should not be instructed to convict of the offence which it seems more probable to them that the accused committed .
Special considerations : the appellant was originally put on probation with a requirement that he should reside at a probation hostel which specialised in providing treatment for young men guilty of indecent assault .
It is a subsequent and primarily political/moral question as to which of these should then constitute child abuse .
It was also impressed by the argument of the Policy Advisory Committee that there should be a clear legislative statement that rape is committed even where a woman does not sustain injury but submits through fear .
We should hope that it presages a more thorough review of alcohol taxation . 
Therefore , it is highly desirable that there should be reliable and efficient culture systems to support the normal development of embryos over relatively long periods .
Peat , however , should not be used , as its use retards its growth .
If traffic in residential areas is thoroughly calmed , then cycling near to home should become a safe and peaceful activity , especially for children . 
You should previously have been in charge of a small cruiser for at least two weeks ( perhaps on a two week flotilla ) , and you should be confident reefing your mainsail or paddling your rubber dinghy in strong winds . 
Traditionally , you should row towards the swan , but swan-upping can be hard work and many prefer to be towed . 
Thereupon Southey announced that , Pantisocrat or no , his private resources were his own , and that on the Welsh farm each person should manage his own affairs .
Every group who use sports facilities managed by their Local Authority should make sure that provision for their space is included in bid specifications .
It is suggested that stability testing should be a continuing process involving samples from each stage of the development of a product .
In other words , statistical testing should not be used as a substitute for theoretical ideas by simply dredging the data for any statistically significant relationships that happen to be present .
Um , but I think if we quit , uh , building these Taj Mahals with the color TVs and sixty dollars sixty thousand a year to keep an inmate in there - on a - on a - on a life sentence , we should start hanging them and get it over with and let 's just screwing up the system uh .
They should be taught to recognise that the attitudes and behaviour of a character or narrator are not necessarily to be identified with the attitudes or beliefs of the author . 
The Christian belief that a house of God should be open to everyone precludes the Church from cashing in on some of its most beautiful assets . 
I do not consider that Dicey 's beliefs on the nature of political authority can be , or should be , divorced from his conception of legal sovereignty . 
Deeply rooted in peasant culture was the belief that the land should belong to whoever worked it with his own hands . 
Requirements of joining AL QAEDA : 1 - Abiding by AL QAEDA rules , its beliefs and objectives as previously mentioned 2 - Obedience to the leaders in charge as much as possible , without disobeying Islamic rules 3 - No connection between AL QAEDA membership and any other Islamic group 4 - Maintain secrecy in work-related issues 5- Physically healthy ( except in administrative work ) 6- The candidate should not be in question when it comes to religion , integrity or his morality 7- Reciting the pledge of AL-QAEDA .
However , if the Jumblies could turn that into a sea-going vessel , you should expect that the PC can be made as secure as you want .
I feel I should wash all the rocks again but I fear the problem will return .
I felt these elementary slips should be corrected , and came up with a possible solution .
She comments that people seemed to feel that child care was an appropriate service for kin to perform for each other , but also that they should not be exploited .
The distance between the first and fourth bump should be 100 meters , and the distance between the fourth and the sixth should be 50 meters , so cars can not travel fast in the direction of the building 5- Barbed Wires : They should be placed around the building , around the walls , or on top of the walls 6- Nails Obstacle : These are placed at the main gate in order to puncture the tires of any car crashing in
It almost should be the first twelve people that they - you know - that have on a list are the ones that are on the jury and that 's it .
Second , if the key assumption is valid , Democrats should have lower attendance rates on roll-call votes than Republicans do to the extent that such votes reflect national policy making and that participating in such votes takes away from the time a legislator could otherwise devote to local benefit-seeking .
The distance between the first and fourth bump should be 100 meters , and the distance between the fourth and the sixth should be 50 meters , so cars can not travel fast in the direction of the building 5- Barbed Wires : They should be placed around the building , around the walls , or on top of the walls 6- Nails Obstacle : These are placed at the main gate in order to puncture the tires of any car crashing in
The final result in this case is that such a molecule should have six IR bands , all with coincident Raman bands , plus three Raman bands with no IR counterparts .
Nevertheless , the Board reiterates its position that entities should be provided maximum flexibility when applying the stewardship standards .
They banded themselves into a society which should never be dissolved until the work was done .
Anyone who wants to appreciate just how bizarre this situation is -- with students who ca n't add or subtract `` learning '' the conceptual basis of mathematical theory -- should read the article by Caleb Nelson ( himself a recent math major at Harvard ) in the November American Spectator .
Many drivers sympathise with the suggestion cars should be kept out of the city centre .
` Now , I suppose I should pity you more .
Probably he was going to ask for help in obtaining a pardon for Sidacai , and Alexei thought about telling him that it was Burun 's intent that he should be freed .
Do you approve of these changes happening all around the edges of our towns , or should something different be done ? 
However , they should not be identifiable from the outside part of the fence .
5- No other outside gates should be erected .
If it is necessary to have an outside entrance for the control tower , then access to the location should not be constructed .
4- Inside parking lot should be strictly designated to the location 's cars in order to protect them from sabotage .
Also , the visitors with high security clearance should be designated parking spots inside the location .
This kind of protection should be done without drawing attention so that people inside the location would feel at ease .
The centre of gravity should be kept low in order to make the paddler more stable and reduce the effort needed to stay upright . 
Going up the tower should be from inside .
Should we merge `` presentation '' and `` representation '' layers , split level 6 like level 2 or not assign it to any level , I 'll leave the discussion to the theoricians .
Should we merge `` presentation '' and `` representation '' layers , split level 6 like level 2 or not assign it to any level , I 'll leave the discussion to the theoricians .
Bottle tops , silver paper and tin cans are the last things you should throw away . 
5- Cars parked inside the location should have their front facing the fence so they could be used quickly in case of emergency .
If the nature of the terrain does not allow it , then it should be on the other side of the road .
The centre of the back end should be near the centre of the door , and the axis of the rear half of the truck should be perpendicular to the door . 
But C.C. 's abnormal difficulty in judging vertical symmetry is caused by his neglect for the left of figures , which should not disrupt judgements of symmetry about the horizontal axis . 
The fault 's western side is moving inexorably northward at a rate of five cm a year and should be part of Alaska in about 50 million years . 
But Barry Ward says we should take a closer look at the East of England . 
Should England win the World Cup next time round , you will undoubtedly notice that a small shard of plexiglass is missing from the said carrying case . 
And of course the birthday boy should always get the biggest slice of cake . 
African Americans were part of the public , and they should be entitled , as a matter of equality with others , to have access to public transport , theaters , and hotel accommodations .
However , they should not be identifiable from the outside part of the fence .
1- The lower part of the tower should serve as a shelter for the guards , when needed .
The tomatoes Red Alert and Tornado should give reasonable crops outdoors in a dull summer -- at least in the southern half of the country . 
3- Request for vacation travel should be submitted two and a half months before the travel date .
These should have specialised sections that would agitate on different issues and among different sections of the population . 
The directive was aimed at Sinn Fein and the UDA but it could not have been the legislators ' intention that the broadcasting authority should be impartial between the terrorists and the terrorised . 
The inquiry recommended that an independent , trained , impartial person should be employed to invite and investigate allegations of sexual abuse in schools . 
Nothing is more disastrous than that any suspicion of the complete impartiality of the judges should be possible . " 
I can not accept that I should adopt a live-and-let-live neutral attitude to hawks and pigeons even though I accept the fact that we share very similar body mechanisms and an identical world . 
Government action should be neutral regarding ideals of the good life . 
For the moment , however , the United States should not prejudge the future .
The decree also stipulated that foreigners should not participate in political activities , " work studies " or research .
Second , if the key assumption is valid , Democrats should have lower attendance rates on roll-call votes than Republicans do to the extent that such votes reflect national policy making and that participating in such votes takes away from the time a legislator could otherwise devote to local benefit-seeking .
It should be noted that the DTI provides support for about 7000 British participants attending over 300 overseas trade fairs .
Conference under which they will carry out the work which conference participants resolved that they should .
A little deeper thinking raises the question of why organization participants should accept such core values .
Age Concern believes that the participation of older people in all activities which put their skills and enthusiasms to good use should be encouraged .
Parents should be involved with their children 's education at home , not in school .
-- Most important of all , schools should have principals with a large measure of authority over the faculty , the curriculum , and all matters of student discipline .
The netting should fit quite snugly and reach to just below the rim of the container . 
We should further note the dramatic increase , postwar , in numbers of old people living alone . 
one of these people that believes that we should not be able to buy guns but i do n't think we should be carrying Uzis either you know what i mean yeah i know i mean i do n't think machine guns automatic weapons i do n't believe in things like that but i think
yeah the the uh i 've always felt that public people who are involved with the safety of other people should be drug tested i 've i have never said that i did n't want that the problem that i had was
C : `` Then I should have told him that people put bombs on trains because they 're looking for God ? ''
and um you know i i i do n't like to be rude to people but i find myself becoming more and more um abrasive because i just do n't you know feel like they should be calling me on my own personal private time
They got , they got , um , I think they should make people pay to fish too , and the people it 's his , it 's his niece , that 's my Aunt Claudia .
Today should be interesting as people realize how hard life is going to be here for a while .
The area patrol is different from the single patrol in that : 1- It has a vehicle equipped with a machine gun 2- It can use horses to canvass the area , but the patrol should be formed of 2 or 3 people at least
This kind of protection should be done without drawing attention so that people inside the location would feel at ease .
It almost should be the first twelve people that they - you know - that have on a list are the ones that are on the jury and that 's it .
It seemed , somehow , monstrously unfair that a decision of such importance to England 's cultural future should be left to a person from Pakistan . 
It also proposes that there should be three distinct offences , namely , unlawful sexual intercourse , gross indecency and buggery , to deal with consensual sexual activity involving a person under the age of consent . 
The moral courage required on the part of the elderly person to recognise what is happening and not resist should also be saluted . 
If the person dies at home the family doctor and nearest relative should be informed . 
" If I didn 't know you were a good man , Walters , I should put a black mark against you for this .
I sprang out , they tried to drag me back , and had it not been for the help of this good man , who led me to the cab , I should never had broken away .
You 're going to have everything a London gentleman should have , a carriage , and horses , and everything ! " 
She protested that they should n't have been put on there without her authority , and the farm chaps laughed and said , ` You wo n't be wanting that again . " 
` Another chopper should be along for you at any minute , old chap , but why not go and wait in your van until it arrives ? " 
3 ) Abortions should remain legal as they will occur regardless of legality and endanger lives of people who are DEFINATELY human when done so under questionable circumstances .
Essex has an equal opportunities policy which should mean that adults with special educational needs are well represented among its students and this is , indeed , the case . 
It should be remembered that Employment Training Courses are designed to help unemployed adults back into the labour market , participation being entirely voluntary . 
There is no reason why an average sized adult should not receive 24 to 30 thousand units intravenously in 24 hours . 
Why you should feel it reasonable to subject a human baby to this distasteful experience -- " 
In the ever more intense rivalry between Mercedes and BMW , that should have been a blast big enough to silence the boys from Munich . 
A BOY of 13 thought to be responsible for a car crimewave sobbed loudly last night as magistrates ruled he should be placed in a secure unit for three months -- 300 miles from his home . 
Many people find it hard to praise children for behaviour they believe should be displayed anyway . 
The security team should : A : Publish a periodic bulletin and distribute to all residents , advising them how to safely store gaz and logs B : Keep the firefighters alert at all times C : Report any thing that might be a fire hazard D : Warn against the safety of children 's toys E : Urge everyone to take precautions and guard their homes tightly
Parents who leave the kids with the babysitter and go out because they feel they should are among the biggest culprits . 
` You should try looking after my class of twelve-year-old juvenile delinquents ! "
It may accord with some of our moral gut reactions , which seem to tell us that wrongdoers should be made to suffer .
The retributivist principle -- that wrongdoers should be punished because they deserve it -- is in some ways the complete antithesis of reductivism .
` A good Muslim , " said Dr Ali , ` should pray five times a day .
The legal advisers to the managers should agree with the investors ' lawyers at an early stage exactly what is required to satisfy the conditions . 
His lawyer could argue that , while she was a loving and competent mother , other circumstances should be considered . 
` Still , we should get a statement from the studio receptionist who saw Chapel physically attack his boss . " 
" But why should one servant return ? "
She crept stealthily along the gallery , not daring to put on a light in case she should wake Luke , past his room , feeling carefully in the half-darkness . 
` I should n't think so -- not unless you wanted a dirty look from the sales staff . " 
I warned them that d-i-yers should stop short of tampering with British Telecom 's property , but they nevertheless decided to take look inside the junction box . 
If you should wish to look inside the packet , before sending it , feel free to do so . 
And should Mr Moon ever be encountered by chance in his wife 's company then he could not be acknowledged either , other than by a glance of mild regret when no one was looking . 
Accordingly , when Kepler first heard of Galileo 's telescopic observations , he was alarmed lest the satellites reported should be planets orbiting another sun . 
Why should observations through a telescope be preferred to naked-eye observations ? 
All doctors should be advised to systematically palpate the costal margin firmly in all patients complaining of pain in the lower chest or upper abdomen . 
The art of palpating for a pyloric mass should be taught by experienced senior staff to junior staff and students . 
A peek in the waste containers at the end of the lunch break is a good indicator of what should n't appear on the menu in future . 
A peek through the window showed that the taxi had arrived , brief farewells were made to the men , and Karl left , promising to ring them the next day and making mock threats to Erika and Paul should they forget to meet him the following Sunday . 
Should I just take a peek through the windows of those double doors -- see if I can see him -- Vern 's dad ? 
The bottle you tasted six months ago is now softer and more appealing ; the one you drank yesterday should have lost its sharp edges by the summer . 
One thing I should mention is that you 'd be advised to try and view these videos on a stereo VCR , as many of the recorded examples -- panning , for example -- are pretty meaningless otherwise . 
It seemed to me shocking that they should engage in such a crude , almost obscene activity in public , and I would watch them with fascinated repulsion . 
If they did we should have them , for every port is watched .
This makes , therefore , for the very tempting prediction that sign language perception should show a RHA , since it appears to be spatially organised . 
` You should see the size of our garden ! " 
Posting mothers ' names where they can be easily seen by anyone entering the unit should be avoided , and a policy developed specifying who is authorised to transfer babies between mothers ' rooms and the nursery . 
Dublin theater is legendary , and no visitor should miss seeing a performance at the Abbey Theatre or Gate Theatre .
But a good student should be able to sense whether he is getting the point of the problem or not . 
It was inherent in the project that Blackeyes should be played by a relatively unknown , inexperienced actress . 
Dublin theater is legendary , and no visitor should miss seeing a performance at the Abbey Theatre or Gate Theatre .
The suggestion is often made that a couple should not be treated as if they were living as husband and wife unless the man is actually giving the woman financial support . 
If you do not pay income tax , but your spouse does , you should not enter into a Deed of Covenant on your own . 
Consistency with the argument presented earlier would seem to demand that such a couple should enjoy all rights and privileges available to a ` married " couple . 
The 40-year-old told one of the sisters if anyone asked who the father of her baby daughter was she should lie and say it was her boyfriend , Leeds Crown Court was told . 
He is still on good terms with all his ex-wives and girlfriends ; he is bemused that anyone should think this odd . 
Shift-change was long over ; Haminh should have returned here at least an hour ago , unless she had a lover who had n't been mentioned , who she was in the habit of spending a shift with . 
Should I become his mistress ? 
But it should be news based on fact , not conjured up disinformation designed to damage estranged spouses or commercial competitors , " he added . 
` We 'd been seeing each other for a year when he suggested we should move in together .
Success will demand concerted effort and long - term commitment , but the returns should be considerable .
This reliance on the success of one or two films is unique to MGM and to this year -- the studio should have a full slate again in 1998 -- but it does epitomize the industry 's new dependence on blockbusters .
The staff room should have a locker and/or a place to hang clothes , and nearby there may be staff toilets . 
The student should be ` completely immersed " in the language from day one . 
Virgin 's boss , a millionaire before he was 21 , stressed that the multi-nationals should stop laying people off and inject some risk capital into the country . 
No attempt should be made to restrict an employee 's future place of work by inserting a restraint-of-trade clause in the contract of employment . 
If it were the devil himself a constable on duty should never thank God that he could not lay his hands upon him .
2- Under no circumstance a car , even that which belongs to the location should be permitted to park next to the fence .
5- Cars parked inside the location should have their front facing the fence so they could be used quickly in case of emergency .
` Having recently received the April publication of Hospitality , I should like to place on record the vast improvement on previous issues that has been accomplished . 
He had a long stick which he would place under their legs when doing the high kick to indicate where it should reach . 
The distance between the first and fourth bump should be 100 meters , and the distance between the fourth and the sixth should be 50 meters , so cars can not travel fast in the direction of the building 5- Barbed Wires : They should be placed around the building , around the walls , or on top of the walls 6- Nails Obstacle : These are placed at the main gate in order to puncture the tires of any car crashing in
1- Kiosks should be placed at entrance gates to check visitors when approaching the building .
2- Kiosks should be placed at key important locations where 24-hour security watch is required .
3- The Kiosk should be designed to stand all weather conditions , and provide a full coverage of the area it is placed at .
While acknowledging his argument for the bolt placement , I advised that he had done the route ; if others thought a bolt should be placed , let someone else go ahead and place it . 
The resolution demands that Libya should hand over two men suspected of planting a bomb which blew up Pan Am flight 103 over Lockerbie in December 1988 with the loss of 270 lives . 
As an additional precaution , you should stand the tray on newspaper . 
White splashes of paint on the bottles indicated which way up they should be binned after delivery from the wine merchant . 
The tape should also be marked with ` 1 of x " , where x represents the final number of tapes used to archive the table .
This evidence should then be filed so that if it is challenged or its validity is questioned , the company can show that it has acted not only in good faith but with due care and prudence . 
They reached Catte Street and Corbett decided they should stay in the tavern where they had stabled their horses . 
You would n't want , for example , the heads of our elderly people 's homes to be sat in their offices pushing paper when they should be managing the home . 
After Desert Storm , many thought that the attackers should have shouldered the responsibility of occupying Iraq , restoring democracy and temporarily administering the country under some UN mandate . 
They should put some water on at least . " 
" If I didn 't know you were a good man , Walters , I should put a black mark against you for this .
Requirements of joining AL QAEDA : 1 - Abiding by AL QAEDA rules , its beliefs and objectives as previously mentioned 2 - Obedience to the leaders in charge as much as possible , without disobeying Islamic rules 3 - No connection between AL QAEDA membership and any other Islamic group 4 - Maintain secrecy in work-related issues 5- Physically healthy ( except in administrative work ) 6- The candidate should not be in question when it comes to religion , integrity or his morality 7- Reciting the pledge of AL-QAEDA .
Just should n't be allowed to to even even live uh about the issue about sentencing by the judge .
And while this claim has not yet been substantiated by IAEA inspectors , proponents argue that Iran has violated the NPT and that the country 's nuclear file should , in turn , be referred to the United Nations Security Council ( UNSC ) for its review .
Second , if the key assumption is valid , Democrats should have lower attendance rates on roll-call votes than Republicans do to the extent that such votes reflect national policy making and that participating in such votes takes away from the time a legislator could otherwise devote to local benefit-seeking .
Second , if the key assumption is valid , Democrats should have lower attendance rates on roll-call votes than Republicans do to the extent that such votes reflect national policy making and that participating in such votes takes away from the time a legislator could otherwise devote to local benefit-seeking .
In this tradition the state is perceived as the vehicle by which the unity of the nation should be achieved in order to work for the common good .
`` The General Assembly should set aside money for a new state health lab , millions of doses of antiviral drugs and a fund to help meet basic needs after a disaster , a legislative panel recommended Thursday .
Program Letter 1995 -4 provided a general outline as to the issues and criteria that the state planning process should address .
And Japan , many people 's paradigm of how finance should serve industry , has recently had markets that did the best impersonation of a casino anywhere . 
` You should see his impersonation of Ray Bradbury , " Cecil added . 
You should see her doing her impersonation of him ; one of the funniest things I 've ever seen . " 
In general terms this diet is very high in fibre and should help everyone towards healthier bowels . 
He should do more to reduce tax rates on wealth and income , in recognition of the fact that those cuts yield higher , not lower , revenues .
Also , the visitors with high security clearance should be designated parking spots inside the location .
I know this revelation will keep you wondering why should I trust you with this informations I am about to reveal to you or if what I am saying is the truth especially with the high level of scam mails going around all over the internet , please I need you to trust and believe me if you can .
He should do more to reduce tax rates on wealth and income , in recognition of the fact that those cuts yield higher , not lower , revenues .
Second , if the key assumption is valid , Democrats should have lower attendance rates on roll-call votes than Republicans do to the extent that such votes reflect national policy making and that participating in such votes takes away from the time a legislator could otherwise devote to local benefit-seeking .
1- The lower part of the tower should serve as a shelter for the guards , when needed .
If parents are dissatisfied with a school , they should have the option of switching to another .
-- Most important of all , schools should have principals with a large measure of authority over the faculty , the curriculum , and all matters of student discipline .
The buses should have the following : 1- Light armor and rocket launchers 2- Wireless equipment to report dangerous activities 3- Writing materials to jot down suspicious activities or license plate numbers 4- Sand bags around the buses to protect them from gun fire
They should have telescopes in order to constantly control the areas around them .
4- They should have a protruding area to better control their surroundings .
The area patrol is different from the single patrol in that : 1- It has a vehicle equipped with a machine gun 2- It can use horses to canvass the area , but the patrol should be formed of 2 or 3 people at least
The location should have a fence with towers that is equipped with visual and aural equipment .
5- Cars parked inside the location should have their front facing the fence so they could be used quickly in case of emergency .
Because they just say there 's either no room in the system , you know , in the jails for them or , you know , it 's just that it seems like the automatic sentences - if - if a judge has leeway on what he 's going to , you know , sentence someone for between , you know , two months and uh fifty years and you know what 's his whim to decide it should be two months .
So to me if somebody has life , you know , beyond a reasonable doubt , they should - that should be it - you know , particularly for some of these really .
It almost should be the first twelve people that they - you know - that have on a list are the ones that are on the jury and that 's it .
I should not have thought you had a nerve in your body . "
I think he should also have some of my sister 's pictures " .
He decided home ownership for people with learning difficulties should be as much as part of the process of their lives in the community as any other . 
They say pet owners should recognise their responsibilities and stop abandoning their pets . 
Bond Street had been looked over and found wanting : the clothes not displayed as they should be , the new vendeuse lacking in charm .
It should also be noted that for the purposes of theft property may belong to more than one party . 
Deeply rooted in peasant culture was the belief that the land should belong to whoever worked it with his own hands . 
2- Under no circumstance a car , even that which belongs to the location should be permitted to park next to the fence .
I could n't decide if I should come home to Marin , because my house is on stilts .
Second , if the key assumption is valid , Democrats should have lower attendance rates on roll-call votes than Republicans do to the extent that such votes reflect national policy making and that participating in such votes takes away from the time a legislator could otherwise devote to local benefit-seeking .
Her greatest dread , however , was that the vicar might suggest that , together , he and Olivia should kneel in prayer . 
I do n't see why he should lie stinking in bed all day when I am up and about . 
It baffled her as to why she should feel a tingle in her veins just because Piers Morrison was lying only a few inches away from her . 
The arrangement of the room should be as efficient and convenient for several people moving about as for one person sitting reading . 
If the patient watches television , it should be positioned so that he is sitting straight to see it : he should not have to turn his head , or bend or crick his neck . 
The second helper should squat at the person 's knees and put one arm under the upper thighs and one under the calves of the legs . 
One helper ( the tallest ) should squat behind the person and raise their shoulders slightly . 
If this is an important problem to the parent , they should practise at home saying ` no " before they do it in public .
Similarly , the indiscriminate and thus unhelpful use of praise -- rather than more judicious and exact feedback -- may stem from a laudable concern that children should be encouraged and supported in their learning . 
Of course it is admirable that expectations are high and that women should be given greater autonomy ( and hope for more in the sexual area than their Victorian forebears ) . 
On the contrary , I think it admirable that a gentlewoman should think seriously of such matters . " 
The fact that it will rain tomorrow , for example , may mean that I should not go to London , even though the balance of reasons on the merits of my going ( i.e. all the reasons pro and con but the rain ) suggest that I should go . 
It should have been raining , thundering , hailing . 
This afternoon 's showers should clear up this evening to leave all areas with a dry night . 
Bright intervals are possible and apart from the chance of a light shower it should stay dry milder than of late with a top temperature of eleven celsius fifty two fahrenheit in a moderate south easterly wind . 
Lowell instituted a search for this unknown planet , confidently predicting exactly where it should be . 
He is still cautious about forecasting what will happen over the next two months , but reckons that Tie Rack 's low-priced , high value ranges should be just the thing to tempt recession-bashed Christmas shoppers . 
There is evidence that a seer had foretold that , should Henry die without an heir , the earl would assume the throne . 
The preliminary step to any change of educational practice as to how pupils are introduced to and learn about industry should involve direct experience and regular industrial updating for teachers .
On Tuesday , Izvestiya of Moscow noted an alarming new tendency in Russia : In the absence of effective enforcement of property rights , people simply grab what they think should be theirs .
Far from being the end of politics , defeat should mark the resumption of politics for the Labour movement ; or at any rate , political thought .
In any event we should be back long before the Kilcharran arrives . "
`` You should be more afraid of the living than the dead , '' said Maria Ularia , who sells sodas and snacks beside the cemetery and whose late cousin 's remains were mummified .
Mussels and oysters are usually canned in cotton seed oil which is very strong , so they should be well rinsed before use and , if necessary , tossed in a little olive oil to restore their flavour . 
The conclusion states that the BIE recommends that embalming of infectious cases should not take place , the guidelines are merely a service to members . 
It is advised that , if the gas should exceed the recommended maximum ( 2 ppm ) level , action is required immediately before any further embalming takes place . 
He felt they should be made to see Cabochon had misrepresented his brother . 
The courts continue to equivocate as to whether the traditional approach should be maintained . 
TOKYO --- A committee considering compensation to Asian women forced by Japanese troops into sexual slavery recommends that payments be made from a private fund , but equivocates on whether the government should contribute .
All of our Six summer camping sessions are booked to capacity ( and , truth be told , with maybe one our two extra returning campers squeezed in ) and we have a waiting list of 60 children who are hoping to come if a spot should open .
What American banks lack is credit-worthy borrowers in the right places -- an added reason why the rules that prevent America 's banks operating nationwide should be scrapped .
Radical changes in the disposal procedure , however , should prevent a repeat of the acrimony and trading of insults which surrounded the sale of 1,300 public sector homes in the rest of the Borders last year .
I think we should nip it in the bud . "
The first point in my manifesto for those with small gardens is is that when they go on a spree to a garden centre , they should quickly nip any delusions of grandeur in the bud .
` We should also allow dual citizenship in cases where a foreigner who wanted to become a German citizen would suffer disadvantages if he gave up his old citizenship . "
Relatives should be allowed to stay with the resident throughout this time so that they are not left alone .
Dorothea wondered why that should preclude her concern in the affairs of others .
Because they just say there 's either no room in the system , you know , in the jails for them or , you know , it 's just that it seems like the automatic sentences - if - if a judge has leeway on what he 's going to , you know , sentence someone for between , you know , two months and uh fifty years and you know what 's his whim to decide it should be two months .
Let's just say that my father talks a lot about queers and why they should be flung into prison and the key thrown away . " 
Writing to Rumsfeld on September 17 in a memo headlined `` Preventing More Events , `` he argued that if there was even a 10 percent chance that Saddam Hussein was behind the 9 / 11 attack , maximum priority should be placed on eliminating that threat .
Despite an initially hostile atmosphere , with demonstrations organized by the regime , the talks concluded on Nov. 13 with an agreement that representatives of the National Assembly should meet for direct talks with Aristide . 
But we should note that the process of deterring girls from science begins well before they enter secondary school . 
Dr. Prior felt that means of warming the room should be contrived so that the temperature at the commencement of the meal should not fall below 32° Fahrenheit . 
As a general rule , rugs employing bolder , more overtly geometric compositions should be judged by the same criteria as nomadic rugs , particularly if they are also dyed in a limited palette of austere or primary shades .
Seats and tables should be treated with preservative before the bad weather sets in , especially if you have nowhere to store them under cover .
If fruiting bodies are present , these should be treated with fungicide to prevent the spread of air-borne spores .
And , by zinc galvanizing all the bare metal , Audi is able to offer a 10 year guarantee against rusting , which should see you nicely into the next millennium .
This should be at the centre of the designer 's attention throughout the development of the unit -- indeed , starting with preliminary ideas of what options the program should present to the user and then refining and extending them , the program will develop in tune with the feedback received from the classroom .
The violet , the green , the red in my collection , they 're all underlined in beige -- neutrals are still the foundation and women who ca n't wear strong colours should n't even try . 
The law does not seek to prohibit all asymmetric trades ( trades where one party has more information than another ) ; nor should it .
He thought the firing of horses should be prohibited by Act of Parliament , and he condemned the practice of nicking horses ' tails .
The policy review concluded that the United States should seek `` improved implementation of the Agreed Framework , verifiable constraints on North Korea 's missile program , a ban on missile exports , and a less threatening North Korean conventional military posture . ''
-- Students should move up the educational ladder as their academic potential allows .
If the nature of the terrain does not allow it , then it should be on the other side of the road .
Just should n't be allowed to to even even live uh about the issue about sentencing by the judge .
By section 56 , Acme was permitted to transfer the software because there were no express terms in the licence agreement prohibiting this , but it should have transferred all copies of WORDY .
2- Under no circumstance a car , even that which belongs to the location should be permitted to park next to the fence .
The policy review concluded that the United States should seek `` improved implementation of the Agreed Framework , verifiable constraints on North Korea 's missile program , a ban on missile exports , and a less threatening North Korean conventional military posture . ''
It is blatant , undisguised opportunism by management , showing preference for what can be done , rather than what should be done .
It picks up all low-pitched noise , and so it should be used in quiet circumstances , on your own .
Some buses should be exposed and others should be camouflaged .
So to me if somebody has life , you know , beyond a reasonable doubt , they should - that should be it - you know , particularly for some of these really .
The area patrol is different from the single patrol in that : 1- It has a vehicle equipped with a machine gun 2- It can use horses to canvass the area , but the patrol should be formed of 2 or 3 people at least
Hess has protected them , although in theory they are people he should not even know .
4- Inside parking lot should be strictly designated to the location 's cars in order to protect them from sabotage .
The buses should have the following : 1- Light armor and rocket launchers 2- Wireless equipment to report dangerous activities 3- Writing materials to jot down suspicious activities or license plate numbers 4- Sand bags around the buses to protect them from gun fire
This kind of protection should be done without drawing attention so that people inside the location would feel at ease .
Nobody could doubt that the applications made by the applicant to the district judge were applications in a criminal cause , for their purpose was to determine the way in which the prosecution should proceed .
The Legalise Cannabis Campaign should be revived and not abandoned , until our goal is reached .
It is not surprising that there should seem intolerable tension between the goals of the 1950s and those now in the front of people 's minds .
Thus the simple but overall goal is that children should grow up properly equipped for adult life .
The aim is for the parents to fill them in as accurately as possible , so they should be simple to fill in and placed in an easily accessible place in the home .
The final objective is to extinguish the fire , and this should occur within eight to ten minutes of ignition .
Requirements of joining AL QAEDA : 1 - Abiding by AL QAEDA rules , its beliefs and objectives as previously mentioned 2 - Obedience to the leaders in charge as much as possible , without disobeying Islamic rules 3 - No connection between AL QAEDA membership and any other Islamic group 4 - Maintain secrecy in work-related issues 5- Physically healthy ( except in administrative work ) 6- The candidate should not be in question when it comes to religion , integrity or his morality 7- Reciting the pledge of AL-QAEDA .
As the main object is to obtain a smooth hover , the actual idle-up controls should be set to give as nearly as possible a constant engine speed .
Mr Lamont has stuck to his public spending target of £244.5 billion but he should have increased that .
Ice-axe loops and straps should be incorporated on sacks intended for use in snow and ice .
4- Inside parking lot should be strictly designated to the location 's cars in order to protect them from sabotage .
They should have telescopes in order to constantly control the areas around them .
These patrols comb the greater area surrounding the location periodically ; anywhere between 3 and four times a week The patrol should be lead by a security officer in order to take immediate actions if the need arises .
40 In order to interest other stakeholders , such as policymakers and health care providers , additional databases should be used to assess other
To make incineration more economical , a tax should be imposed on each load of rubbish sent to a landfill site . 
` It is manifestly unjust that a privileged few should continue to accumulate excess goods , squandering available resources while masses of people are living in conditions of misery . 
Wherever possible , mentally handicapped children should attend normal schools , and thousands of mildly handicapped children do so . 
`` The General Assembly should set aside money for a new state health lab , millions of doses of antiviral drugs and a fund to help meet basic needs after a disaster , a legislative panel recommended Thursday .
`` The General Assembly should set aside money for a new state health lab , millions of doses of antiviral drugs and a fund to help meet basic needs after a disaster , a legislative panel recommended Thursday .
The traditional line item approach to budgeting , is , in this respect , expedient since it can easily accommodate a myriad of views as to what the objectives should be . 
Yet the number of spin networks in ring N + is larger than the number of spin networks in ring N. Statistically , there are more ways to advance into ring N + than to retreat from ring N into ring N - . Other things equal , amplitude should tend to propagate outward from the gamma - tetrahedron .
One should recall that the TCR mice express a CD4-restricted TCR , and thus produce increased numbers of anti-Tag CD4 T cells , and thus we anticipated a bias in numbers toward this T cell type .
Maps : The Schneider map of the Kathmandu Valley is invaluable ; outside the valley , the Nelles map of Nepal should be taken with a pinch of salt . 
-- Most important of all , schools should have principals with a large measure of authority over the faculty , the curriculum , and all matters of student discipline .
As the plant requires a fair amount of humidity the cover-glass should be placed on the tank at least 4ins ( 10cms ) above the water-level . 
Athletes in combat sports should take large amounts of vitamin C to help combat bruising and soreness . 
It is likely that these perceptions of health reflect expectations that a high degree of ill health and discomfort should be accepted in old age . 
But the book 's publishers should be warned : if searches for extraterrestrial intelligence ever pay off , then stand by for an avalanche of orders from interested parties . 
I feel I should look about and see streams of groups being angry and hateful -- but it 's just not happening at all . " 
In a speech in Johannesburg on Feb. 8 , he warned that the ANC would organize a wave of " mass action " , aimed at making investment impossible , should the EC or the USA lift sanctions . 
We have a raft of problems with which to deal and the Secretary of State should understand some of them by now . 
Requirements of joining AL QAEDA : 1 - Abiding by AL QAEDA rules , its beliefs and objectives as previously mentioned 2 - Obedience to the leaders in charge as much as possible , without disobeying Islamic rules 3 - No connection between AL QAEDA membership and any other Islamic group 4 - Maintain secrecy in work-related issues 5- Physically healthy ( except in administrative work ) 6- The candidate should not be in question when it comes to religion , integrity or his morality 7- Reciting the pledge of AL-QAEDA .
6- All parking regulations of the location should be followed strictly followed .
The security team should : A : Publish a periodic bulletin and distribute to all residents , advising them how to safely store gaz and logs B : Keep the firefighters alert at all times C : Report any thing that might be a fire hazard D : Warn against the safety of children 's toys E : Urge everyone to take precautions and guard their homes tightly
Because they just say there 's either no room in the system , you know , in the jails for them or , you know , it 's just that it seems like the automatic sentences - if - if a judge has leeway on what he 's going to , you know , sentence someone for between , you know , two months and uh fifty years and you know what 's his whim to decide it should be two months .
`` The General Assembly should set aside money for a new state health lab , millions of doses of antiviral drugs and a fund to help meet basic needs after a disaster , a legislative panel recommended Thursday .
Even if these findings are not confirmed after further study , one could still make a compelling argument that lipid-lowering therapy ( barring contraindications ) should be initiated early and universally in patients who present with an acute coronary syndrome : First , the long-term safety and effectiveness of statins for the secondary prevention of stable coronary disease is well-established [ 1 2 3 ] ; Second , as evidenced by MIRACL , these agents are safe when initiated at the time of hospitalization for an acute coronary syndrome ; Third , the in-hospital initiation of lipid-lowering therapy appears to promote greater long-term utilization of these agents [ 18 19 20 21 ] . Finally , although lipid levels may be unreliable in the setting of an acute coronary syndrome ( excepting total : HDL and LDL:HDL cholesterol ratios [ 22 ] ) the overwhelming majority of patients with coronary disease will ultimately require both pharmacologic and non-pharmacologic lipid-lowering interventions to attain recommended cholesterol targets [ 23 24 25 ] ; newer guidelines are even more stringent [ 26 ] . Furthermore , data from the recently presented Heart Protection Study suggest that clinical benefits may accrue independent of baseline cholesterol level [ 4 ] . Thus , to withhold lipid-lowering therapy from patients who present with an acute coronary syndrome would be to accept the status quo , and to date our efforts at cholesterol lowering in the secondary prevention setting have been dismal [ 27 28 ] .
I know this revelation will keep you wondering why should I trust you with this informations I am about to reveal to you or if what I am saying is the truth especially with the high level of scam mails going around all over the internet , please I need you to trust and believe me if you can .
Excess debris should be removed because it will use up large amounts of oxygen as it decomposes .
However , it is generally agreed that we should cut down on fat and ear more foods containing complex carbohydrates ( starch and fibre-rich foods ) and include lots of fresh vegetables , fruit and a sensible amount of protein .
They argued amicably over who should pay . 
Whereas they eventually came to some agreement over the various ` courses " , they argued vehemently over Elisabeth 's insistence that the recital should both begin and close with Strauss 's Morgen . 
I mean you nothing but good , why should we quarrel ? 
While Famagusta stood out , the emir should want no altercations with Zacco . 
The original American legislation was only for women , and they made in fact some very erm convoluted and not very satisfactory arguments about why they should only do it for women . 
Even when common goals have been established , conflict may be generated during the planning process because of disagreement about the way in which these goals should be achieved . 
It was he who after a particularly violent disagreement , suggested that Joan should be invited to pay them another visit -- though he referred to her as the lady Anne , as had been agreed . 
It 's no secret that we had disagreements with the British and the French on how we should best approach the issue of Bosnia . 
What I should have said was that there was no serious dispute among professionals of quality who had any discernment in such matters . 
The dispute over who should pay for running costs has meant that not one of the 750 long-term units planned in London has been built. 
2- Disputes related to AL-QAEDA missions between member brethren should be judged by qualified personnel , which is carried out by the immediate commander ( Amir ) of the conflicting parties .
The fact that they had not fought about it should have announced their despair . 
While allied airmen risk their lives in the Arabian desert , politicians in Bonn squabble over whether Germany is bound by treaty to aid Turkey , a NATO partner , should it be attacked by Iraq . 
It is , however , pro-Scottish and when the Labour Party has a tiff with its Unionist bed-fellows in the Tory Party it should not expect the SNP 's automatic support . 
If they really wanted to find a motive for the murder , they should grill Mrs Sweet . 
We should be delighted , here at headquarters , to answer queries regarding levels of membership ( which vary according to experience ) and the charges for membership . 
Employers should n't ask you questions about childcare but chances are , they will . 
What I said to the Prime Minister was that he should answer that part of the question to him that was in order . 
Should you have questions or if I can be of assistance in any way , please call me : 317.923.1331 , ext. 248 .
The only exception was the questioning about which area should be avoided in reselling the goods . 
She recalled that in the first Camp David session chaired by the President , Rumsfeld asked what the administration should do about Iraq .
No one ever asks whether a white actor , as a white actor , should have played a given role .
Over the years , pro-choicers have continued to invoke medical expertise , particularly by rigging polls to ask whether `` a woman and her doctor '' ( as opposed to a woman alone ) should be entrusted with the abortion decision .
According to the constitution , Mr Havel should be elected by December 24 -- within two weeks of the resignation of President Husak . 
Should I lay them on the doorstep and vamoose before she responded to the bell ? 
He suggested again that they should retreat inside before they got wetter . 
Such cries should not cause feminist liturgists to retreat in fear . 
When under attack -- as Protestants should know so well -- a beleaguered community tends to retreat towards a harder line . 
PEOPLE emigrating down under should take lessons -- in Aussie swear words , says a Sydney language professor . 
He gave a shriek that should have woken the village ghosts , and bolted down the road , shivering puddles into glittering clouds around him . 
Then , instead of working close in , the cleaner should be positioned well back just within the maximum range of the jet and roughly on the centre line of the equipment to be cleaned .
This should not be interpreted as lack of real feeling or a sign that the end of her grieving is in sight .
She is in the most active of the four levels available , but should the need arise , she can move on to assisted living facilities within the same complex .
This belief in the capacity of intelligence tests to measure the entire child population was echoed by the rarer suggestion that educational psychologists should play a greater part in the allocation process .
Following the seizure of the Russian section of partitioned Poland in 1916 and the creation by the Germans of a new ` Polish state '' based on the old Congress Kingdom of Poland , it was suggested that the entire Polish population of Prussia and Silesia should be expelled into this new satellite state , and that Germany should then repopulate its borders with colonists from the western districts , with recalled settlers from Russia , the Ukraine , Hungary and Romania .
In January 1982 , Lord Hailsham repudiated the comment of a judge that a rape victim who hitch-hiked a lift was guilty of contributory negligence and that the rapist 's penalty should accordingly be reduced . 
A system developed through rapid prototyping , for example , should be evaluated with a model that takes prototyping into account .
Should children attempt to read in poor light ?
Anyone who wants to appreciate just how bizarre this situation is -- with students who ca n't add or subtract `` learning '' the conceptual basis of mathematical theory -- should read the article by Caleb Nelson ( himself a recent math major at Harvard ) in the November American Spectator .
This was one reason why feminists such as Griffin have argued that studies of girls should be done by women and they have often preferred the use of qualitative methods such as in-depth interviewing or ethnography .
The ward staff should discuss the reasons behind the introduction of the learning programme .
I will not rehearse again my reasons for believing that the European Parliament is incapable of filling this democratic void and that for the foreseeable future the elected legislature should remain in national hands .
Towards the end I argued we should remove a section to recover what dating evidence was available below it . 
The art trade has argued effectively against this provision and now the Commission and the Portuguese Presidency acknowledge that special arrangements should be applicable to sales by public auction . 
And while this claim has not yet been substantiated by IAEA inspectors , proponents argue that Iran has violated the NPT and that the country 's nuclear file should , in turn , be referred to the United Nations Security Council ( UNSC ) for its review .
Many felt that the SARFU should have fought the case , even with no hope of success , just to prove its determination to stamp out illegal drugs from the game . 
Where the time is crucial to the offence the prosecution should be in a position to be able to prove the actual times in that locality from observations , should they be so required . 
I tried to reason with her that he should know about the baby but she refused to call back or write to him . 
All the time I was reasoning with Maria Luisa I was thinking I should be reasoning with you , trying to win you back . 
But my argument is that that culture should not be accepted uncritically . 
Reiterating that ` there 's no such thing as ` race " " offers only the frail reassurance that there should n't be a problem .
You may find that older dogs are nervous under these circumstances , if they have never been on a train or bus before , and you should always try to reassure them with your tone of voice .
Tell the young mother whose child has just received fifteen thousand pounds after the diagnosis of leukaemia , that you should n't have filled the policy because the contexts where not standardised .
Similarly a late seventh-century law of Wessex provided that the king should receive a large part of the wergeld of any stranger ` who came across the frontier " .
With an effort he redirected his thoughts to the problem of what films the Palladium should show in the near future .
And the government should redirect its spending to infrastructure .
Tess could not see his face , and could not understand why the head-dairyman himself should call him sir . 
Moreover , I , for one , should like to know the source that pins down to California the expression so low he could sit on a cigarette paper and hand his feet over the edge : given no gloss , does this refer to low depressed , low degraded , or low abject ?
He should consider his victory a mandate to continue his growth-oriented economic reforms and not a demand that he move further left .
A relatively short route but one which climbs to a height of 2,654ft to the summit of Meall a'Bhuachaille and so should be treated as a serious hill walk . 
He should do more to reduce tax rates on wealth and income , in recognition of the fact that those cuts yield higher , not lower , revenues .
Since employees often complain about receiving belated information particular management attention should be given to correct timing . 
Kapellan ( 5.22 ) , overdue for a win , should be worth waiting for in the last race at Hove today . 
Translated into disciplinary terms , the study of international economic geography should precede social geography and town planning . 
Care must be taken to ensure that the animals are dead prior to disposal and it should be noted that mice 1 -- 8 days old take longer to die than adults . 
Service to your customers should be reliable , attractive and punctual , at acceptable fares and charges ; and the cost to the taxpayer should be reduced " ( reprinted in MMC 1987 : 257 ) . 
`` The General Assembly should set aside money for a new state health lab , millions of doses of antiviral drugs and a fund to help meet basic needs after a disaster , a legislative panel recommended Thursday .
-- Students should move up the educational ladder as their academic potential allows .
victims of aggression , no matter how brutal , should not count on their help .
In this connection an external auditor will wish to consider what reliance should be placed on an internal audit .
Each small basin forming the cascade should be so constructed that , when the water is switched off , a small quantity remains in each .
It is easy to forget exactly how much allowance should be made for the wind and other factors on a rough day . 
We should not forget that the experience of ageing may well be different for men and women . 
“ Easy , Michael Holly … you should not forget who you are . 
As long as we 're talking about corruption and exploitation , we should not forget that the wickedest gambling sharpies do n't live in Las Vegas but in the state capitals , where the lotteries are headquartered .
If the parliamentary committee wishes to see Britain 's racing transformed , it should forget about tampering with the levy rate . 
It 's about tonight -- I should have mentioned it earlier but forgot . 
The monarchy should be abolished and the land of the aristocracy confiscated to pay for putting England back on its feet . 
If the potato is green throughout it should be discarded . 
Even so , these cautionary comments should not dislodge us from the main point . 
Great care should be taken before attempting to drain the water out of this type of system -- the boiler must be let out first . 
Despite a failure of the airbag system that should have damped-out much of the impact of White 's capsule , White survived the ejection , suffering terrible injuries to his arm in the clamshell mechanism . 
Workstation back-ups by portable tape drive will be possible from late 1992 , and this should eliminate the need for large numbers of floppies to be kept for hard-disk back-ups . 
Should we suppose that Ulpian has adopted the broad use of the verb legare , and therefore eliminate the difficulty by translating merely ` left " ( instead of ` left a legacy " ) ? 
Dieters often feel that high-fat , high-sugar foods are so bad that they should be totally eliminated from a healthy eating plan . 
Fourth , the relief and elimination of poverty rather than the pursuit of economic equality should be a Christian concern . 
There fungal decay is found , this expert should specify the cause and suggest measures for its elimination . 
He emptied the rest of the wine into their glasses and wondered if he should order another . 
After several more paragraphs stating that any Yugoslavs " who can not be disposed of " on these conditions should be retained until arrangements can be made for their evacuation to Italy , an additional " NOTE " refers back to para ( i ) : " There was considerable discussion upon the interpretation of the term " use of force " . 
First , unnecessary detail should be excised , leaving member countries to negotiate implementation of the charter 's broad principles at a later stage . 
At the same time Twin Books has retracted its assertion that the Collins Angus & Robertson trademark Blinky Bill should be expunged from the Australian register of trademarks . 
But , in practice , there should be a long term programme of washing coal , extracting the sulphur from carbon , extracting flue gases , and building fluidised beds . 
Special ad hoc arrangements should then be made to compensate those partners whose age has prevented them from extracting the maximum benefit from the changes in fiscal legislation . 
These should instead be prised apart with your fingers . 
Why should they be so concerned with the statue 's removal when most other similar monuments erected during the height of the Cultural Revolution had already been demolished ? 
Schools should have a policy of removing obsolete material . 
The Supreme Soviet also resolved that the President , Boris Yeltsin , should remove from office ministers who were failing to carry out the decisions of the republic 's legislative bodies . 
It should be stressed that large wooden articles such as doors are usually far better stripped by removing them and dipping in a caustic tank . 
Second , if the key assumption is valid , Democrats should have lower attendance rates on roll-call votes than Republicans do to the extent that such votes reflect national policy making and that participating in such votes takes away from the time a legislator could otherwise devote to local benefit-seeking .
well you should of just ripped the whole thing out
Such people should be diagnosed by experts and given appropriate treatment which will prevent them from re-offending ; if necessary they can be detained to incapacitate them in the meantime .
Constitutionally , the President of the Assembly would assume the functions of the Croatian President should the latter be incapacitated .
Of the former he said : ` Disabled people should have or be able to lease their own car , with all the new horizons such freedom of movement will open up for them . " 
These were that one should be diligent in pursuing one 's religious calling ; that one should renounce material satisfaction ; and that one 's time should always be used constructively .
The Government have moved away from their view that everybody should pay the poll tax and are making some amends .
Two main conditions can be suggested , that governments should be removable by electoral decisions and that some alternative can be substituted by electoral decision .
A spade should be substituted for the heart on the car sticker .
Feminists have accused political sociologists of substituting their own views of what should be the case in the place of evidence .
The buses should have the following : 1- Light armor and rocket launchers 2- Wireless equipment to report dangerous activities 3- Writing materials to jot down suspicious activities or license plate numbers 4- Sand bags around the buses to protect them from gun fire
The security team should : A : Publish a periodic bulletin and distribute to all residents , advising them how to safely store gaz and logs B : Keep the firefighters alert at all times C : Report any thing that might be a fire hazard D : Warn against the safety of children 's toys E : Urge everyone to take precautions and guard their homes tightly
Was she going to ask that the ` Grace of Our Lord , Jesus Christ " should come down and settle upon me ? 
One of the parents involved in the Orkney case actually asked that the hearing should be held either that day or the next , to comply with this section of the Act . 
You should always ask for a certificate of guarantee when you buy gold or jewelry .
He begged that a citizen army should be formed , declaring , ` an untrained man with a rifle would be useless in modern warfare " . 
I begged not to go to school the next day , but Mama said that I was over my cold and that I would be safer at school in case her trick should fail . 
And he besought his mother that she would love her even as she loved him himself , and that she would do good to her and show her great honour , for which he should ever serve her with the better good will . 
On the command of ` 1-2-3 lift " , both helpers should stand up and carry the person to a chair or bed . 
The centurion … commanded that they which could swim should cast themselves first into the sea and get to land . 
Ball argues that the main engine in the shaping of higher education should be informed student demand , not manpower planning . 
He should consider his victory a mandate to continue his growth-oriented economic reforms and not a demand that he move further left .
VIOLENT criminals should be paraded on television in a modern-day version of the stocks , Phil Gallie , the Conservative MP for Ayr , demanded yesterday . 
Having established that principle , however , we should move on and demand greater flexibility in interpreting that commitment . 
When his parents demanded what she meant she said , ` I should think you would know only too well . " 
Hitler had apparently demanded that fifty hostages should be killed for every dead German soldier , and Himmler had wanted whole areas of Rome to be cleared and their inhabitants deported . 
Shouldst thou not cry aloud , and show them their transgressions ; and entreat and beseech them as for life and death ? ' " 
Areas of savings include less rework on the part of the construction contractor , fewer change orders to the owner for correction of design errors or omissions , and a lowering of the cost of belatedly adding project upgrade features that should have been addressed in the original design .
West said she feels a custody order should be allowed to stand for the full term of the PFA - up to 18 months - as it does in many other counties in the state .
He called in his estate manager , rebuked him , and angrily ordered that there should be a complete overhaul of the property of every de Chavigny tenant . 
It was reported that the judge specifically ordered that the girl should not be named . 
` Meredith , " he said quietly , his voice as soft as silk , ` your father ordered that his possessions should be burnt . 
` Should the queen-dowager again refuse my petition -- for the sake of the realm , it would be necessary to resolve the matter by having recourse to force , " he replied then . 
His justification for the necessary invasion of privacy is the familiar - and thoroughly respectable -- plea that politics should and must be personalised . 
John Major should plead with George Bush not too let the C I A start it 's own secret foreign policy deals . 
If Patterson struts his stuff he 'll request a rider from Airborne just before eleven , so if anything is coming through it should be before eleven-fifteen . " 
The World Bank had also requested that a greater proportion of the aid should be in the form of fast disbursing loans to aid the balance-of-payments stabilization , rather than project aid . 
And while she knew she should request to be put down , she was enjoying the feel of being held too much to utter the words . 
3- Request for vacation travel should be submitted two and a half months before the travel date .
] , who runs Robbie Vinson 's Night Line and refers to himself in the third person , is often very unpleasant indeed , and some of the conversations cited in the article ( especially one in which a caller was told that if he did n't like Britain he should get out ) smack strongly of his acerbic , dyspeptic , often rude manner .
TRAVELLERS who have invaded Downpatrick 's main car park should be barricaded in until they move , a councillor urged today . 
PARENTS who can not read and write should go back to school with their children , Princess Anne urged yesterday . 
Lord Brightman urged there should be specialised reception and support arrangements for vulnerable youngsters arriving alone in Britain . 
It was also urged that science should progress by the proposal of bold , highly falsifiable conjectures as attempts to solve problems , followed by ruthless attempts to falsify the new proposals . 
These seem to me considerations that should be taken with a seriousness at least equal to that for which the case in favour of the study of language has been urged . 
But he urged on me that it was the Prime Minister 's particular wish that I should do anything I could to prevent its publication . 
I urge upon him that he should not resign . 
Older people are delighted when organisations urge that pensions should be increased , so that pensioners might be ` first-class citizens " . 
In particular , will he urge that the Indonesians should immediately abandon the trial of the two East Timorese survivors and press for a full United Nations investigation ? 
Mr Mann also urged that people lighting their bonfire should check for pets like the family tortoise and hedgehogs which may have hibernated there . 
Rep . Tony Hall , D- Ohio , did not call for a lifting of sanctions imposed on Iraq for its 1990 invasion of Kuwait , but said the United Nations should make sure that sanctions do not hurt innocent Iraqis .
The sum of these probabilities should be 1.0 , meaning that the executive must do one of the four things mentioned . 
I saw the whirly bird and wondered ? should have come down straightaway but thought I 'd better get a fire going and some food moved in . "
But even as I was saying , " Help , save me from the dinosaur , " I was simultaneously thinking : How am I going to wrap up that column today , the kicker I have stinks ; should I roast a chicken for dinner or not because it 's not worth it unless I go get the good chicken and that 's at a butcher store 20 minutes away , and if waste 40 minutes going to a butcher store , how many of those red shelves will I be able to paint today ; did I forget to give Zoe that permission slip she needed this morning ; is my skin starting to look old ; do I hear the dog throwing up a sock in the kitchen ; maybe I should just end the piece by referring back to the lead , but then I always do that so . . .
There should be new types of pavement design and extra research into the relative costs of concrete and bitumen roads .
A marketing research team should carry out its research within the following broad guidelines .
The Authority , in the longer term , should investigate the extent to which additional resources are needed for supervised ` extended study " by pupils and meet these vital needs 
At the ticket counter , Rabbi S. was told that he would n't make this flight and that he should book himself on another .
The umbilical cord should be crushed and torn , rather than cut , to prevent bleeding . 
He then retuned to France , his father insisting that he should reside abroad for two years . 
The security team should : A : Publish a periodic bulletin and distribute to all residents , advising them how to safely store gaz and logs B : Keep the firefighters alert at all times C : Report any thing that might be a fire hazard D : Warn against the safety of children 's toys E : Urge everyone to take precautions and guard their homes tightly
There was n't room for her to stay in the flat with the three other girls so they decided that Katrine should stay in Piazza Pitti in Debbie 's flat . 
We met the little boy who believes that all the inhabitants of an Arab village should be exterminated . 
Not only does the evidence point this way , but cells should live near the edge of chaos .
` Should Jamie and I camp along to the pub and keep watch ? 
If this decoy assault should fail to draw the English troops from the camp at Belmont , he knew the islanders could not match the outsiders ' firepower in open battle . 
The foresters attached the forest dwellers every year if their dogs were not lawed , although the Charter of the Forest had promised that this should be done only every three years . 
However campers should only stay for a night or two , be unobtrusive and sensitive to wildlife , and leave no litter . 
This problem should soon resolve itself as you adjust to the diet .
First , it is to assist people to resolve their disputes as easily as possible and , secondly , it should enable the making or declaring of law that applies in those disputes .
This problem should soon resolve itself as you adjust to the diet .
I knew that such contradictions could be resolved for Jean-Claude in his work , and I felt that he , like me , should not allow them to dominate life .
Also there should be an effective and widely respected authority which can solve disputes and give penalties in the case of infringement of mutually agreed codes of practice .
I should be glad to be able to say afterwards that I had solved it without your help . "
Decide whether a governor or group of governors forming a sub-committee should be appointed to assist the chairman in dealing with urgent pupil matters and to assume responsibility in special needs .
A partial , say two thirds , undergravel filtration with full filtration with full trickle filter facilities should be able to deal with any unexpected increase in load .
Feminist psychologists too are becoming more aware that they should be dealing with ` race " differences , not as biological or cultural categories , but as historical and social relations which affect all their work .
He said some of the cases should be dealt with soon so that the principles for deciding who should be granted asylum ` can emerge and be tested on appeal " .
I have dealt with them very promptly , as , indeed , a Home Secretary should .
By and large , however , we should try to ensure that waste is dealt with as close as possible to its source .
On TV. he had heard so-called experts pontificating on how to deal with terrorists in hostage situations -- how the hostages should try to establish a rapport with their captors .
I think you should try to get a table up there , or at least fix a leg on that one .
Supporters say Maliki should n't be held responsible for abuses by people within the ranks of the security forces .
. . they should have let him keep it .
There is of course no reason why individual lenders should not make insurance compulsory for their clients : its cost would have to be revealed to the customer , and it would have to be added into the calculated APR . 
The nature of such benefits should be disclosed . 
How should the bond be disclosed in the company 's accounts ? 
Sir Curtis Keeble , former BBC governor , said the disclosures about Mr Birt 's finances should be examined by the corporation 's board . 
Other exceptional items should be disclosed in the notes , except where disclosure in the profit and loss account is necessary to give a true and fair view . 
The purchaser will want the vendor to warrant that its disclosures are true and accurate and are not misleading and should reject any general disclosures . 
This was a police matter , and such information should only be divulged to the legal teams , and possibly to the families , she said . 
The directors determined that no AEs should be allowed to so transgress again , which led to a clause in the work contract forbidding employees at any stage to divulge trade secrets to the outside world . 
Should he decide to open the envelope it must be on the condition that he will never divulge its contents to any other living person . " 
Though I confess there is probably a story there that I should very much like to hear . " 
It is possible that Riculf 's confession should be seen in the context of the aftermath of the murder , and that its accuracy should be regarded with some suspicion .
` Sixty-seven years old , " she confides to Becky , shaking her head , ` and my sister Minna still forgets she should n't speak with her mouth full . "
Charity , I should have come clean on that right away .
When documents from the Conservative Cabinet 's Family Policy Group were leaked in 1983 , they revealed that the then Employment Secretary Norman Tebbit believed women should abandon waged work and return to their homes .
The Charter For The 1990s report leaked last week recommends that Radio 1 should distinguish itself from commercial stations by implementing new discussion and documentary programmes , and ape up-market Radio 3 with regular pop music concerts .
` In time , perhaps , these deaths will be avenged , but the Queen is insistent that we should meet the Scottish envoys . " 
` I think we should retaliate , " she said , a few minutes later , after skimming through public prayer and the letters page of The Times . 
Rep . Tony Hall , D- Ohio , did not call for a lifting of sanctions imposed on Iraq for its 1990 invasion of Kuwait , but said the United Nations should make sure that sanctions do not hurt innocent Iraqis .
The therapist should also reward any positive changes by expressing satisfaction and by indicating their potential long-term benefits . 
Parents often ask why they should reward a child for doing something he or she should be doing anyway . 
Such talent as Kim had should be harnessed , such men rewarded well , or destroyed , lest they destroy you . 
The inquiry recommended 10 officials should be disciplined . 
Should police officers be disciplined for using racialist language ? 
Is it right that liability for the second most heinous crime in English law , which carries a maximum penalty of life imprisonment , should be satisfied by this relatively low grade of fault ? 
Clause 2 recommends that the maximum penalty for assisting a prisoner to escape should be increased from five to 10 years ' imprisonment . 
CIVIL and criminal courts should have a new power to impose punitive damages awards on companies which demonstrate wanton or reckless disregard for human life , a lawyer said yesterday . 
He or she should not receive extra punishment for not being overjoyed at being told off . 
The Elton Committee recommended avoidance of the punishment of whole groups , and this is consistent with the view of a judge in one recent case , who said that ` Punishment should not be indiscriminate . 
My wife was flying from Tel -Aviv to London and who should be in front of us at the airport ?
6- If the location is in a highly dangerous zone , then two parallel fences should be built to be 3 meters apart .
The buses should have the following : 1- Light armor and rocket launchers 2- Wireless equipment to report dangerous activities 3- Writing materials to jot down suspicious activities or license plate numbers 4- Sand bags around the buses to protect them from gun fire
The security team should : A : Publish a periodic bulletin and distribute to all residents , advising them how to safely store gaz and logs B : Keep the firefighters alert at all times C : Report any thing that might be a fire hazard D : Warn against the safety of children 's toys E : Urge everyone to take precautions and guard their homes tightly
But our house of bishops has decided that we should adhere to the order traditional for us , of baptism , of confirmation , first communion , and our general synod has endorsed this decision . 
The church 's view , that marriages sanctioned by religious ritual should not be broken , is reflected in divorce laws . 
On Friday nights in Jewish households , the lady of the house performs the sacred ritual of lighting two candles and requesting through prayer that the presence of the Lord should bless the gathered family . 
My suggestion is that churches should institute the Sacrament of Feet Washing in its rightful and proper place . 
Gregory claims that it was the king who insisted that the consecration should be held at Metz , out of affection for the candidate , but this may be a euphemism for saying that consecration in Clermont was too dangerous . 
Passageways for cars and pedestrians should be designated 4- Road bumps : Six successive bumps should be constructed at 500 meters from the location .
If the nature of the terrain does not allow it , then it should be on the other side of the road .
5- The location should be away from airports and main highways .
It should be clear that what is being suggested here is not the creation of new precincts as islands in the traffic-orientated city , or indeed the forcing of new pedestrian underpasses through the existing road net . 
At the same time , however , I do not think that advocates of animal rights should be willing to sell their soul in order to build a bridge . 
It argues that the M25 and other major radial routes around the capital should become toll routes , and that a light railway track should be constructed alongside the motorway to ease congestion . 
Such a split should clarify the distribution of costs and make it easier for competing train services to run on the same track . 
A SFWP statement responded : ` Companies engaged in the robbery of our mineral and oil wealth should stop interfering with our democratic system in the hope of increasing their political influence " . 
PAMELA : Are you afraid I should confederate with him to commit a robbery upon my master ? 
There should be no necessity to remove the straw , as it should gradually decompose over the summer . 
The fact that the plaintiff chose to run the risk should not give rise to volenti , as knowledge of the risk is not sufficient .
` Why should investors risk money when they could obtain 20% returns from assured tenancy schemes with non-recourse loans and guaranteed by the bank ? " added Mr Taylor .
Failure is also an essential part of creativity for if one is working on the creative edge one should be constantly risking failure .
The database approach is long term and costly , and therefore top management should not risk its failure by sticking to outdated methods of applications development .
These patrols comb the greater area surrounding the location periodically ; anywhere between 3 and four times a week The patrol should be lead by a security officer in order to take immediate actions if the need arises .
Committees for four subject groups will sift the applications and suggest short lists to the Royal Society 's Council , which should make the final decisions in May or June . 
It is vital that these documents should be perused by any medical expert as well as you . 
The builder should be summoned to scrutinize the small growth on the pantry 's outer wall , and her husband had informed her that the bank had made another balls-up and requested her to deal with it . 
They should see to it that their kids do n't play truant ; they should make certain that the children spend enough time doing homework ; they should scrutinize the report card .
The new select committee system has strengthened parliamentary scrutiny over government departments : why should there not be a similar advance in relation to nationalized industries ? 
The dog should return within a few minutes , but if not , search in the direction where you last saw your pet . 
It should not restrict pupils from searching in other directions . 
However , this line of argument is hardly what radical analysts of the welfare state should want . 
Many alpinists reconnoitre their approach to a mountain on the afternoon before a climb , and this good practice should apply equally to the descent route . 
And while this claim has not yet been substantiated by IAEA inspectors , proponents argue that Iran has violated the NPT and that the country 's nuclear file should , in turn , be referred to the United Nations Security Council ( UNSC ) for its review .
" Yes , " he reported , after a short examination of the grass bed , " a number twelve shoe , I should say .
Any change in the boundaries of authority should be the result of conscious planning , and not surreptitious empire-building .
There was covert opposition to these measures from the older departmental heads , who displayed considerable ingenuity in discovering reasons why staff should not be released .
She wanted something to keep secret inside her ; something to balance the loneliness of life without him if one night he should n't come back .
3- Secret gates should be built 50 meters apart to be used for emergency only .
The tenders should be totally confidential and a closing time and date stated .
I have marked this letter confidential , since I should prefer the proposals re my Will to remain confidential at this particular time .
The speaker of the Iranian parliament publicly stated in 1988 that `` ... we should fully equip ourselves in defensive and offensive use of chemical , bacteriological , and radiological weapons . ''
Of course , neither should we forget the shadowy Priory of Sion , the organisation that Lincoln spent much time on in his excellent bestseller The Holy Blood and the Holy Grail .
I should also mention the young Schumann , but then I have immediately to qualify : in his Symphonic Etudes , he consciously seeks an orchestral sonority .
In response to a petition by Knesset member Avraham Poraz , the court found that Sharon should have sought approval for the construction programme from the Knesset .
The policy review concluded that the United States should seek `` improved implementation of the Agreed Framework , verifiable constraints on North Korea 's missile program , a ban on missile exports , and a less threatening North Korean conventional military posture . ''
No one suggests he should be left to the mercy of mad killers , but if he 's really on the run he should be sheltering in some safe house , not bopping around town . 
But why should the descendants of Eusthenopteron have troubled to clamber about laboriously on the land ? 
You should also see a newsagent on your left , so anticipate a man crossing the road with his nose in a newspaper and children darting across with ice-creams or sweeties . " 
She sulked all the way to the theatre , darting up the corridor to the prop-room in case Rose Lipman should spot her . 
Mary Mackie , 64 , of Walton-le-Dale , Lancs , said : ` It 's not right she should be flouncing around with her fancy man . " 
He never looked at her and she had the feeling that she should be hopping about from one foot to the next , ready to beg . 
We should n't hurry away . " 
Her second was a slight feeling of surprise that , if he was ` out on a jaunt " , he should have been able to order flowers from the Rose Bowl . 
As the four-man squad loped , half-crouching , along the space station 's strangely-twisting corridors , Ace and Daak were squabbling about which of them should guard the other 's back . 
During the last half hour or so she had been pacing the room like a caged animal , insisting that the door should be kept ajar and the window opened wide . 
She should n't be let roam the hills alone . " 
They should have rushed back here , started up the engines and dashed out to sea , and we 'd have sent a police launch or the local equivalent of the Customs and Excise after them . " 
The book should have been in Tollemarche 's only bookstore for several weeks ; however , when Hank casually sauntered in and asked for a copy , old Mr Pascall said it had not arrived . 
Fortunately the protection is perfect , so if you do scoot off your flight should be a short one . 
Should United beat Forest and then go on to win the championship , the UEFA Cup place will go to the team finishing third in the First Division , sparking off a League scramble between Manchester City , Sheffield Wednesday , Liverpool and Arsenal . 
When Eric Cantona , having completed his first full 90 minutes , embraced Mark Hughes at the end of this significant victory , it was apt that McClair should quietly shuffle down the tunnel . 
The yellow-jacketed policeman shuffled uneasily from foot to foot , uncertain of what they should be doing now . 
Raskolnikov 's first thought on slinking down the lodging-house stairs is one of surprise at himself that he should be ` simultaneously " in terror of his landlady and planning a murder . 
" Perhaps I should have let that precious mother of yours catch you sneaking back into the house . " 
Above all we should resist it because it is really intended to allow legalised Euthanasia to sneak in by the kitchen window having been refused entry at the front door . 
No foe should ever sneak up on an exhausted Marine slumbering during prolonged combat . 
` You think I should keep two establishments and sneak furtively from one to the other like some sort of guilty adulterous cad ? " 
People should remember that you need attention too , and not ignore you and sneak away from you , People who sneak away from you can not really be your friends in the first place . 
I sprang out , they tried to drag me back , and had it not been for the help of this good man , who led me to the cab , I should never had broken away .
On most boards the footstraps can be fitted when you improve so on no account should they be on the board when you learn as they can get in your way as you step around the board . 
I felt , by doing that , I had effectively stepped back in time and discovered the one thing that should have been thought of before we even harnessed electricity . 
That the country would be lifted from recession should Neil Kinnock step aside in my favour counts for nothing . 
The masked figure stepped ponderously off the dais , sat down at the baize-covered table and indicated with a gloved hand that I should join him . 
` Is there any reason that I should not take an early stroll on the beaches like Mr Dickens himself ? " 
Watt , out for a sabbath stroll past the Golf-House on Glasgow Green when he should have been in church , had a flash of inspiration that was to change the lives of every man , woman , and bairn on planet earth . 
Maybe I should stroll out the front door and take a walk . 
Did she wade straight in with a blunt announcement or should she try to approach the subject from a more oblique angle which might encourage him to guess ? 
But if you are n't prepared to wade through acres of news and advertising print , your financial adviser should be able to pick out a few plans that suit your needs . 
The walk from Thun to Heiligenschwendi should require about 1 hour 40 minutes . 
Magistrates at Bootle decided that the dog should be released from RSPCA kennels and returned to her owners in Lydiate , Merseyside , despite the fact that she had been found wandering outside her home without a muzzle . 
Do you really think the wife of a man like Julius should slop around all the time in old jeans and dirty sweatshirts ? "
There seemed to be nothing to find , and he 'd ventured beyond the edge of moonlight before he realized that it should not be there at all .
The original estimate should be forwarded by the Policyholder . 
To obtain details of one or more courses and an application form , the tear-off slip at the end of this brochure should be completed and forwarded to the University . 
More shipments of gas and cooking fuel should be arriving soon , he said .
The fruit should be round and fat , as ripe apricots and muscatels licked with cream , and the fragrance of spring flowers should waft from the glass . 
When your voice is ` forward " , this should make the lips vibrate and cause a tingling sensation . 
Especially in accounts of how one sibling became the main carer for a parent , there is a sense of people guarding their own position , lest too much should be expected of them . 
The 14-hour flight took me from Monday morning in Sydney to Monday morning , again , in L.A. Crossing the date line messed up my sense of time enough without the added bonus of thinking I should be heading to bed just as the sun began to climb into the California sky .
Your writing has the power to evoke strong visual images in the mind 's eye and for that very reason I feel you should show restraint when reviewing a film early in its release .
Because they just say there 's either no room in the system , you know , in the jails for them or , you know , it 's just that it seems like the automatic sentences - if - if a judge has leeway on what he 's going to , you know , sentence someone for between , you know , two months and uh fifty years and you know what 's his whim to decide it should be two months .
Just should n't be allowed to to even even live uh about the issue about sentencing by the judge .
Um , but I think if we quit , uh , building these Taj Mahals with the color TVs and sixty dollars sixty thousand a year to keep an inmate in there - on a - on a - on a life sentence , we should start hanging them and get it over with and let 's just screwing up the system uh .
Because they just say there 's either no room in the system , you know , in the jails for them or , you know , it 's just that it seems like the automatic sentences - if - if a judge has leeway on what he 's going to , you know , sentence someone for between , you know , two months and uh fifty years and you know what 's his whim to decide it should be two months .
European interference in the Levant had been evident since the 1840s when representatives of the European powers proposed to the Turks that Lebanon should be partitioned between Christians and Druze . 
Individuals should be restricted and segregated from the general community as little as possible . 
Charman felt it should be split four ways between each band member , but Gedge thought he should have most of it because he had actually written the songs . 
The old Soviet armed forces should be split up between the new states , not consolidated under the flag of St Andrew . 
In the simplest case of one phase , a repetitive sequence of layers should form on the floor of the chamber .
Four of the members appointed to this committee or committees should be a member who also serves on each of the following additional committees : Armed Services , Judiciary , Foreign Affairs , and the Defense Appropriations subcommittee .
Mr Mann also urged that people lighting their bonfire should check for pets like the family tortoise and hedgehogs which may have hibernated there .
Officers who are unfortunately set alight by petrol bombs should not run down the road screaming , but should lay down with dignity and await their turn to be put out .
A strip of felt should be placed beneath the bottom or sole piece and the floor . 
She had been so engrossed in Martha 's life that it had not even crossed her mind that she ( Maxine ) should be frightened of that great expanse of water . 
This should sit on top of the glass and support the outer frame which is made from inverted lengths of skirting board ( available at DIY stores ) cut to size . 
With abrasives ( cream cleaners ) a small circular motion should be employed using a nearly dry cloth folded as described earlier .
The sides and floor of the excavation should also be checked for the presence of any sharp stones or roots which , if found , should be removed .
` Perhaps I 'm being obtuse , but why should our visit to Nice suggest we were shopping for drugs ?
That Navarro Rubio should stand up to Franco in this way was indicative of how power relations within the regime had changed since the Civil War . 
Around her the congregation rustled to its feet , indicating that she should go up to the communion rail first , as was fitting , as was customary . 
The directors ' report should be approved by the board of directors and signed on behalf of the board by a director or the secretary of the company .
This similarity of format should allow these units to have common currency in the credit accumulation system -- the National Record of Vocational Achievement , which both bodies operate .
The area patrol is different from the single patrol in that : 1- It has a vehicle equipped with a machine gun 2- It can use horses to canvass the area , but the patrol should be formed of 2 or 3 people at least
Opinions differ as to when this wine should be drunk .
How should , and how do , managerial " emoluments " differ between public liability companies , regulated companies and publicly owned companies ?
It is easy to assume that any significant , gender-linked difference should be attributed to the general operation of gender roles .
A concern that most rational people should have is how to equitably distribute the great wealth of this country .
The first meal of the day should be substantial , otherwise you 're likely to feel hungry later .
No foe should ever sneak up on an exhausted Marine slumbering during prolonged combat . 
` As the boat you were using for your ridiculous smuggling attempt belongs to me I should have thought it was obvious . " 
Grubby white sports socks should first be soaked in a biological detergent solution or with Stain Devils Stainsalts added to the washing water . 
The ideal broodmare should like people , be tolerant of all manner of handling , and be sociable with other horses . 
I should have been as timid as the girl herself , if she had looked at me ! 
STAND by your bunks , or should that be hammocks , for Battle of the Atlantic 50th anniversary celebrations . 
I therefore offered Gail Rebuck my resignation on 17th March , and she finally accepted it on 19th March , asking that it should be kept confidential until 24th March , after the London Book Fair was over . 
Tall tales and toasts , strawberries and syllabub , singing and dancing , should all be part of a village wedding : Philippa Davenport plans the perfect marriage feast 
Hari felt guilt sear her , she should be more considerate of her mother and yet the work must be done or there would be no money . 
It was hardly the kind of place that a girl should arrange to meet her own father , unless she had a cruel streak or a deeply insensitive nature , or both . 
Why should n't the dirty and degenerate suffer at least some of the consequences of their thoughtless self-indulgence and needless promiscuity ? 
People bought her lunch and rang her up and sent her birthday cards ; it seemed a particularly cruel joke that one of the few people who really did dislike her should be married to her . 
That seemed cruel beyond belief , he should have been there instead of Hodge . 
How rude of me , I should have offered you some tea or coffee . " 
It would be churlish if I or anyone else were to say that the area should not receive whatever funds are needed to redevelop it . 
Their meeting will probably be nothing more than a courteous request from your boyfriend for your parents ' blessing and approval and it should get their relationship off to a good start ! 
What displaced it was a sense of outrage that a man as kindly and compassionate as Edwin Frere should find himself shackled to a vixen . 
I did not know what to do or where to go , so I approached a very nice policeman , told him I was from the country and asked which gate I should use . 
I should perhaps add , " the Israeli finished , his tone dry but somewhat less unfriendly , ` that Max once told me he invariably addressed the Lord in Hebrew , the language of the Torah . 
The ideal broodmare should like people , be tolerant of all manner of handling , and be sociable with other horses . 
Chris Davis , the paper 's assistant editor , said last night : ` It is Mr Rupert Murdoch who feels we should make this handsome and gracious gesture . 
If his successor at British Coal were appointed from within the corporation he considers that it would be impertinent to tell him how the job should be done . 
If a patient complains of any of these problems the nurse should make a careful assessment of the situation by asking tactful questions . 
You should be polite , tactful and helpful whenever possible . 
` It would be barbaric to insist that condoms should not be given out . 
He frowned when reporting this and said it was not good that she should be so hard . 
The area patrol is different from the single patrol in that : 1- It has a vehicle equipped with a machine gun 2- It can use horses to canvass the area , but the patrol should be formed of 2 or 3 people at least
You should try to find out where the dog lives and report the incident to the police .
I suppose the choir at Beverley should be thankful he did not think of performing the nine lessons and carols up there on top of the tower .
Terracotta pots should be propped up on small blocks to aid drainage and prevent ants infesting the compost .
I could n't decide if I should come home to Marin , because my house is on stilts .
Which means that he should soon be back on the road .
They should wear gloves and soft shoes , avoid physical contact and use whistles to express their fervour .
Then even if you and the dog lose visual contact , the dog should hear the sound and return to you . <ptr t=CJECA038>
From now onwards I do not wish to be lectured about smoking , drinking , the environment or what architecture I should admire . 
It may seem rather surprising to some that the Principal of Trinity College should be giving a lecture on fundamentalism and subjecting it to some criticism . 
` Hmmm , " I muse aloud , ` should I go to the lecture on Binding Spells and How to Break Them , or try the Apparition Graphics Workshop in Hall Number One ? " 
Before the right hon. Gentleman starts to give lectures on borrowing , he should get his facts right . 
On TV. he had heard so-called experts pontificating on how to deal with terrorists in hostage situations -- how the hostages should try to establish a rapport with their captors .
We are very prone to pontificate about what teachers should think about but we do not really know what they do think about : we formulate issues on their behalf .
, and is your argument that we find and hold against their retrospective because there is some , at least plausible basis should so argument , to say that there can be a causal connection between the retrospective extension and some benefit that can be traced to those particular works through the retrospective extension , like dissemination ?
>All the above reflects my personal belief that this particular >BOF-cum-WG >should stretch to maintain the status of `` Caesar 's wife ; '' and also >reflects >my concern at the questions being raised by others last week .
Technology in itself is n't driving us in any particular direction—I believe that we decide where it should go .
The distance between the first and fourth bump should be 100 meters , and the distance between the fourth and the sixth should be 50 meters , so cars can not travel fast in the direction of the building 5- Barbed Wires : They should be placed around the building , around the walls , or on top of the walls 6- Nails Obstacle : These are placed at the main gate in order to puncture the tires of any car crashing in
3- The Kiosk should be designed to stand all weather conditions , and provide a full coverage of the area it is placed at .
` Babies should be wanted and planned , " added Father Laverty . 
Many Nigerians seem to regard such allegations with amusement , dismissing them as part of the party political game which should not be taken too seriously . 
THREE weeks ago , I suggested National Westminster Bank should hurry up in naming a successor to chief executive Tom Frost , whose credibility has been damaged by allegations relating to the Blue Arrow affair . 
The report alleged that many scientists , engineers and other specialists were not given the opportunities they should have and too few civil servants were skilled in the techniques of modern management . 
At 9:39 , the FAA 's Cleveland Air Route Traffic Control Center overheard a second announcement indicating that there was a bomb on board , that the plane was returning to the airport , and that they should remain seated .
` I am not attempting to unravel their lives through the medium of art , " asserts Tessa Waite , wary of the view that artists should not work with patients unless they are trained . 
Secondly , you assert Sinead does not have ` courage and integrity " and then follow this up with an argument that these nouns should be reserved for Mother Theresa and fellow carers . 
The repeated assertions in the New Testament that ` wives should obey their husbands " and that women will be saved by childbearing , reflect the war of familial , patriarchal Christianity against egalitarian , celibate Christianity . 
Turner agrees with Chris Bennetts ' assertion in the book that the decision to have an HIV test should be the child 's , but stresses that the child should be counselled . 
Before being charged with being a common prostitute , loitering or soliciting etc. the police should first caution the woman on two occasions for loitering or soliciting etc . 
They should therefore caution us against being overly dogmatic . 
Galileo defended his claim about the visibility of Jupiter's moons by arguing that if the moons were aberrations, then moons should appear near the other planets also. 
And while this claim has not yet been substantiated by IAEA inspectors , proponents argue that Iran has violated the NPT and that the country 's nuclear file should , in turn , be referred to the United Nations Security Council ( UNSC ) for its review .
One bit of the letter I did n't like was the comment about strengthening the 1979 Act which , more properly should be abolished altogether . 
Seldom has a team been so fired up prior to a major match , due largely to the pompous comments of Tipperary manager Babs Keating , who should have known better . 
It is not suggested that the teacher should keep up a non-stop commentary or continually repeat the children 's answers and comments for the benefit of the rest of the group . 
All comments regarding the Medau News should be sent to Adrienne Ring or Hilda in the Office . 
If necessary you should add any comments regarding the running of the procedure in the space provided on the NEWOED1 form . 
I should , however , be grateful if you would advise me as early as possible if you have any comments regarding the proposals . 
All co-operative and good behaviour should be commented on and praised . 
At Maastricht we secured a landmark in animal welfare : our partners ' agreement to a declaration that the welfare of animals should be taken into account in the framing of EC legislation . 
Heinz suggested that laws and constitutions of countries should be strengthened to make international declarations against torture into enforceable law . 
A joint declaration by opposition groups and government parties issued after the country 's first round-table talks said that free elections should be held by next May 6 at the latest . 
This is in contrast with Mr Bangemann 's declaration on Monday that West Germans should not be asked to choose between their desire to overcome Germany 's division and their support for greater European integration . 
North Korea countered by declaring that South Korean nuclear facilities should also be subject to inspection . 
Tawell , who was deeply affronted that such a respectable businessman should be arrested on such a charge , exclaimed that he had never heard of Sara Hart , nor of Salt Hill , and he had definitely never been there . 
Squaring her shoulders , she said tersely , ` I really do n't see why I should have to explain myself to you . 
Please ring me and I will explain which numbers you should use . 
Above all , he insisted sternly , ` The mother of young children is not free , or at least should not be free , to earn . " 
Mention should be made of some of the other urban projects that are designed to improve agency co-ordination . 
` Anyway , we should be getting back upstairs , as you still have to change , " Nicky mentioned . 
Requirements of joining AL QAEDA : 1 - Abiding by AL QAEDA rules , its beliefs and objectives as previously mentioned 2 - Obedience to the leaders in charge as much as possible , without disobeying Islamic rules 3 - No connection between AL QAEDA membership and any other Islamic group 4 - Maintain secrecy in work-related issues 5- Physically healthy ( except in administrative work ) 6- The candidate should not be in question when it comes to religion , integrity or his morality 7- Reciting the pledge of AL-QAEDA .
Rikky : ` I think hedonism 's the one thing bands should be preaching , if they must ` preach " anything at all . " 
` Light should be the most important material in our project , " proclaimed the architect . 
I was merely surprised to note that someone who professes to take such a high moral stance should be cavorting freely with a married woman . 
The document proposed that three leading anti-apartheid campaigners -- Matthew Goniwe , Mbulelo Goniwe and Fort Calata -- should be " permanently removed from society as a matter of urgency " . 
Few would argue with the proposition that it should never be allowed to return to powe r . 
The consultation also showed widespread support for the proposition that the law should not allow trade union dues to be deducted from an employee 's salary without his or her individual consent . 
Although the players may not welcome the switch it should prove an attractive proposition for spectators and one which will almost certainly lead to increased television coverage for the women 's game . 
The same critic 's remark that Massine had captured the essence of Brahms ' fourth Symphony by ` repetitions , balancing and treatment of episodes " should be clarified . 
Seddon 's remark that I should n't try to get in touch with him at Scotland Yard set me thinking . 
It is clear from the remarks of Labour Members that they do not like change , even though they have no ideas about what should be done to improve the education system . 
It should also be noted that this study confirms our earlier remarks concerning the importance of the backbone conformations in determining the helical structure of DNA and , notably , twist angles . 
Without this single find in a remote country we should only have doubtful knowledge , from some remarks in Herodotus , of archaic decorative metal-work on this scale . 
You write reports on what the scope of the project should be and the various ways to tackle the project . 
" Yes , " he reported , after a short examination of the grass bed , " a number twelve shoe , I should say .
The committee expressed concern over loss of public access as Forestry Commission woodland was sold off , and said that as a first step , all existing rights of way should be maintained . 
` We should all go our separate ways as soon as we can , " Rufus had said . 
Sex should be between men and women who say `` Okay , let 's have sex ' ( with each other , I mean . )
I asked him why other countries should risk their soldiers ' lives if the United States would n't , and he replied , `` I did n't say ' other nations , ' I said the United Nations . ''
Some of the commenters also said that federal agencies should more commonly provide access to the economic analyses and other underlying rulemaking information that frequently resides in agencies ' dockets .
In October 1991 , the Iranian vice president said that if Israel kept its atomic bombs then Muslims should collectively develop their own .
QN : Did the Chinese Premier say the protests should give Tokyo serious pause for thought about its bid for the UNSC ?
Rep . Tony Hall , D- Ohio , did not call for a lifting of sanctions imposed on Iraq for its 1990 invasion of Kuwait , but said the United Nations should make sure that sanctions do not hurt innocent Iraqis .
Because they just say there 's either no room in the system , you know , in the jails for them or , you know , it 's just that it seems like the automatic sentences - if - if a judge has leeway on what he 's going to , you know , sentence someone for between , you know , two months and uh fifty years and you know what 's his whim to decide it should be two months .
" Yes , " he reported , after a short examination of the grass bed , " a number twelve shoe , I should say .
" A lamb , I should say , or a kid . "
I should say almost unique . "
I should be glad to be able to say afterwards that I had solved it without your help . "
The speaker of the Iranian parliament publicly stated in 1988 that `` ... we should fully equip ourselves in defensive and offensive use of chemical , bacteriological , and radiological weapons . ''
Every press release should include a quotable, provocative statement from an officer or committee member of the organization involved . 
The introduction should be a statement of intent . 
The answer resides not in some logically compelled statement as to whose opinion should count , but in a normative judgment as to whose relative opinion on a particular matter we wish to adopt. 
Finally , Griffiths was concerned to ensure that the quality of services was regularly inspected and suggested that local authority registration and inspection units should be strengthened and supported by a national inspectorate . 
A new US secretary of defense in 1949 thought Britain was " finished " , and suggested that as her empire began to disintegrate so the United States should concern itself with strengthening the useful parts . 
Thomas Carlyle had suggested to Elizabeth Gaskell that she should ` use her pen for the public good " and this both husband and wife tried to do in their way . 
At the top of the agenda is Israel 's insistence that the PLO should have no role in the peace talks . 
What was wrong was the scholastic insistence that all arguments , all reasoning , could , and should , be put into this form . 
Why should Kathleen not visit the nursery garden , why had it been necessary to make the explanation about the geranium plants , why had she flushed with guilt and fear and concealment ? 
I can accept their fears , but I think they should listen to the explanation from the professionals before they start jumping to conclusions . " 
` Should n't we stay , " she ventured , ` to see what happens ? "
` A shore station , I should n't wonder , " Lucinda hazarded .
The revisions should preferably be confirmed in writing .
It should be confirmed in writing .
The report acknowledges that industrialized countries bear much of the responsibility for existing environmental problems , and hence should bear the brunt of the cost of tackling them .
We should nonetheless acknowledge that in some parts of the country family care is extensive and durable .
Although IBM acknowledges that open systems should be able to use TCP/IP , Unix , Network File System , and X-server emulation at the desktop , Workstation One does not use them all .
The client identifier should be noted carefully and either the identifier or the title used in all further operations for this client .
We should note that we have already moved some way from the Greek conception of democracy as government by the people themselves .
In conclusion it should be noted that power already exists to utilise delegated legislation to go a good deal of the way along the road proposed by the Royal Commission .
It should be noted here that the terms expert and knowledge based systems have come into common usage , and are often interchanged when describing intelligent systems .
I 've had worse than that playing dominoes ! " , you should never tell the following jokes anywhere near the doctor 's surgery .
Everything an Italian family holiday hotel should be , this Sorrento property has comfortable rooms and a delightful bar cascading with greenery . 
The blame should lie with those revolting perverts who brought her so low . " 
The view that upsetting issues should be avoided is one that has already been addressed . 
The second and more troubling event has left me -- the self-styled , experienced , capable , worldly-wise individual -- in a moral dilemma with no idea how I should respond . 
Where Morpurgo 's left eye should have been was only a sickening fold of flesh . 
Using a rather perplexing argument , Japan 's deputy finance minister complained with only a slight tinge of panic yesterday that the Nikkei should be at the 24,000 level . 
This does not mean they should be complex -- indeed complexity can be perplexing and therefore counterproductive . 
It is shocking that that ethos should exist now . 
It seemed shocking that he should feel he had a right to complain about being woken up when the country was on the verge of civil war . 
It seemed to me shocking that they should engage in such a crude , almost obscene activity in public , and I would watch them with fascinated repulsion . 
As a bachelor it seemed slightly shocking to Rupert that a colleague , even though an anthropologist , should think nothing of abandoning his wife when she was ill . 
All the more surprising then that Jacob should at once comply and give his name , but that is what he does . 
It seems surprising that the gravitational force should dominate in the Universe . 
Reynolds newspaper declared it surprising that any respectable paper should advertise such wares . 
It 's irritating to see her there , all nervy and squeaky , in her clothes for motoring out to the country in ; but oddly touching and pleasing that she should have come . 
Rather , your list of goals should act as signposts to a pleasurable trip . 
This social aspect of reading , of sharing a pleasurable experience , should begin at this stage . 
He loves it , and it would be a hard critic who suggested that he should deprive himself of , to him , the most enjoyable bit of his job . 
You should aim to make bathtime a relaxing and enjoyable experience . 
This was an uplifting experience -- as Haydn intended it should be . 
` The really worrying thing is that higher education is being regarded as a commodity for sale rather than something that we should invest in . 
The most annoying fact was that it could and should have been a masterpiece . 
If that was true , it was really annoying ; a professional contact should take time to find out all the likely addresses for the assassin to check . 
As soon as thought began to be given to the televising of the House , one of the most troublesome issues was the extent to which editorial discretion should be permitted in camera coverage . 
Now that digital Hight simulators were replacing the older analogue types , this proposal should not prove too troublesome . 
And it is a good thing that someone sensible should be doing so for the subject has got into the hands of theorists of the most tiresome sort . 
Epoch says you should withdraw your attention when faced with a tiresome child . 
It 's astonishing that Shakespeare 's Henry V should become , except at a time of national emergency , a resonant figure . 
Nylon should be avoided as this material provides little water resistance and can cause the most appalling injuries in the case of fire . 
` I do n't think you should be on your own , " she said in what she hoped was a calming voice . 
This should be an excellent opportunity for being with and joining friends for a relaxing evening . 
You should aim to make bathtime a relaxing and enjoyable experience . 
` But what I really do n't understand is why on earth you should think anyone of a sound mind would actually want to gain entry into your very confusing family ! " 
It has been recommended that radiologicial examination should be reserved for patients who present with confusing or indistinct diagnostic features . 
The most disappointing aspect of this matter is that he should have seen fit to introduce politics into licensing board affairs . 
In fifth it 's no faster , and given that Mercedes reckons it should reach 143mph , this is a disappointing result . 
Jemson 's problems should n't detract from woeful Wednesday 's own troubles and their disappointing performance . 
After a disappointing start , the week should bring action , adventure , opportunity , excitement , progress and triumph . 
While he might have dismissed her , Vitor appeared to find it disconcerting that she should turn the tables and dismiss him . 
This may be disturbing for the client who should be forewarned . 
But I found it too embarrassing to keep suggesting to a fellow professional that he should take time off from his own work to accompany me to functions where he was not able to join me at the dinner table when he got there . 
Seb knew it was well past the time he and Carrie should have retired to their respective bedrooms , but he found the thought of mentioning bed vaguely embarrassing . 
I should have been more entertaining company . " 
Should you decide to stick to sherry and branch out into the heavier aloroso you will have a thick head tomorrow and we will have an entertaining evening . " 
If the garden was more exciting than my dwelling , there was a good reason why Alec Reid 's house should have a more lived-in feeling . 
If you do , bidding can be very exhilarating , and on no account should you bid more than your pre-determined limit . 
This , undoubtedly , is how the leader of the most intensely sad and beautiful band of 1992 really should behave . 
This flawless , cork screwed white-knuckle ride should roll and roll into 1993 and your back yard . 
Max has a very funny way of telling you that you should try a different approach . 
This issue must not be overlooked , but it should be pursued gently since self-destructive behaviour may result from the arousal of traumatic memories . 
A particular thorny dilemma arises should the caring situation present demands beyond the level of endurance . 
I was so glad when you came in and I thought I should have someone agreeable to talk to after all . " 
In the upper echelons of banking , they hinted , a considerable amount of entertaining was expected , and he should consider getting a wife whose talents included those of being an agreeable and sophisticated hostess . 
In the face of the dreadful attacks on police officers , the Home Office should have put together an urgent review team which should have incorporated other Departments and put forward a package of measures . 
But today he was on edge , anxious to have a distasteful duty done , careful that there should be no mistakes . 
But , determined that he should n't have the satisfaction of seeing her vexation , she said drily , ` Do n't mention it ; I 'm only glad it was n't rush-hour . "
I should write to Barry Humphries and explain that the reason I chose him was because I find his style of dressing very amusing and loud , different from everything else . " 
It is necessary and immensely touching that your mentor should take the trouble to give you comfort in every step you take , in a very basic and everyday way . 
Dearborn casts a cool eye on Mailer 's attention - getting tactics ( he suggested that soldiers in Vietnam should only kill people they were willing to eat ) , his drunken outbursts , his wife - stabbing episode , and delivers what critics agree is an evenhanded , engrossing , `` crisply written `` ( Sven Birkerts , Esquire ) book that will prove difficult for Mailer 's official biographer to follow .
Sex , when properly understood , is one of the greatest human pleasures , and I have never seen why the older generation should be so niggardly about passing on the information .
Mounted peels should be stored in a dust-free box or drawer , and stained peels are best kept in the dark .
The security team should : A : Publish a periodic bulletin and distribute to all residents , advising them how to safely store gaz and logs B : Keep the firefighters alert at all times C : Report any thing that might be a fire hazard D : Warn against the safety of children 's toys E : Urge everyone to take precautions and guard their homes tightly
They will be feeling indulgent towards us , because we are not so evidently , so rowdily in love ; yet we should be discreetly indulgent towards them . 
They will be feeling indulgent towards us , because we are not so evidently , so rowdily in love ; yet we should be discreetly indulgent towards them . 
You 're right to be sceptical : we should be indulgent only to a certain point with lovers , whose vanities rival those of politicians . 
A previously blameless disciplinary record should have entitled Cooper to more lenient treatment , they argue . 
The degree of risk created by the bad driving should be regarded as the crucial factor ; it is not so much a question of whether the sentence should be more severe when the risk eventuates , as whether the sentence should be more lenient when the risk does not materialize . 
In the light of this we should monitor news reports of lenient sentencing for driving offences -- such as the one in the Scotsman ( 5th ? 
Regulators should resist pressure to be lenient 
Although primarily a protein food , cheese has a high fat content and care should be taken when eating if you are following a strict diet for health or cosmetic reasons . 
You should n't be so strict with yourself . 
A strict control system should cover the above items .
A third feature underlying the courts ' tolerant attitude to managerial failure is their belief , at least historically , that mismanagement can , and should , be controlled by means of shareholder supervision . 
We are democrats and accept that until we have convinced people by the force of our argument , we should go along with the view of the majority of the organisations of which we are a member . 
With over 180 colour photographs the cook should inspire you to really make the most of containers . 
And should all efforts fail to entice the public , it 's Neneh who 'll need to ` go on a long holiday and bury my head in the sand "  . 
In a way , this attitude is similar to that of those who in earlier centuries discouraged scientific investigation by saying that all natural phenomena were the work of God and should not be inquired into . 
Students should be encouraged to analyse the usefulness of an out of date balance sheet and profit and loss account and the situation of a business that is experiencing difficulties . 
Applicants should submit a short research proposal on their chosen topic .
3- Request for vacation travel should be submitted two and a half months before the travel date .
The buses should have the following : 1- Light armor and rocket launchers 2- Wireless equipment to report dangerous activities 3- Writing materials to jot down suspicious activities or license plate numbers 4- Sand bags around the buses to protect them from gun fire
Diet should consist of all types of worms , even the largest taking tubifex and bloodworm in vast quantities , or any of the other frozen meat-based foods are relished . 
Film is a personal effort and if you fail , you should fail for the right reasons .
In theory , this should produce a list of the least harmful cuts from which the Secretary of State can choose , if he fails in his bid for more resources .
He said : ` If I 'm not successful at Highbury , I 'll leave or I 'll get pushed out , and that 's the way it should be .
Any honest assessment of his chances of pulling this off should start from the realisation that he has only a few rusty tools at his disposal .
If `` Forrest Gump '' should prevail , star Tom Hanks could pull off the back-to-back Oscar stunt accomplished by only four actors in history .
The HCIMA Careers Adviser will advise centres and will counsel unsuccessful applicants should the centre wish to refer individual cases to HCIMA .
Dublin theater is legendary , and no visitor should miss seeing a performance at the Abbey Theatre or Gate Theatre .
Indeed , if monetary relaxation succeeds in stabilising output , it should unlock sharp productivity gains which could finance higher import costs .
But the Post 's investigation reveals a number of variables -- Institute head James Wilson had financial interests in seeing the therapy succeed ; `` the Penn study experimented with the healthiest rather than the sickest '' patients , and more -- that raise serious questions about whether the experiment should have occurred .
Should you have any difficulty , a word with your Club rep will normally do the trick .
If the treatment is successful , imbalances between the different arms of the autonomic nervous system -- the sympathetic and the parasympathetic -- should be corrected .
You should know in about two months whether your application has been successful .
Offered the same price for an issue , borrowers will choose an existing firm , given their reputation for successful launches , to avoid all the disadvantages in terms of future borrowing costs should an issue fail .
If the operation is successful , LIFESPAN will display the identifier of a mail message which should be viewed to determine the outcome of the requested module transfer .
Moreover , only cells having undergone a successful homologous recombination event should become HAT resistant and carry the targeted transgene .
For example , in the spinal cord , where successful regeneration ultimately depends on axon extension in an appropriate direction over long distances , factors that promote parallel axonal growth , and discourage non-parallel growth , should enhance long-distance regeneration .
If the project fails within the two-year period it should be abandoned .
The attempt failed , but it really should not have been tried .
If these claims fail , others who should be protecting her interests will tell her that she contributed to the situation by being in male territory .
The best shape of bag is tapered or mummy , and there should be enough room for your body to feel comfortable inside . 
They should see to it that their kids do n't play truant ; they should make certain that the children spend enough time doing homework ; they should scrutinize the report card .
Fortunately , none of this means that their work can simply be tossed overboard , for two examples should suffice to prove the contention that writers subsequent to Cnut 's day sometimes had access to important evidence . 
Records : All transactions , transfers and expenditure should be recorded in sufficient detail for the information to be usable . 
In both instances the general test should be whether there was some reasonable or sufficient evidence to justify the action . 
The direction or signal by the officer should be given clearly and in sufficient time for the defendant to stop . 
This list could certainly be extended , but it is sufficient to indicate the deep and wide-ranging impact that the Council had , or should have had , on both theology and practice . 
The humanitarian reasons for safeguarding this provision should be sufficient in themselves . 
I should , however , make it clear that the matters to which I have referred are more than sufficient on their own to justify outright rejection . 
If the total resources are insufficient to meet all needs then how does one choose the needs that should take precedence ? 
It is insufficient that the person addressed should fear or be likely to fear violence against property . 
They should be clamped in reasonably dry conditions with adequate protection against frost . 
Width must be adequate for the flow and where foot traffic is heavy , conflict should be resolved by vehicles being deflected over or under the level walking route . 
Public transport timetables should be examined to estimate their adequacy for staff travel in the light of the knowledge gained on where staff are domiciled and the early and late evening shift changes . 
Where only a proportion of the damage has occurred since we have been on cover , we should pay the cost of the underpinning , subject to the adequacy of the sum insured and the policy excess . 
In imagining what it would be like to be fundholders in future we should assume that overall adequacy of funding for health care will be less than we have previously known . 
Fitting then that the local branch Child Poverty Action Group should mark the anniversary with a press conference in the Town Hall , to highlight what it calls the inadequacy of today 's social security system . 
In particular , it should have been apparent from an early stage that the railway would prove totally inadequate to deal with the demand generated in the Isle of Dogs , especially by the Canary Wharf project . 
But before deciding not to co-operate , you should bear in mind that this could mean the company has to reach a decision on the basis of inadequate information . 
And it is equally inadequate to suggest that the audience should only respond morally , elevated by the supposed triumph of good over evil -- even though for many people now this is undoubtedly the effect of tragedy . 
However , this should not hide the fact that many , especially urban , councils have capital resources that are inadequate to deal with the problems that face them . 
However , he should ask himself why it is that , when people are given access and are judged eligible for the benefits , the administration is so inadequate that paying out the genuine benefits breaks the system . 
They should also be encouraged to take plenty of exercise and eat a good healthy diet . 
There was no ` correct " length of time which should elapse before she was ready to try , so it did not matter how long it took .
In this case , you should put him on to the defensive by maintaining a series of very strong attacks delivered from the correct distance .
You should select and practise the appropriate method for the task in hand .
Such cars should be supplied at the same basic price as charged for the dealer 's regular supplies .
Managers should be obliged by the Takeover Panel to provide their shareholders with the same information , particularly three-year cash-flow forecasts and industry analysis , that they show their bankers .
3- The Kiosk should be designed to stand all weather conditions , and provide a full coverage of the area it is placed at .
The speaker of the Iranian parliament publicly stated in 1988 that `` ... we should fully equip ourselves in defensive and offensive use of chemical , bacteriological , and radiological weapons . ''
4- The Kiosk should be equipped with wireless communication equipment , and a mechanist to open and close the gate automatically .
The area patrol is different from the single patrol in that : 1- It has a vehicle equipped with a machine gun 2- It can use horses to canvass the area , but the patrol should be formed of 2 or 3 people at least
The location should have a fence with towers that is equipped with visual and aural equipment .
The location should have a fence with towers that is equipped with visual and aural equipment .
The Russian Sputnik had been launched two years before , and produced in the United States a feverish alarm lest their Communist competitors should outstrip them in a world increasingly penetrated by science and technology . 
At this rate 1989 volume should comfortably surpass 1986's record figure of $179bn , and may yet reach the magic $200bn . 
Um , but I think if we quit , uh , building these Taj Mahals with the color TVs and sixty dollars sixty thousand a year to keep an inmate in there - on a - on a - on a life sentence , we should start hanging them and get it over with and let 's just screwing up the system uh .
Because they just say there 's either no room in the system , you know , in the jails for them or , you know , it 's just that it seems like the automatic sentences - if - if a judge has leeway on what he 's going to , you know , sentence someone for between , you know , two months and uh fifty years and you know what 's his whim to decide it should be two months .
He called for a new international agreement of the kind that replaced the League of Nations with the United Nations , for it was unacceptable that the United Nations should become `` merely a building where people go to complain or engage in Byzantine debates over texts that everyone knows the big powers will be the first to treat with contempt . ''
What would that mean for the eventual succession to the speakership should Gingrich quit to run for president ?
As a part of its human capital planning , management should also consider how best to retain valuable employees , plan for their eventual succession , and ensure continuity of needed skills and abilities .
Anyone importing or exporting large sums in cash should be obliged to declare it and Customs officers should have power to seize the money if they suspected it was derived from crime .
It also suggests that teachers should oppose their critics on educational grounds rather than being forced continually onto the sterile terrain of vocationalism .
If you wish to oppose the granting of such decree you should put your reasons in writing and send your letter to the address shown below .
There was covert opposition to these measures from the older departmental heads , who displayed considerable ingenuity in discovering reasons why staff should not be released .
Should we wonder that they might influence some children to think that the real world is all like that ? 
She wondered if she should tell him about Amy 's having been a nurse . 
Alex Tate , 34-year-old ship 's cook , was told by Judge Alan Simpson that the assault merited a short prison sentence but that it should not interfere with his work . 
Tripp should have told Ms .
] , who runs Robbie Vinson 's Night Line and refers to himself in the third person , is often very unpleasant indeed , and some of the conversations cited in the article ( especially one in which a caller was told that if he did n't like Britain he should get out ) smack strongly of his acerbic , dyspeptic , often rude manner .
[ US readers should be told that the spellings and pronunciations ( given in IPA -- International Phonetic Alphabet ) are British .
Every exhibition should be treated as an opportunity to inform visitors about our scientific activities and priorities . 
Doctors should be advised , they must inform patients about side effects and dangers . 
This topic is meant to improve pupils ' awareness of ` danger " areas in houses and to inform them of basic safety measures and precautions which should be taken at home . 
The man who had read off the crime informed the crowd that the execution should begin . 
a ) Teacher unions should be consulted and advised of the aims and procedures of any Compacts established . 
Michele stood his ground without moving a muscle , and advised quietly , ` I think you should leave now . 
I shall advise her that the lessons should cease . " 
` Mrs Atkinson 's doctor has advised us that we should consider a transfer . " 
` You should keep in the shade , " Michele advised . 
Counsel for the applicant advised that the examination be limited to the issue of the applicant 's fitness to plead and that the defence should instruct their own forensic psychiatrist to report on other possible defences . 
When using the machine for the first time , the manufacturers advise that the machine should be filled to capacity and then emptied , before re-filling and stripping . 
All the best books advise that the texture should be like fine breadcrumbs , and this is literally the state it should be in . 
Experts advise that sunscreens should be reapplied on a hourly basis ( a dollop of cream about the size of a grape is a good guideline for your face ) . 
He advises that while the unit backs onto our store , as a self-contained unit , it should continue to be available for let on the open market . 
Organisers should notify the University as to whether the induction loop facility is required during the period in which the Great Hall is in use . 
The Chief Executive had been notified that her lawyer would be on holiday on 11 July so this date should be avoided . 
They argue that notification of a new substance should take place at the moment it is developed , rather than in the run-up to marketing . 
Arrangements for notification of staffing needs to the Bank should be devised . 
The security team should : A : Publish a periodic bulletin and distribute to all residents , advising them how to safely store gaz and logs B : Keep the firefighters alert at all times C : Report any thing that might be a fire hazard D : Warn against the safety of children 's toys E : Urge everyone to take precautions and guard their homes tightly
The following should be considered when erecting fences:
I should be happy to add that training scheme to the many other excellent training schemes we have at present .
The LAT focuses on new dissension within the Israeli government about whether or not Israel should continue to maintain forces in southern Lebanon , dissension fueled when an Israeli commando raid there late last week was ambushed , with twelve deaths the result .
At the outset two points should be made clear .
You should announce the third week in April ' - - this dinner was in January , 1952 , Dean-- ' and say that you will seek a leave of absence as governor of Illinois .
This does n't mean that you should take time off work ; quite the opposite , as it is preferable that you remain occupied while on the diet .
He simply would not accept that her two children should be allowed any further time off school for the purpose of family holidays .
There was n't room for her to stay in the flat with the three other girls so they decided that Katrine should stay in Piazza Pitti in Debbie 's flat .
Those on longer stays should visit Leon , with its stunning cathedral , lively medieval plaza , and San Marcos , the unique 16th century monastery-turned-parador .
So hospitals had been home and although my stay at the Winchester one was not to be long , I saw no reason why it should n't function in exactly the same way .
But top insurers said terrorism was a political problem not a commercial one , so the Government should pick up at least part of the tab for future claims .
The American State Department argued that because Arafat represented an organisation that used terrorism he should not be allowed to enter America .
How vulnerable is the United States to BW terrorism , and what types of attacks should it be most concerned about ?
In addition , a European court to try international terrorists and drug traffickers should be set up , he said .
Some may be surprised that Hooton writes so fluently on scally culture ; they should search out old issues of his fanzine The End . 
We should only hope that the minister does n't start using the Book of Revelations as his appointments diary . 
Two art students wonder if they should be writing diaries too . 
But you should begin a history essay long before you are faced with actually writing it . 
Although they are important , you should not let technicalities in presenting references divert you away from the crucial tasks of organising and writing your essay . 
Teaching should also bring out the structural characteristics of different types of verse and poetry , eg nursery rhymes , concrete poetry , haiku , limericks , ballads , sonnets etc . 
The haiku poets aimed to condense many meanings into each phrase , so that the poem should speak of something that has both a particular and a general significance . 
Teaching should also bring out the structural characteristics of different types of verse and poetry , eg nursery rhymes , concrete poetry , haiku , limericks , ballads , sonnets etc . 
The boy later wrote his memoirs ; again , I quote : ` Mme Picard 's opinion was that a child should be allowed to read everything . 
It should be possible to construct a pragmatic frame by which the deixis of lyric poetry in its various manifestations can be viewed . 
According to a manual of etiquette published in the 1840s , readers were advised that , ` Care should be taken not to place books by authors of different sexes next to each other " . 
This was one of most important quotes from the article : `` Invariably , '' says Craig , `` a black-themed book will come up for consideration , and there wo n't be anyone of color to put in an opinion , or there 'll be one , who should n't bear the burden alone .
It was Branwell , who suggested that the Harworth parsonage should publish its own magazine , but after the third issue , it was Charlotte who took over the leadership from him . 
They should have a sermon about Rome when he got back . 
So maybe it 's apt that he should have become entangled in Basic Instinct , a new psychosexual thriller starring Michael Douglas and Sharon Stone , which is based on a controversial script by Joe Eszterhas . 
Reading lists including relevant research and articles from journals should be appended . 
Anyone who wants to appreciate just how bizarre this situation is -- with students who ca n't add or subtract `` learning '' the conceptual basis of mathematical theory -- should read the article by Caleb Nelson ( himself a recent math major at Harvard ) in the November American Spectator .
SIR -- Should the unthinkable happen , an apt political obituary for John Major might well read : ` It was impossible to help liking such a man at first sight . 
The report by Professor Alexander into the Leeds primary school experience should be read carefully by anyone who is interested in primary school methods . 
LAWS to confiscate the proceeds of organised crime in the United Kingdom should not follow the American pattern , according to a report on practises in both countries published yesterday . 
The security team should : A : Publish a periodic bulletin and distribute to all residents , advising them how to safely store gaz and logs B : Keep the firefighters alert at all times C : Report any thing that might be a fire hazard D : Warn against the safety of children 's toys E : Urge everyone to take precautions and guard their homes tightly
It almost should be the first twelve people that they - you know - that have on a list are the ones that are on the jury and that 's it .
And the paper quotes Clinton in reaction to Reno 's recent statement that she was 'mad ' about the White House 's lag on the coffee tapes : `` You should have been there when I heard about it . ''
The graph in Example 2 will serve as a point of departure for the subsequent analysis ; while we will periodically refer back to some of its specific elements , it should be understood that even when not explicitly referenced , this graph serves as the explanatory goal of this paper .
First papers derived from mapping theses should , if this is the only consideration , either be singly authored , or should cite the researcher first .
Two art students wonder if they should be writing diaries too . 
The boy later wrote his memoirs ; again , I quote : ` Mme Picard 's opinion was that a child should be allowed to read everything . 
i would really think that they should be stressing more can the kid write a thought
He is now thought to have rejoined the Labour Party , and to have composed an ` open letter " to Neil Kinnock hinting that he should be helped to find a suitable constituency . 
Powell drafted a letter to Branson , laying out his areas of disagreement over company policy and raising the consideration of whether they should go forward together . 
Members of the Reform Alliance and the Peoples Democracy Platform emerged from separate caucus meetings unable to decide what should be changed in the manifesto drafted by Imre Pozsgay . 
The buses should have the following : 1- Light armor and rocket launchers 2- Wireless equipment to report dangerous activities 3- Writing materials to jot down suspicious activities or license plate numbers 4- Sand bags around the buses to protect them from gun fire
Several of the individuals and organizations that we contacted said that the agencies should move to a more standardized approach , and said that standardization could make the current system of participation more accessible to the public .
The value of the coin collection should be typed in . 
The details of the construction should be typed in . 
Sheila reckons police should soon be hot on the trail of the burglar , who stole a CD player and sentimental items . 
She could be pilfering on a grand scale -- computer control is beyond the ken of most people in this establishment , I should think . 
Campbell focuses on girl shoplifters , but it should be stressed that other females who shoplift , perhaps pensioners or single parents , might do so for more basic material needs . 
Nina felt a dart of anger and pain that Tom should be thwarted in love .
Given the chromosome window size ( 5 Mbp ) used to calculate the TDF and the average size of the gene ( ~30 Kbp ) , each 5 Mbp region should contain on average about 170 genes .
`` The General Assembly should set aside money for a new state health lab , millions of doses of antiviral drugs and a fund to help meet basic needs after a disaster , a legislative panel recommended Thursday .
3- Request for vacation travel should be submitted two and a half months before the travel date .
Like North , Raskolnikov was appalled that such a small thing , so long ago , so distorted by his interrogator , should have incriminated him .
No student should be permitted to be graduated from elementary school without having mastered the 3 R 's at the level that prevailed 20 years ago .
Requirements of joining AL QAEDA : 1 - Abiding by AL QAEDA rules , its beliefs and objectives as previously mentioned 2 - Obedience to the leaders in charge as much as possible , without disobeying Islamic rules 3 - No connection between AL QAEDA membership and any other Islamic group 4 - Maintain secrecy in work-related issues 5- Physically healthy ( except in administrative work ) 6- The candidate should not be in question when it comes to religion , integrity or his morality 7- Reciting the pledge of AL-QAEDA .
I should be glad to be able to say afterwards that I had solved it without your help . "
They should see to it that their kids do n't play truant ; they should make certain that the children spend enough time doing homework ; they should scrutinize the report card .
Boys should go to school because they need the skills to get on in the world , because they will spend their lives moving between household and family and the institutions of state and nation .
If women want to spend their lives with something that is slim , sanitary and sensitive , perhaps they should consider setting up home with a thermometer dipped in Dettol .
If they have defined work schedules and are not expected to be available for duty on a roundtheclock basis , the T & A requirements for civilian employees are operative and should be used .
When ( 1 ) an employee 's work schedule differs from the agencywide schedule established by management or ( 2 ) reflects a flexible work program , an employee 's work schedule should be approved by the supervisor or the official most knowledgeable of the employee 's schedule in advance of the period when the plan takes effect .
California should therefore begin immediately to phase the utility out of the procurement function entirely , with the goal of having all customers served by a non-utility provider within 36 months .
These behaviors will often be used in other subroutines running on a schema basis , and when combined with the forward cruise function , should cause the robot to move at an angle .
The examiner is quite entitled to set questions on any topic in the syllabus regardless of whether a lecture on it has been given or not and you should look out for the " old foxes " . 
To be effective for you , the lecture should cover topics that you have already studied -- if only briefly . 
A strict control system should cover the above items .
Apart from basic agreements on the necessity for law and order for survival purposes , an issue which will be treated later in the chapter , there are a number of similarities which should be mentioned .
In the articles in the ABC series we have addressed the ways in which drug treatment should be monitored after it has been started . 
The graph in Example 2 will serve as a point of departure for the subsequent analysis ; while we will periodically refer back to some of its specific elements , it should be understood that even when not explicitly referenced , this graph serves as the explanatory goal of this paper .
You should not exceed this amount because iron can be toxic in certain individuals .
Transfer from special school to integrated provision as a pupil gains mastery of specialised skills or transfer from integrated provision to special provision for specific reasons should be neither surprising nor impossible .
Because the winning of seats under the STV depends more often than not on the transfer of votes from one candidate to another of the same patty , it is particularly important that they should campaign unanimously .
The rents , royalties , and bonuses transferred to Treasury for the General Fund , or to other Government reporting entities , should be recognized by them as exchange revenue .
Also if abscesses come up in sites other than between the lower jaw antibiotics should be used as these abscesses can get very large without treatment .
As heavier females win the fights , they should end up with higher quality males .
It is ironic that the man from Windsor who was nursed back to good health in a London hospital by the woman he later married should end up as a health authority magnate .
But EFPs have claimed the lives of several soldiers in the unit , and Sgt. Leland Kidd , 28 , of Gonzales , Texas , said the private should be thankful they were on foot .
Should we not include people who regularly travel through the area by car , who must have an opinion about the difference it has made to their journey ? 
3- Request for vacation travel should be submitted two and a half months before the travel date .
Then I made one last journey through the house , the precincts , and the gardens , to see that all was as it should be , and to say goodbye . 
It is better described as a full day 's expedition , and those who undertake it need to be well-provisioned and should allow ample time to see the many natural attractions along the way . 
` We should never have toured , for one thing . " 
Moidart 's trip from her Newmarket base to Edinburgh last time was rewarded with victory and she should score closer to home in the Charter Handicap . 
Meanwhile , McDermott has said England should not hesitate to fulfil their two-week trip to civil-war torn Sri Lanka in March . 
` I meant we should take a trip to Hadrian 's wall . " 
If the model is set up correctly , it should make a steep descent under full control . 
From here you should descend along a northerly spur that will include two further tops , Stob Coire Easain and Beinn na Soacaich , and head for a dam , which you will find where the Allt Coire an Eoin meets the trees . 
-- The court has been told that the order did not in fact contain that recitation. -- ` On this occasion the court ordered that the case should be heard at the end of August 1991 .
Even in private encounters , judges do not discuss their cases with politicians , and in return politicians should avoid embarrassing judges by involving them in what are essentially political issues .
Um I personally think to set a mark with the judicial system and we 're talking about criminal - criminal cases that they should bring back .
PERUGIA , Italy ( AP ) --- Giulio Andreotti was questioned Thursday for three hours by a judge who must decide whether the former premier should be tried for the murder of a journalist .
On his training bags , for example , he should be trying out various double and triple kicking techniques and working out a series of combinations , linked together with speed , timing , delivery , focus and his own personal footwork manoeuvres .
However , you are not likely to find bargains , and you should be aware that unless you are an expert , you can end up with a fake .
In the hotel and catering business , as in all other types of business , control should be exercised over all operations throughout the establishment , for control attacks fraud and ineffectiveness and promotes efficiency . 
How vulnerable is the United States to BW terrorism , and what types of attacks should it be most concerned about ?
This kind of protection should be done without drawing attention so that people inside the location would feel at ease .
We should be three very gay companions , we could make excursions , the sort one never ventures upon alone . 
Perhaps the TECs are coming up with new ideas about the sort of training that should be developed . 
Advertising should be based on the accurate job description you have already drawn up , so that the right sort of people will recognize themselves . 
If parents and governors are now to be involved , this may make sex education even more complicated as teachers try to accommodate a variety of differing moral views on what should be taught . 
The grape varieties are often quite different , as are the climate and soil , so the flavour will vary accordingly and should be judged on its own merits , not as an imitation of something else . 
Orkney , like most of his breed , is not sure this should have been allowed . 
NuTcracker is supposedly unbiased toward any particular brand of Unix although the second version of NuTcracker , scheduled for some unspecified time in the future , should add Sun 's Solaris 1.0 calls . 
But it is curious that these actresses should be attacked instead of encouraged in their efforts to change .
Any purported assignment should also have been made publicly .
This review was reportedly to determine whether a US general should continue to exercise overall control of NATO forces in Europe .
He said I should remove my raincoat and my jacket and hang them on the hangers provided . 
Neo-classical models of the labour market contend that equilibriating mechanisms such as migration should work to eradicate spatial variations in unemployment ( Gleave and Palmer , 1980 ) , but the continuation of wide regional variations in rates of joblessness through the 1980s suggests that these mechanisms are not working very efficiently ( Gleave and Sellens , 1984 ; Green et al. , 1986 ) .
With the United States removed , at least temporarily , from the reprocessing marketplace , the possibility of the 450 spent fuel elements coming to Scotland should not and can not be dismissed .
While this could be true , it should be noted that the utility of these fungal species is not limited to BW applications .
3- Secret gates should be built 50 meters apart to be used for emergency only .
5- Cars parked inside the location should have their front facing the fence so they could be used quickly in case of emergency .
The area patrol is different from the single patrol in that : 1- It has a vehicle equipped with a machine gun 2- It can use horses to canvass the area , but the patrol should be formed of 2 or 3 people at least
In hindsight , probably , we should have suspected that Judge Starr would not use the phrase `` fiery loins . ''
Stays imposed on the grounds of delay or for any other reason should only be employed in exceptional circumstances .
None the less , unison doublings should be very sparingly employed in all but the full orchestra .
It is interesting to note that , because of the computer production technique employed , the Genesis sails should be more accurately one-design than a handmade Dacron sail .
The speaker of the Iranian parliament publicly stated in 1988 that `` ... we should fully equip ourselves in defensive and offensive use of chemical , bacteriological , and radiological weapons . ''
Software users should operate secure and efficient housekeeping systems to reduce the danger of unauthorized copies being made of programs .
The standards for thesis acceptance should not be lower than those applied by journal referees when considering papers for publication .
As with all sunscreens , it should be applied hourly .
As a woman 's sexuality must be controlled by the male authority who should then utilize it solely for his own benefit , in their natal home women are not sexually active .
Auditors should exercise professional judgment in pursuing indications of possible fraud and illegal acts so as not to interfere with potential future investigations , legal proceedings , or both .
Proof of meeting these , two staff reference letters and an essay stating why they should receive a grant and how it will be used are all reviewed by a Pleasant Run panel , which determines if the applicant merits the funds .
Passageways for cars and pedestrians should be designated 4- Road bumps : Six successive bumps should be constructed at 500 meters from the location .
The distance between the first and fourth bump should be 100 meters , and the distance between the fourth and the sixth should be 50 meters , so cars can not travel fast in the direction of the building 5- Barbed Wires : They should be placed around the building , around the walls , or on top of the walls 6- Nails Obstacle : These are placed at the main gate in order to puncture the tires of any car crashing in
2- Under no circumstance a car , even that which belongs to the location should be permitted to park next to the fence .
4- Inside parking lot should be strictly designated to the location 's cars in order to protect them from sabotage .
5- Cars parked inside the location should have their front facing the fence so they could be used quickly in case of emergency .
Four members of the sprint squad missed the bus and arrived at the stadium later than they should have for the morning heats . 
Some buses should be exposed and others should be camouflaged .
The buses should have the following : 1- Light armor and rocket launchers 2- Wireless equipment to report dangerous activities 3- Writing materials to jot down suspicious activities or license plate numbers 4- Sand bags around the buses to protect them from gun fire
Against them , Jerry Moffatt , the man who should have won the world championship but fell off his bike .
I sprang out , they tried to drag me back , and had it not been for the help of this good man , who led me to the cab , I should never had broken away .
The area patrol is different from the single patrol in that : 1- It has a vehicle equipped with a machine gun 2- It can use horses to canvass the area , but the patrol should be formed of 2 or 3 people at least
The men who were acquitted , Danial Winter , who 's 19 , and Wisdom Smith , who 's also 19 , had nothing to say after the judge directed they should be found not guilty . 
, and is your argument that we find and hold against their retrospective because there is some , at least plausible basis should so argument , to say that there can be a causal connection between the retrospective extension and some benefit that can be traced to those particular works through the retrospective extension , like dissemination ? Is
These fundamental values should not be jettisoned simply because marriage is a factor in the case , as indeed the Court of Appeal affirmed when holding that a husband may be convicted of kidnapping his wife . 
But the rule was confirmed by the Criminal Law Revision Committee in 1980 , on the ground that a defendant should not be left in peril of a homicide conviction indefinitely . 
Mr Clive Ponting 's acquittal by a jury in February 1985 , after he had admitted to passing official Government papers to a person not authorised to receive them , the very essence of section 2 of the Official Secrets Act 1911 , and despite the most explicit summing up by the trial judge that they should convict , raises the question of what motivated the jury . 
For Austin Donnellan , yesterday 's acquittal should end the matter . 
Perhaps there should be a review of possible alternative verdicts under the Theft Acts . 
Penny McAllister 's parents welcomed the decision but insisted the verdict should have been murder and the sentence life . 
She agreed to try a behaviour chart and identified that each of them should sit in their own chairs , eat their own food quietly , and not interfere with each other .
The policy review concluded that the United States should seek `` improved implementation of the Agreed Framework , verifiable constraints on North Korea 's missile program , a ban on missile exports , and a less threatening North Korean conventional military posture . ''
And while this claim has not yet been substantiated by IAEA inspectors , proponents argue that Iran has violated the NPT and that the country 's nuclear file should , in turn , be referred to the United Nations Security Council ( UNSC ) for its review .
Rep . Tony Hall , D- Ohio , did not call for a lifting of sanctions imposed on Iraq for its 1990 invasion of Kuwait , but said the United Nations should make sure that sanctions do not hurt innocent Iraqis .
Dublin theater is legendary , and no visitor should miss seeing a performance at the Abbey Theatre or Gate Theatre .
Also , the visitors with high security clearance should be designated parking spots inside the location .
1- Kiosks should be placed at entrance gates to check visitors when approaching the building .
All students should be encouraged to take an active part and not merely listen passively to the tutor and one or two loquacious individuals . 
A month or so before this was due to be delivered , however , a curt memorandum arrived from the Energy Department warning the group that it ` should resist getting drawn into the fray " . 
Depending on what side of the city you live in Buenos Aires , Maradona is either the greatest player of his generation --- or an arrogant loudmouth who should have retired at his peak .
The parents , instead of applauding her , called her a noisy chatterbox and told her sharply that small girls should be seen and not heard . 
I realized that Rachel had disappeared without leaving a clue and I had no way to do anything but wait for her to show up – which , if she were in a situation where I should be doing something , would probably be never .
We should not delay the public health and environmental benefits from reduction of these emissions while we wait for consensus to develop on CO2 .
Wait , why should I get off ?
I awoke at dawn certain that I should go home . 
I woke early the next day and lay in bed , considering what form my apology should take . 
` When Postine next revives , her brain activity should have returned to normal . "
On Tuesday , Russia 's representative to the Security Council reportedly warned that Iraq " should be prepared for grave consequences " if it continues its defiance of U. N. cease-fire terms .
Kimmitt warned that should discussions fail , " the coalition military are prepared to go back on the offensive .
The security team for the USAID contractors had received warnings that there was suspicious activity outside the campus , and the bodyguards decided that the Americans should leave .
TV stations that aired the video preceded it with a warning that it contained graphic imagery and children should not be allowed to view it .
`` Instead of giving the industry a lifesaving injection , the corporation is vacillating on what should be done , '' said Ravindra Randeniya , president of the Film Actors ' Guild .
` You may be sure , " said Jared Tunstall , ` that if ever I do go bankrupt I should certainly die of grief , or of mortification at such a turn . 
Land that was not ` used " could be expropriated for the benefit of the industrious poor ; rents should be controlled , the needy farmer aided . 
( c.17 ) They should always be available to needy and oppressed persons " from whatever part of the realm " and of whatever rank , to bring their cases to the king 's ear . 
But they have fundamentally different attitudes about how the federal government should go about helping poor people .
Compared with Bergen , Passaic has many more people who are poor and Spanish-speaking and receive housing aid and they should not have to travel elsewhere for legal aid , he says .
` It is manifestly unjust that a privileged few should continue to accumulate excess goods , squandering available resources while masses of people are living in conditions of misery . 
He was a prosperous farmer who had sent his son to Balliol -- a college which owned land in the parish -- with the intention that he should eventually be ordained . 
On and on he droned about how we should n't fear death but welcome the joys of heaven , so I picked up my two horse pistols and gave the sod both barrels . 
The area patrol is different from the single patrol in that : 1- It has a vehicle equipped with a machine gun 2- It can use horses to canvass the area , but the patrol should be formed of 2 or 3 people at least
In October 1991 , the Iranian vice president said that if Israel kept its atomic bombs then Muslims should collectively develop their own .
It made her feel as if she should be sharpening her sword in preparation . 
There should have been shouting and huge double-edged swords slicing the air , and giant bonfires with wild , roaring flames . 
The speaker of the Iranian parliament publicly stated in 1988 that `` ... we should fully equip ourselves in defensive and offensive use of chemical , bacteriological , and radiological weapons . ''
The patrol should be armed with light weapon such as Kalashnikovs and RPGs , and cover the area on foot .
It is intolerable that the denial of humanitarian assistance should be used as a weapon of war .
The Japanese seem baffled , rather than angry , that America should allow people freely to carry handguns ( which are banned in Japan ) , and to shoot intruders . 
The policy review concluded that the United States should seek `` improved implementation of the Agreed Framework , verifiable constraints on North Korea 's missile program , a ban on missile exports , and a less threatening North Korean conventional military posture . ''
Netanyahu also said the world should pay equal attention to Iraq 's eastern neighbor , Iran , which is trying to acquire ballistic missiles and non-conventional weapons abilities .
When choosing a bow you should try to acquire above all others the mountain bow of Ghazna .
` Why should they have to look at naked women all the time ? 
Should he wear a corset ? 
At dinner after a meeting in 1838 , a guest suggested that on the following year all house-guests should wear the costumes of knights and their ladies . 
Should you glimpse topless mermaids … just look the other way . 
The masked figure stepped ponderously off the dais , sat down at the baize-covered table and indicated with a gloved hand that I should join him . 
3- The Kiosk should be designed to stand all weather conditions , and provide a full coverage of the area it is placed at .
LEAs will probably be reluctant to use this power and rather uncertain as to the kinds of circumstances when it should be exercised .
` In all honesty , though I should be loth to say of any man that he is capable of killing , I dare not say of any man that he is wholly incapable of it .
They believe Britain should pull out of the project and find another weapon to fill the same role .
It should not have become a synonym for adoption . 
He questions whether the word ` active " should be understood as an antonym of ` reflective " or ` critical " . 
Requirements of joining AL QAEDA : 1 - Abiding by AL QAEDA rules , its beliefs and objectives as previously mentioned 2 - Obedience to the leaders in charge as much as possible , without disobeying Islamic rules 3 - No connection between AL QAEDA membership and any other Islamic group 4 - Maintain secrecy in work-related issues 5- Physically healthy ( except in administrative work ) 6- The candidate should not be in question when it comes to religion , integrity or his morality 7- Reciting the pledge of AL-QAEDA .
" It is impossible that Emma should not miss such a companion ," said Mr . Knightley .
" We should not like her so well as we do , sir , if we could suppose it ; but she knows how much the marriage is to Miss Taylor ' s advantage ; she knows how very acceptable it must be , at Miss Taylor ' s time of life , to be settled in a home of her own , and how important to her to be secure of a comfortable provision , and therefore cannot allow herself to feel so much pain as pleasure .
It was most unlikely , therefore , that he should ever want his father ' s assistance .
Now , upon his father ' s marriage , it was very generally proposed , as a most proper attention , that the visit should take place .
Encouragement should be given .
Those soft blue eyes , and all those natural graces , should not be wasted on the inferior society of Highbury and its connexions .
Emma was obliged to fancy what she liked -- but she could never believe that in the same situation _she_ should not have discovered the truth .
Emma encouraged her talkativeness -- amused by such a picture of another set of beings , and enjoying the youthful simplicity which could speak with so much exultation of Mrs . Martin ' s having " _two_ parlours , two very good parlours , indeed ; one of them quite as large as Mrs . Goddard ' s drawing - room ; and of her having an upper maid who had lived five - and - twenty years with her ; and of their having eight cows , two of them Alderneys , and one a little Welch cow , a very pretty little Welch cow indeed ; and of Mrs . Martin ' s saying as she was so fond of it , it should be called _her_ cow ; and of their having a very handsome summer - house in their garden , where some day next year they were all to drink tea :-- a very handsome summer - house , large enough to hold a dozen people ."
It is not likely you should ever have observed him ; but he knows you very well indeed -- I mean by sight ."
Whatever money he might come into when his father died , whatever his share of the family property , it is , I dare say , all afloat , all employed in his stock , and so forth ; and though , with diligence and good luck , he may be rich in time , it is next to impossible that he should have realised any thing yet ."
I want to see you permanently well connected , and to that end it will be advisable to have as few odd acquaintance as may be ; and , therefore , I say that if you should still be in this country when Mr . Martin marries , I wish you may not be drawn in by your intimacy with the sisters , to be acquainted with the wife , who will probably be some mere farmer ' s daughter , without education ."
I shall always have a great regard for the Miss Martins , especially Elizabeth , and should be very sorry to give them up , for they are quite as well educated as me .
So very odd we should happen to meet !
I should be surprized if , after seeing them , you could be in company with Mr . Martin again without perceiving him to be a very inferior creature -- and rather wondering at yourself for having ever thought him at all agreeable before .
The older a person grows , Harriet , the more important it is that their manners should not be bad ; the more glaring and disgusting any loudness , or coarseness , or awkwardness becomes .
He was a great deal too full of the market to think of any thing else -- which is just as it should be , for a thriving man .
It was not likely , however , that any body should have equalled her in the date of the plan , as it had entered her brain during the very first evening of Harriet ' s coming to Hartfield .
We were speaking of it only yesterday , and agreeing how fortunate it was for Emma , that there should be such a girl in Highbury for her to associate with .
" I should have been sorry , Mr . Knightley , to be dependent on _your_ recommendation , had I quitted Mr . Woodhouse ' s family and wanted another situation ; I do not think you would have spoken a good word for me to any body .
You might not give Emma such a complete education as your powers would seem to promise ; but you were receiving a very good education from _her_ , on the very material matrimonial point of submitting your own will , and doing as you were bid ; and if Weston had asked me to recommend him a wife , I should certainly have named Miss Taylor ."
Pray excuse me ; but supposing any little inconvenience may be apprehended from the intimacy , it cannot be expected that Emma , accountable to nobody but her father , who perfectly approves the acquaintance , should put an end to it , so long as it is a source of pleasure to herself .
I should like to see Emma in love , and in some doubt of a return ; it would do her good .
How completely it meant , ` why should my picture be drawn ?'"
I should have made a good likeness of her , if she would have sat longer , but she was in such a hurry to have me draw her four children that she would not be quiet .
" Might he be trusted with the commission , what infinite pleasure should he have in executing it !
It was impossible to say how much he should be gratified by being employed on such an errand ."
" I should say so , but that I suppose there may be a hundred different ways of being in love .
And he wrote as if he really loved her very much -- but she did not know -- and so , she was come as fast as she could to ask Miss Woodhouse what she should do .--" Emma was half - ashamed of her friend for seeming so pleased and so doubtful .
" I lay it down as a general rule , Harriet , that if a woman _doubts_ as to whether she should accept a man or not , she certainly ought to refuse him .
no , I am sure you are a great deal too kind to -- but if you would just advise me what I had best do -- No , no , I do not mean that -- As you say , one ' s mind ought to be quite made up -- One should not be hesitating -- It is a very serious thing .-- It will be safer to say ` No ,' perhaps .-- Do you think I had better say ` No ?'"
If you prefer Mr . Martin to every other person ; if you think him the most agreeable man you have ever been in company with , why should you hesitate ?
" Dear me !-- How should I ever have borne it !
" I do not think he is conceited either , in general ," said Harriet , her conscience opposing such censure ; " at least , he is very good natured , and I shall always feel much obliged to him , and have a great regard for -- but that is quite a different thing from -- and you know , though he may like me , it does not follow that I should -- and certainly I must confess that since my visiting here I have seen people -- and if one comes to compare them , person and manners , there is no comparison at all , _one_ is so very handsome and agreeable .
The looking over his letter again , in replying to it , had such a softening tendency , that it was particularly necessary to brace her up with a few decisive expressions ; and she was so very much concerned at the idea of making him unhappy , and thought so much of what his mother and sisters would think and say , and was so anxious that they should not fancy her ungrateful , that Emma believed if the young man had come in her way at that moment , he would have been accepted after all .
" And I am sure I should never want to go there ; for I am never happy but at Hartfield ."
" One should be sorry to see greater pride or refinement in the teacher of a school , Harriet .
Harriet blushed and smiled , and said something about wondering that people should like her so much .
She was obliged to go the next morning for an hour or two to Mrs . Goddard ' s , but it was then to be settled that she should return to Hartfield , to make a regular visit of some days .
I should be mortified indeed if I did not believe I had been of some use ; but it is not every body who will bestow praise where they may .
Now , as we may fairly suppose , he would not allow much time to pass before he spoke to the lady , and as he does not appear to have spoken yesterday , it is not unlikely that he should be at Mrs . Goddard ' s to - day ; and she may be detained by a visitor , without thinking him at all a tiresome wretch ."
to be sure ," cried Emma , " it is always incomprehensible to a man that a woman should ever refuse an offer of marriage .
" And if I did , ( which , however , I am far from allowing ) I should not feel that I had done wrong .
Mr . Martin is a very respectable young man , but I cannot admit him to be Harriet ' s equal ; and am rather surprized indeed that he should have ventured to address her .
I wonder you should think it possible for me to have such feelings .
Miss Nash had told her all this , and had talked a great deal more about Mr . Elton ; and said , looking so very significantly at her , " that she did not pretend to understand what his business might be , but she only knew that any woman whom Mr . Elton could prefer , she should think the luckiest woman in the world ; for , beyond a doubt , Mr . Elton had not his equal for beauty or agreeableness ."
but he hoped he should in time ."
It was by no means his daughter ' s wish that the intellects of Highbury in general should be put under requisition .
He was invited to contribute any really good enigmas , charades , or conundrums that he might recollect ; and she had the pleasure of seeing him most intently at work with his recollections ; and at the same time , as she could perceive , most earnestly careful that nothing ungallant , nothing that did not breathe a compliment to the sex should pass his lips .
" When Miss Smiths and Mr . Eltons get acquainted -- they do indeed -- and really it is strange ; it is out of the common course that what is so evidently , so palpably desirable -- what courts the pre - arrangement of other people , should so immediately shape itself into the proper form .
" That Mr . Elton should really be in love with me ,-- me , of all people , who did not know him , to speak to him , at Michaelmas !
If they are anxious to see you _happily_ married , here is a man whose amiable character gives every assurance of it ;-- if they wish to have you settled in the same country and circle which they have chosen to place you in , here it will be accomplished ; and if their only object is that you should , in the common phrase , be _well_ married , here is the comfortable fortune , the respectable establishment , the rise in the world which must satisfy them ."
" Leave out the two last lines , and there is no reason why you should not write it into your book ."
Why should there be any change ?"
" But I do not see why poor Isabella should be obliged to go back so soon , though he does .
His ostensible reason , however , was to ask whether Mr . Woodhouse ' s party could be made up in the evening without him , or whether he should be in the smallest degree necessary at Hartfield .
" I do so wonder , Miss Woodhouse , that you should not be married , or going to be married !
And , without love , I am sure I should be a fool to change such a situation as mine .
" That is as formidable an image as you could present , Harriet ; and if I thought I should ever be like Miss Bates !
" If I know myself , Harriet , mine is an active , busy mind , with a great many independent resources ; and I do not perceive why I should be more in want of employment at forty or fifty than one - and - twenty .
at least , that I should ever bore people half so much about all the Knightleys together , as she does about Jane Fairfax .
His visit he would now defer ; but they had a very interesting parley about what could be done and should be done .
I should not wonder if it were to bring on the declaration .
She was obliged to leave the door ajar as she found it ; but she fully intended that Mr . Elton should close it .
He was not an ill - tempered man , not so often unreasonably cross as to deserve such a reproach ; but his temper was not his great perfection ; and , indeed , with such a worshipping wife , it was hardly possible that any natural defects in it should not be increased .
" Just as it should be ," said Mr . John Knightley , " and just as I hoped it was from your letters .
" Me , my love ," cried his wife , hearing and understanding only in part .-- " Are you talking about me ?-- I am sure nobody ought to be , or can be , a greater advocate for matrimony than I am ; and if it had not been for the misery of her leaving Hartfield , I should never have thought of Miss Taylor but as the most fortunate woman in the world ; and as to slighting Mr . Weston , that excellent Mr . Weston , I think there is nothing he does not deserve .
" But you should tell them of the letter , my dear ," said her father .
But how sad it is that he should not live at home with his father !
Mr . Knightley was to dine with them -- rather against the inclination of Mr . Woodhouse , who did not like that any one should share with him in Isabella ' s first day .
" Mr . Wingfield most strenuously recommended it , sir -- or we should not have gone .
" It is not very likely , my dear , that bathing should have been of use to her -- and if I had known you were wanting an embrocation , I would have spoken to --
I should be unwilling , I own , to live in any other part of the town ;-- there is hardly any other that I could be satisfied to have my children in : but _we_ are so remarkably airy !-- Mr .
" But why should you be sorry , sir ?-- I assure you , it did the children a great deal of good ."
" You should have gone to Cromer , my dear , if you went anywhere .-- Perry was a week at Cromer once , and he holds it to be the best of all the sea - bathing places .
You should have consulted Perry ."
my dear , as Perry says , where health is at stake , nothing else should be considered ; and if one is to travel , there is not much to chuse between forty miles and an hundred .-- Better not move at all , better stay in London altogether than travel forty miles to get into a worse air .
He paused -- and growing cooler in a moment , added , with only sarcastic dryness , " If Mr . Perry can tell me how to convey a wife and five children a distance of an hundred and thirty miles with no greater expense or inconvenience than a distance of forty , I should be as willing to prefer Cromer to South End as he could himself ."
I should not attempt it , if it were to be the means of inconvenience to the Highbury people , but if you call to mind exactly the present line of the path .
The evening before this great event ( for it was a very great event that Mr . Woodhouse should dine out , on the 24th of December ) had been spent by Harriet at Hartfield , and she had gone home so much indisposed with a cold , that , but for her own earnest wish of being nursed by Mrs . Goddard , Emma could not have allowed her to leave the house .
Indeed you should take care of yourself as well as of your friend .
" It is so cold , so very cold -- and looks and feels so very much like snow , that if it were to any other place or with any other party , I should really try not to go out to - day -- and dissuade my father from venturing ; but as he has made up his mind , and does not seem to feel the cold himself , I do not like to interfere , as I know it would be so great a disappointment to Mr . and Mrs . Weston .
But , upon my word , Mr . Elton , in your case , I should certainly excuse myself .
Soon afterwards Mr . Elton quitted them , and she could not but do him the justice of feeling that there was a great deal of sentiment in his manner of naming Harriet at parting ; in the tone of his voice while assuring her that he should call at Mrs . Goddard ' s for news of her fair friend , the last thing before he prepared for the happiness of meeting her again , when he hoped to be able to give a better report ; and he sighed and smiled himself off in a way that left the balance of approbation much in his favour .
If we were obliged to go out such an evening as this , by any call of duty or business , what a hardship we should deem it ;-- and here are we , probably with rather thinner clothing than usual , setting forward voluntarily , without excuse , in defiance of the voice of nature , which tells man , in every thing given to his view or his feelings , to stay at home himself , and keep all under shelter that he can ;-- here are we setting forward to spend five dull hours in another man ' s house , with nothing to say or to hear that was not said and heard yesterday , and may not be said and heard again to - morrow .
This was very proper ; the sigh which accompanied it was really estimable ; but it should have lasted longer .
Mr . Woodhouse had been safely seated long enough to give the history of it , besides all the history of his own and Isabella ' s coming , and of Emma ' s being to follow , and had indeed just got to the end of his satisfaction that James should come and see his daughter , when the others appeared , and Mrs . Weston , who had been almost wholly engrossed by her attentions to him , was able to turn away and welcome her dear Emma .
I should like to see two more here ,-- your pretty little friend , Miss Smith , and my son -- and then I should say we were quite complete .
" I am sorry there should be any thing like doubt in the case ," replied Emma ; " but am disposed to side with you , Mr . Weston .
And it is no small credit , in my opinion , to him , that he should excite such an affection ; for , though I would not say it to any body else , she has no more heart than a stone to people in general ; and the devil of a temper ."
Emma liked the subject so well , that she began upon it , to Mrs . Weston , very soon after their moving into the drawing - room : wishing her joy -- yet observing , that she knew the first meeting must be rather alarming .-- Mrs . Weston agreed to it ; but added , that she should be very glad to be secure of undergoing the anxiety of a first meeting at the time talked of : " for I cannot depend upon his coming .
She should then have heard more : Mrs . Weston would speak to her , with a degree of unreserve which she would not hazard with Isabella ; and , she really believed , would scarcely try to conceal any thing relative to the Churchills from her , excepting those views on the young man , of which her own imagination had already given her such instinctive knowledge .
Now , according to my idea of Mrs . Churchill , it would be most natural , that while she makes no sacrifice for the comfort of the husband , to whom she owes every thing , while she exercises incessant caprice towards _him_ , she should frequently be governed by the nephew , to whom she owes nothing at all ."
But at last there seemed a perverse turn ; it seemed all at once as if he were more afraid of its being a bad sore throat on her account , than on Harriet ' s -- more anxious that she should escape the infection , than that there should be no infection in the complaint .
Mr . Weston , with triumph of a different sort , was confessing that he had known it to be snowing some time , but had not said a word , lest it should make Mr . Woodhouse uncomfortable , and be an excuse for his hurrying away .
The horror of being blocked up at Randalls , while her children were at Hartfield , was full in her imagination ; and fancying the road to be now just passable for adventurous people , but in a state that admitted no delay , she was eager to have it settled , that her father and Emma should remain at Randalls , while she and her husband set forward instantly through all the possible accumulations of drifted snow that might impede them .
I should not mind walking half the way .
" He was afraid they should have a very bad drive .
He perfectly knew his own meaning ; and having warmly protested against her suspicion as most injurious , and slightly touched upon his respect for Miss Smith as her friend ,-- but acknowledging his wonder that Miss Smith should be mentioned at all ,-- he resumed the subject of his own passion , and was very urgent for a favourable answer .
As to myself , I am very sorry that you should have been giving way to any feelings -- Nothing could be farther from my wishes -- your attachment to my friend Harriet -- your pursuit of her , ( pursuit , it appeared ,) gave me great pleasure , and I have been very earnestly wishing you success : but had I supposed that she were not your attraction to Hartfield , I should certainly have thought you judged ill in making your visits so frequent .
_I_ think seriously of Miss Smith !-- Miss Smith is a very good sort of girl ; and I should be happy to see her respectably settled .
But -- that he should talk of encouragement , should consider her as aware of his views , accepting his attentions , meaning ( in short ), to marry him !-- should suppose himself her equal in connexion or mind !-- look down upon her friend , so well understanding the gradations of rank below him , and be so blind to what rose above , as to fancy himself shewing no presumption in addressing her !-- It was most provoking .
If _she_ had so misinterpreted his feelings , she had little right to wonder that _he_ , with self - interest to blind him , should have mistaken hers .
That was well done of me ; but there I should have stopped , and left the rest to time and chance .
It was a great consolation that Mr . Elton should not be really in love with her , or so particularly amiable as to make it shocking to disappoint him -- that Harriet ' s nature should not be of that superior sort in which the feelings are most acute and retentive -- and that there could be no necessity for any body ' s knowing what had passed except the three principals , and especially for her father ' s being given a moment ' s uneasiness about it .
The evening of the very day on which they went brought a note from Mr . Elton to Mr . Woodhouse , a long , civil , ceremonious note , to say , with Mr . Elton ' s best compliments , " that he was proposing to leave Highbury the following morning in his way to Bath ; where , in compliance with the pressing entreaties of some friends , he had engaged to spend a few weeks , and very much regretted the impossibility he was under , from various circumstances of weather and business , of taking a personal leave of Mr . Woodhouse , of whose friendly civilities he should ever retain a grateful sense -- and had Mr . Woodhouse any commands , should be happy to attend to them ."
She had reason to believe her nearly recovered from her cold , and it was desirable that she should have as much time as possible for getting the better of her other complaint before the gentleman ' s return .
The confession completely renewed her first shame -- and the sight of Harriet ' s tears made her think that she should never be in charity with herself again .
She wanted , rather , to be quiet , and out of temptation ; but still , as it was desirable that she should appear , in general , like her usual self , she took care to express as much interest in the circumstance , and enter as warmly into Mr . and Mrs . Weston ' s disappointment , as might naturally belong to their friendship .
" I do not know why you should say so .
It is a great deal more natural than one could wish , that a young man , brought up by those who are proud , luxurious , and selfish , should be proud , luxurious , and selfish too .
" It is not to be conceived that a man of three or four - and - twenty should not have liberty of mind or limb to that amount .
I should be as ready to acknowledge his merits as any other man ; but I hear of none , except what are merely personal ; that he is well - grown and good - looking , with smooth , plausible manners ."
" He is a person I never think of from one month ' s end to another ," said Mr . Knightley , with a degree of vexation , which made Emma immediately talk of something else , though she could not comprehend why he should be angry .
But it is very remarkable that she should always hear Jane better than she does me .
That is the reason of her writing out of rule , as we call it ; for , in the common course , we should not have heard from her before next Tuesday or Wednesday ."
No , we should not have heard , if it had not been for this particular circumstance , of her being to come here so soon .
Jane has heard a great deal of its beauty ; from Mr . Dixon , I mean -- I do not know that she ever heard about it from any body else ; but it was very natural , you know , that he should like to speak of his own place while he was paying his addresses -- and as Jane used to be very often walking out with them -- for Colonel and Mrs . Campbell were very particular about their daughter ' s not walking out often with only Mr . Dixon , for which I do not at all blame them ; of course she heard every thing he might be telling Miss Campbell about his own home in Ireland ; and I think she wrote us word that he had shewn them some drawings of the place , views that he had taken himself .
" You must feel it very fortunate that Miss Fairfax should be allowed to come to you at such a time .
The very thing that we have always been rather afraid of ; for we should not have liked to have her at such a distance from us , for months together -- not able to come if any thing was to happen .
" Yes -- entirely her own doing , entirely her own choice ; and Colonel and Mrs . Campbell think she does quite right , just what they should recommend ; and indeed they particularly _wish_ her to try her native air , as she has not been quite so well as usual lately ."
so considerate !-- But however , she is so far from well , that her kind friends the Campbells think she had better come home , and try an air that always agrees with her ; and they have no doubt that three or four months at Highbury will entirely cure her -- and it is certainly a great deal better that she should come here , than go to Ireland , if she is unwell .
Nobody could nurse her , as we should do ."
The plan was that she should be brought up for educating others ; the very few hundred pounds which she inherited from her father making independence impossible .
She had long resolved that one - and - twenty should be the period .
She had never been quite well since the time of their daughter ' s marriage ; and till she should have completely recovered her usual strength , they must forbid her engaging in duties , which , so far from being compatible with a weakened frame and varying spirits , seemed , under the most favourable circumstances , to require something more than human perfection of body and mind to be discharged with tolerable comfort .
" It is a great pity that their circumstances should be so confined !
By his style , I should imagine it just settled ."
At the same time , nobody could wonder if Mr . Elton should have aspired -- Miss Woodhouse lets me chatter on , so good - humouredly .
-- Ford ' s was the principal woollen - draper , linen - draper , and haberdasher ' s shop united ; the shop first in size and fashion in the place .--" And so , there she had set , without an idea of any thing in the world , full ten minutes , perhaps -- when , all of a sudden , who should come in -- to be sure it was so very odd !-- but they always dealt at Ford ' s -- who should come in , but Elizabeth Martin and her brother !-- Dear Miss Woodhouse !
I thought I should have fainted .
By that time , it was beginning to hold up , and I was determined that nothing should stop me from getting away -- and then -- only think !-- I found he was coming up towards me too -- slowly you know , and as if he did not quite know what to do ; and so he came and spoke , and I answered -- and I stood for a minute , feeling dreadfully , you know , one can ' t tell how ; and then I took courage , and said it did not rain , and I must go ; and so off I set ; and I had not got three yards from the door , when he came after me , only to say , if I was going to Hartfield , he thought I had much better go round by Mr . Cole ' s stables , for I should find the near way quite floated by this rain .
After much thinking , she could determine on nothing better , than Harriet ' s returning the visit ; but in a way that , if they had understanding , should convince them that it was to be only a formal acquaintance .
They were so deserving , that a _little_ higher should have been enough : but as it was , how could she have done otherwise ?-- Impossible !-- She could not repent .
But neither geography nor tranquillity could come all at once , and Emma was now in a humour to resolve that they should both come in time .
She felt immediately that she should like him ; and there was a well - bred ease of manner , and a readiness to talk , which convinced her that he came intending to be acquainted with her , and that acquainted they soon must be .
" It is a great pleasure where one can indulge in it ," said the young man , " though there are not many houses that I should presume on so far ; but in coming _home_ I felt I might do any thing ."
That he should never have been able to indulge so amiable a feeling before , passed suspiciously through Emma ' s brain ; but still , if it were a falsehood , it was a pleasant one , and pleasantly handled .
" You cannot see too much perfection in Mrs . Weston for my feelings ," said Emma ; " were you to guess her to be _eighteen_ , I should listen with pleasure ; but _she_ would be ready to quarrel with you for using such words .
" I hope I should know better ," he replied ; " no , depend upon it , ( with a gallant bow ,) that in addressing Mrs . Weston I should understand whom I might praise without any danger of being thought extravagant in my terms ."
I shall have no difficulty , I suppose , in finding the house ; though Fairfax , I believe , is not the proper name -- I should rather say Barnes , or Bates .
And , besides , I must give you a hint , Frank ; any want of attention to her _here_ should be carefully avoided .
He had been sitting with her , it appeared , most companionably at home , till her usual hour of exercise ; and on being desired to chuse their walk , immediately fixed on Highbury .--" He did not doubt there being very pleasant walks in every direction , but if left to him , he should always chuse the same .
If he were deficient there , nothing should make amends for it .
Its character as a ball - room caught him ; and instead of passing on , he stopt for several minutes at the two superior sashed windows which were open , to look in and contemplate its capabilities , and lament that its original purpose should have ceased .
Ten minutes would have been all that was necessary , perhaps all that was proper ; and I had told my father I should certainly be at home before him -- but there was no getting away , no pause ; and , to my utter astonishment , I found , when he ( finding me nowhere else ) joined me there at last , that I had been actually sitting with them very nearly three - quarters of an hour .
" I have known her from a child , undoubtedly ; we have been children and women together ; and it is natural to suppose that we should be intimate ,-- that we should have taken to each other whenever she visited her friends .
Nothing should tempt _her_ to go , if they did ; and she regretted that her father ' s known habits would be giving her refusal less meaning than she could wish .
She felt that she should like to have had the power of refusal ; and afterwards , as the idea of the party to be assembled there , consisting precisely of those whose society was dearest to her , occurred again and again , she did not know that she might not have been tempted to accept .
I am sorry Mr . and Mrs . Cole should have done it .
" He should be happy to see Mrs . Goddard .
He had a great regard for Mrs . Goddard ; and Emma should write a line , and invite her .
I should be extremely sorry to be giving them any pain .
I have no fears at all for myself ; and I should have no scruples of staying as late as Mrs . Weston , but on your account .
He did , on the condition of some promises on her side : such as that , if she came home cold , she would be sure to warm herself thoroughly ; if hungry , that she would take something to eat ; that her own maid should sit up for her ; and that Serle and the butler should see that every thing were safe in the house , as usual .
" This is coming as you should do ," said she ; " like a gentleman .-- I am quite glad to see you ."
He thanked her , observing , " How lucky that we should arrive at the same moment !
" Yes I should , I am sure I should .
She knows their ways best ; but I should not consider their silence as any reason for their not meaning to make the present .
" I declare , I do not know when I have heard any thing that has given me more satisfaction !-- It always has quite hurt me that Jane Fairfax , who plays so delightfully , should not have an instrument .
" Were you really ?-- Well !-- But you observed nothing of course , for it seems to be a new idea to you .-- If I had been there , I think I should have made some discoveries ."
" And if the Dixons should absolutely deny all knowledge of it we must conclude it to come from the Campbells ."
But when you mentioned Mrs . Dixon , I felt how much more probable that it should be the tribute of warm female friendship .
In so large a party it was not necessary that Emma should approach her .
I am amazed that you should think of such a thing ."
Why should he marry ?-- He is as happy as possible by himself ; with his farm , and his sheep , and his library , and all the parish to manage ; and he is extremely fond of his brother ' s children .
The interest he takes in her -- his anxiety about her health -- his concern that she should have no happier prospect !
" I have heard him lamenting her having no instrument repeatedly ; oftener than I should suppose such a circumstance would , in the common course of things , occur to him ."
It is not that I am without the wish ; but you know how impossible my father would deem it that James should put - to for such a purpose ."
I should have expected better judgment in Colonel Campbell ."
I do not know what she meant , but she asked me if I thought I should go and stay there again next summer ."
" She meant to be impertinently curious , just as such an Anne Cox should be ."
I should be quite in the way .
" Well -- if you advise it .-- But ( with a smile ) if Colonel Campbell should have employed a careless friend , and if it should prove to have an indifferent tone -- what shall I say ?
" Should I send it to Mrs . Goddard ' s , ma ' am ?"
" Aye , that will be much best ," said Harriet , quite satisfied , " I should not at all like to have it sent to Mrs .
And , by the bye , every body ought to have two pair of spectacles ; they should indeed .
So I begged he would not -- for really as to ours being gone , I could not absolutely say that we had a great many left -- it was but half a dozen indeed ; but they should be all kept for Jane ; and I could not at all bear that he should be sending us more , so liberal as he had been already ; and Jane said the same .
And when he was gone , she almost quarrelled with me -- No , I should not say quarrelled , for we never had a quarrel in our lives ; but she was quite distressed that I had owned the apples were so nearly gone ; she wished I had made him believe we had a great many left .
She could not bear that her master should not be able to have another apple - tart this spring .
He contrived that she should be seated by him ; and was sufficiently employed in looking out the best baked apple for her , and trying to make her help or advise him in his work , till Jane Fairfax was quite ready to sit down to the pianoforte again .
And ( raising his voice still more ) I do not see why Miss Fairfax should not be mentioned too .
You should not have done it , indeed you should not .
His first proposition and request , that the dance begun at Mr . Cole ' s should be finished there -- that the same party should be collected , and the same musician engaged , met with the readiest acquiescence .
Either because he did not dance himself , or because the plan had been formed without his being consulted , he seemed resolved that it should not interest him , determined against its exciting any present curiosity , or affording him any future amusement .
" This sensation of listlessness , weariness , stupidity , this disinclination to sit down and employ myself , this feeling of every thing ' s being dull and insipid about the house !-- I must be in love ; I should be the oddest creature in the world if I were not -- for a few weeks at least .
I should be sorry to be more ."
Compliments , charades , and horrible blunders ; and it was not to be supposed that poor Harriet should not be recollecting too ; but she behaved very well , and was only rather pale and silent .
" I am not at all surprized that he should have fallen in love ."
They will have their barouche - landau , of course , which holds four perfectly ; and therefore , without saying any thing of _our_ carriage , we should be able to explore the different beauties extremely well .
Why does not he try Bath ?-- Indeed he should .
I honestly said as much to Mr . E . when he was speaking of my future home , and expressing his fears lest the retirement of it should be disagreeable ; and the inferiority of the house too -- knowing what I had been accustomed to -- of course he was not wholly without apprehension .
" I should hope not ; but really when I look around among my acquaintance , I tremble .
And to propose that she and I should unite to form a musical club !
Weston !-- Astonished that the person who had brought me up should be a gentlewoman !
I made the best excuses I could for not having been able to wait on him and Mrs . Elton on this happy occasion ; I said that I hoped I _should_ in the course of the summer .
" But , my dear papa , you are no friend to matrimony ; and therefore why should you be so anxious to pay your respects to a _bride_ ?
And I should never have expected you to be lending your sanction to such vanity - baits for poor young ladies ."
_We_ have carriages to fetch and convey her home , and _we_ live in a style which could not make the addition of Jane Fairfax , at any time , the least inconvenient .-- I should be extremely displeased if Wright were to send us up such a dinner , as could make me regret having asked _more_ than Jane Fairfax to partake of it .
It is not likely that I _should_ , considering what I have been used to .
Emma ' s only surprize was that Jane Fairfax should accept those attentions and tolerate Mrs . Elton as she seemed to do .
" Such attentions as Mrs . Elton ' s , I should have imagined , would rather disgust than gratify Miss Fairfax .
Mrs . Elton ' s invitations I should have imagined any thing but inviting ."
" I should not wonder ," said Mrs . Weston , " if Miss Fairfax were to have been drawn on beyond her own inclination , by her aunt ' s eagerness in accepting Mrs . Elton ' s civilities for her .
" So you have been settling that I should marry Jane Fairfax ?"
" Why , really , dear Emma , I say that he is so very much occupied by the idea of _not_ being in love with her , that I should not wonder if it were to end in his being so at last .
In the course of the spring she must return their civilities by one very superior party -- in which her card - tables should be set out with their separate candles and unbroken packs in the true style -- and more waiters engaged for the evening than their own establishment could furnish , to carry round the refreshments at exactly the proper hour , and in the proper order .
They must not do less than others , or she should be exposed to odious suspicions , and imagined capable of pitiful resentment .
After Emma had talked about it for ten minutes , Mr . Woodhouse felt no unwillingness , and only made the usual stipulation of not sitting at the bottom of the table himself , with the usual regular difficulty of deciding who should do it for him .
" Not a walk in the rain , I should imagine ."
" I must not hope to be ever situated as you are , in the midst of every dearest connexion , and therefore I cannot expect that simply growing older should make me indifferent about letters ."
Young ladies should take care of themselves .-- Young ladies are delicate plants .
They should take care of their health and their complexion .
But for that reason , I should imagine the likeness must be chiefly confined to the females , for boys have very little teaching after an early age , and scramble into any hand they can get .
She was quite determined not to utter a word that should hurt Jane Fairfax ' s feelings ; and they followed the other ladies out of the room , arm in arm , with an appearance of good - will highly becoming to the beauty and grace of each .
" Excuse me , ma ' am , but this is by no means my intention ; I make no inquiry myself , and should be sorry to have any made by my friends .
But I only mean to say that there are advertising offices , and that by applying to them I should have no doubt of very soon meeting with something that would do ."
" You are very obliging ; but as to all that , I am very indifferent ; it would be no object to me to be with the rich ; my mortifications , I think , would only be the greater ; I should suffer more from comparison .
A gentleman ' s family is all that I should condition for ."
John Knightley only was in mute astonishment .-- That a man who might have spent his evening quietly at home after a day of business in London , should set off again , and walk half a mile to another man ' s house , for the sake of being in mixed company till bed - time , of finishing his day in the efforts of civility and the noise of numbers , was a circumstance to strike him deeply .
May is the very month which Mrs . Churchill is ordered , or has ordered herself , to spend in some warmer place than Enscombe -- in short , to spend in London ; so that we have the agreeable prospect of frequent visits from Frank the whole spring -- precisely the season of the year which one should have chosen for it : days almost at the longest ; weather genial and pleasant , always inviting one out , and never too hot for exercise .
If she is ill I should be sorry to do her injustice ; but there are some traits in her character which make it difficult for me to speak of her with the forbearance I could wish .
I should like to know how many of all my numerous engagements take place without your being of the party ; and why I am to be supposed in danger of wanting leisure to attend to the little boys .
But you , ( turning to Mr . Knightley ,) who know how very , very seldom I am ever two hours from Hartfield , why you should foresee such a series of dissipation for me , I cannot imagine .
If a separation of two months should not have cooled him , there were dangers and evils before her :-- caution for him and for herself would be necessary .
They all walked about together , to see that every thing was as it should be ; and within a few minutes were joined by the contents of another carriage , which Emma could not hear the sound of at first , without great surprize .
You know I candidly told you I should form my own opinion ; and I am happy to say that I am extremely pleased with him .-- You may believe me .
Mrs . Elton had most kindly sent Jane a note , or we should have been .-- But two such offers in one day !-- Never were such neighbours .
" Mrs . Gilbert does not mean to dance , but there is a young lady disengaged whom I should be very glad to see dancing -- Miss Smith ."
Any thing else I should be most happy to do , at your command -- but my dancing days are over ."
Excellent dancing indeed !-- Yes , my dear , I ran home , as I said I should , to help grandmama to bed , and got back again , and nobody missed me .-- I set off without saying a word , just as I told you .
I should not be helped so soon , but it smells most excellent , and I cannot help beginning ."
It was not possible that the occurrence should not be strongly recommending each to the other .
" Miss Woodhouse -- if you are at leisure -- I have something that I should like to tell you -- a sort of confession to make -- and then , you know , it will be over ."
As I am happily quite an altered creature in _one_ _respect_ , it is very fit that you should have the satisfaction of knowing it .
I should not have thought it possible you could forget what passed in this very room about court - plaister , one of the very last times we ever met in it !-- It was but a very few days before I had my sore throat -- just before Mr . and Mrs . John Knightley came -- I think the very evening .-- Do not you remember his cutting his finger with your new penknife , and your recommending court - plaister ?-- But , as you had none about you , and knew I had , you desired me to supply him ; and so I took mine out and cut him a piece ; but it was a great deal too large , and he cut it smaller , and kept playing some time with what was left , before he gave it back to me .
when should I ever have thought of putting by in cotton a piece of court - plaister that Frank Churchill had been pulling about !
Emma then looked up , and immediately saw how it was ; and after a moment ' s debate , as to whether it should pass unnoticed or not , replied ,
Should she proceed no farther ?-- should she let it pass , and seem to suspect nothing ?-- Perhaps Harriet might think her cold or angry if she did ; or perhaps if she were totally silent , it might only drive Harriet into asking her to hear too much ; and against any thing like such an unreserve as had been , such an open and frequent discussion of hopes and chances , she was perfectly resolved .-- She believed it would be wiser for her to say and know at once , all that she meant to say and know .
" It is odd though ," observed his father , " that you should have had such a regular connected dream about people whom it was not very likely you should be thinking of at Enscombe .
Mrs . Perry was very anxious that he should have a carriage , and came to my mother in great spirits one morning because she thought she had prevailed .
I am a talker , you know ; I am rather a talker ; and now and then I have let a thing escape me which I should not .
If meant to be immediately mixed with the others , and buried from sight , she should have looked on the table instead of looking just across , for it was not mixed ; and Harriet , eager after every fresh word , and finding out none , directly took it up , and fell to work .
Why should not they explore to Box Hill though the Sucklings did not come ?
It was settled that they should go to Box Hill .
This was so very well understood between them , that Emma could not but feel some surprise , and a little displeasure , on hearing from Mr . Weston that he had been proposing to Mrs . Elton , as her brother and sister had failed her , that the two parties should unite , and go together ; and that as Mrs . Elton had very readily acceded to it , so it was to be , if she had no objection .
I should like it of all things ," was not plainer in words than manner .
" Well -- but if any difficulties should arise , my housekeeper is extremely clever ."
He should like to see the old house again exceedingly , and should be very happy to meet Mr . and Mrs . Elton , and any other of his neighbours .-- He could not see any objection at all to his , and Emma ' s , and Harriet ' s going there some very fine morning .
The invitation was everywhere so well received , that it seemed as if , like Mrs . Elton , they were all taking the scheme as a particular compliment to themselves .-- Emma and Harriet professed very high expectations of pleasure from it ; and Mr . Weston , unasked , promised to get Frank over to join them , if possible ; a proof of approbation and gratitude which could have been dispensed with .-- Mr . Knightley was then obliged to say that he should be glad to see him ; and Mr . Weston engaged to lose no time in writing , and spare no arguments to induce him to come .
Delightful , charming , superior , first circles , spheres , lines , ranks , every thing -- and Mrs . Elton was wild to have the offer closed with immediately .-- On her side , all was warmth , energy , and triumph -- and she positively refused to take her friend ' s negative , though Miss Fairfax continued to assure her that she would not at present engage in any thing , repeating the same motives which she had been heard to urge before .-- Still Mrs . Elton insisted on being authorised to write an acquiescence by the morrow ' s post .-- How Jane could bear it at all , was astonishing to Emma .-- She did look vexed , she did speak pointedly -- and at last , with a decision of action unusual to her , proposed a removal .-- " Should not they walk ?
" Yes -- what should hurt me ?-- I walk fast .
He had been detained by a temporary increase of illness in her ; a nervous seizure , which had lasted some hours -- and he had quite given up every thought of coming , till very late ;-- and had he known how hot a ride he should have , and how late , with all his hurry , he must be , he believed he should not have come at all .
" No -- he should not eat .
I should not like a man who is so soon discomposed by a hot morning .
He was gone long enough to have had a very comfortable meal , and came back all the better -- grown quite cool -- and , with good manners , like himself -- able to draw a chair close to them , take an interest in their employment ; and regret , in a reasonable way , that he should be so late .
While he was so dull , it was no wonder that Harriet should be dull likewise ; and they were both insufferable .
" How much I am obliged to you ," said he , " for telling me to come to - day !-- If it had not been for you , I should certainly have lost all the happiness of this party .
" It is a sort of thing ," cried Mrs . Elton emphatically , " which _I_ should not have thought myself privileged to inquire into .
_Perfection_ should not have come quite so soon ."
Will you chuse a wife for me ?-- I am sure I should like any body fixed on by you .
Her situation should secure your compassion .
Miss Bates should never again -- no , never !
But it should be so no more .
In the warmth of true contrition , she would call upon her the very next morning , and it should be the beginning , on her side , of a regular , equal , kindly intercourse .
She would not let Jane say , ` No ;' for when Jane first heard of it , ( it was the day before yesterday , the very morning we were at Donwell ,) when Jane first heard of it , she was quite decided against accepting the offer , and for the reasons you mention ; exactly as you say , she had made up her mind to close with nothing till Colonel Campbell ' s return , and nothing should induce her to enter into any engagement at present -- and so she told Mrs . Elton over and over again -- and I am sure I had no more idea that she would change her mind !-- but that good Mrs . Elton , whose judgment never fails her , saw farther than I did .
It is not every body that would have stood out in such a kind way as she did , and refuse to take Jane ' s answer ; but she positively declared she would _not_ write any such denial yesterday , as Jane wished her ; she would wait -- and , sure enough , yesterday evening it was all settled that Jane should go .
madam ," cried Emma , " if other children are at all like what I remember to have been myself , I should think five times the amount of what I have ever yet heard named as a salary on such occasions , dearly earned ."
She was warmly gratified -- and in another moment still more so , by a little movement of more than common friendliness on his part .-- He took her hand ;-- whether she had not herself made the first motion , she could not say -- she might , perhaps , have rather offered it -- but he took her hand , pressed it , and certainly was on the point of carrying it to his lips -- when , from some fancy or other , he suddenly let it go .-- Why he should feel such a scruple , why he should change his mind when it was all but done , she could not perceive .-- He would have judged better , she thought , if he had not stopped .-- The intention , however , was indubitable ; and whether it was that his manners had in general so little gallantry , or however else it happened , but she thought nothing became him more .-- It was with him , of so simple , yet so dignified a nature .-- She could not but recall the attempt with great satisfaction .
Knightley .-- Neither would she regret that he should be going to Brunswick Square , for she knew how much his visit would be enjoyed -- but it might have happened at a better time -- and to have had longer notice of it , would have been pleasanter .-- They parted thorough friends , however ; she could not be deceived as to the meaning of his countenance , and his unfinished gallantry ;-- it was all done to assure her that she had fully recovered his good opinion .-- He had been sitting with them half an hour , she found .
and resolved , that his mourning should be as handsome as possible ; and his wife sat sighing and moralising over her broad hems with a commiseration and good sense , true and steady .
All that remained to be wished was , that the nephew should form the attachment , as , with all her goodwill in the cause , Emma could feel no certainty of its being already formed .
I should not have used the expression .
" I have escaped ; and that I should escape , may be a matter of grateful wonder to you and myself .
So unlike what a man should be !-- None of that upright integrity , that strict adherence to truth and principle , that disdain of trick and littleness , which a man should display in every transaction of his life ."
" He told me at parting , that he should soon write ; and he spoke in a manner which seemed to promise me many particulars that could not be given now .
It is not a connexion to gratify ; but if Mr . Churchill does not feel that , why should we ?
and it may be a very fortunate circumstance for him , for Frank , I mean , that he should have attached himself to a girl of such steadiness of character and good judgment as I have always given her credit for -- and still am disposed to give her credit for , in spite of this one great deviation from the strict rule of right .
In spite of her vexation , she could not help feeling it almost ridiculous , that she should have the very same distressing and delicate office to perform by Harriet , which Mrs . Weston had just gone through by herself .
He told me it was to be a great secret ; and , therefore , I should not think of mentioning it to any body but you , but he said you knew it ."
You may be very sure that if I had , I should have cautioned you accordingly ."
" Why should you caution me ?-- You do not think I care about Mr . Frank Churchill ."
She could not speak another word .-- Her voice was lost ; and she sat down , waiting in great terror till Harriet should answer .
" I should not have thought it possible ," she began , " that you could have misunderstood me !
I know we agreed never to name him -- but considering how infinitely superior he is to every body else , I should not have thought it possible that I could be supposed to mean any other person .
And that you should have been so mistaken , is amazing !-- I am sure , but for believing that you entirely approved and meant to encourage me in my attachment , I should have considered it at first too great a presumption almost , to dare to think of him .
At first , if you had not told me that more wonderful things had happened ; that there had been matches of greater disparity ( those were your very words );-- I should not have dared to give way to -- I should not have thought it possible -- But if _you_ , who had been always acquainted with him --"
At least , however , I cannot be worse off than I should have been , if the other had been the person ; and now -- it _is_ possible --"
" I do not wonder , Miss Woodhouse ," she resumed , " that you should feel a great difference between the two , as to me or as to any body .
But you know they were your own words , that _more_ wonderful things had happened , matches of _greater_ disparity had taken place than between Mr . Frank Churchill and me ; and , therefore , it seems as if such a thing even as this , may have occurred before -- and if I should be so fortunate , beyond expression , as to -- if Mr . Knightley should really -- if _he_ does not mind the disparity , I hope , dear Miss Woodhouse , you will not set yourself against it , and try to put difficulties in the way .
Why was it so much worse that Harriet should be in love with Mr . Knightley , than with Frank Churchill ?
Some portion of respect for herself , however , in spite of all these demerits -- some concern for her own appearance , and a strong sense of justice by Harriet --( there would be no need of _compassion_ to the girl who believed herself loved by Mr . Knightley -- but justice required that she should not be made unhappy by any coldness now ,) gave Emma the resolution to sit and endure farther with calmness , with even apparent kindness .-- For her own advantage indeed , it was fit that the utmost extent of Harriet ' s hopes should be enquired into ; and Harriet had done nothing to forfeit the regard and interest which had been so voluntarily formed and maintained -- or to deserve to be slighted by the person , whose counsels had never led her right .-- Rousing from reflection , therefore , and subduing her emotion , she turned to Harriet again , and , in a more inviting accent , renewed the conversation ; for as to the subject which had first introduced it , the wonderful story of Jane Fairfax , that was quite sunk and lost .-- Neither of them thought but of Mr . Knightley and themselves .
" I never should have presumed to think of it at first ," said she , " but for you .
How to understand the deceptions she had been thus practising on herself , and living under !-- The blunders , the blindness of her own head and heart !-- she sat still , she walked about , she tried her own room , she tried the shrubbery -- in every place , every posture , she perceived that she had acted most weakly ; that she had been imposed on by others in a most mortifying degree ; that she had been imposing on herself in a degree yet more mortifying ; that she was wretched , and should probably find this day but the beginning of wretchedness .
Could she be secure of that , indeed , of his never marrying at all , she believed she should be perfectly satisfied .-- Let him but continue the same Mr . Knightley to her and her father , the same Mr . Knightley to all the world ; let Donwell and Hartfield lose none of their precious intercourse of friendship and confidence , and her peace would be fully secured .-- Marriage , in fact , would not do for her .
Nothing should separate her from her father .
It must be her ardent wish that Harriet might be disappointed ; and she hoped , that when able to see them together again , she might at least be able to ascertain what the chances for it were .-- She should see them henceforward with the closest observance ; and wretchedly as she had hitherto misunderstood even those she was watching , she did not know how to admit that she could be blinded here .-- He was expected back every day .
It is fit that the fortune should be on his side , for I think the merit will be all on hers ."
They should lose her ; and , probably , in great measure , her husband also .-- Frank Churchill would return among them no more ; and Miss Fairfax , it was reasonable to suppose , would soon cease to belong to Highbury .
" No ,"-- replied Emma -- quite confirmed by the depressed manner in which he still spoke --" I should like to take another turn .
Knightley .--" Emma , that I fear is a word -- No , I have no wish -- Stay , yes , why should I hesitate ?-- I have gone too far already for concealment .-- Emma , I accept your offer -- Extraordinary as it may seem , I accept it , and refer myself to you as a friend .-- Tell me , then , have I no chance of ever succeeding ?"
While he spoke , Emma ' s mind was most busy , and , with all the wonderful velocity of thought , had been able -- and yet without losing a word -- to catch and comprehend the exact truth of the whole ; to see that Harriet ' s hopes had been entirely groundless , a mistake , a delusion , as complete a delusion as any of her own -- that Harriet was nothing ; that she was every thing herself ; that what she had been saying relative to Harriet had been all taken as the language of her own feelings ; and that her agitation , her doubts , her reluctance , her discouragement , had been all received as discouragement from herself .-- And not only was there time for these convictions , with all their glow of attendant happiness ; there was time also to rejoice that Harriet ' s secret had not escaped her , and to resolve that it need not , and should not .-- It was all the service she could now render her poor friend ; for as to any of that heroism of sentiment which might have prompted her to entreat him to transfer his affection from herself to Harriet , as infinitely the most worthy of the two -- or even the more simple sublimity of resolving to refuse him at once and for ever , without vouchsafing any motive , because he could not marry them both , Emma had it not .
What totally different feelings did Emma take back into the house from what she had brought out !-- she had then been only daring to hope for a little respite of suffering ;-- she was now in an exquisite flutter of happiness , and such happiness moreover as she believed must still be greater when the flutter should have passed away .
I dared not address her openly ; my difficulties in the then state of Enscombe must be too well known to require definition ; and I was fortunate enough to prevail , before we parted at Weymouth , and to induce the most upright female mind in the creation to stoop in charity to a secret engagement .-- Had she refused , I should have gone mad .-- But you will be ready to say , what was your hope in doing this ?-- What did you look forward to ?-- To any thing , every thing -- to time , chance , circumstance , slow effects , sudden bursts , perseverance and weariness , health and sickness .
I could not give any connected detail yesterday ; but the suddenness , and , in one light , the unseasonableness with which the affair burst out , needs explanation ; for though the event of the 26th ult ., as you will conclude , immediately opened to me the happiest prospects , I should not have presumed on such early measures , but from the very particular circumstances , which left me not an hour to lose .
I should myself have shrunk from any thing so hasty , and she would have felt every scruple of mine with multiplied strength and refinement .-- But I had no choice .
If I had followed her judgment , and subdued my spirits to the level of what she deemed proper , I should have escaped the greatest unhappiness I have ever known .-- We quarrelled .-- Do you remember the morning spent at Donwell ?-- _There_ every little dissatisfaction that had occurred before came to a crisis .
Even then , I was not such a fool as not to mean to be reconciled in time ; but I was the injured person , injured by her coldness , and I went away determined that she should make the first advances .-- I shall always congratulate myself that you were not of the Box Hill party .
I must not quarrel with a spirit of forbearance which has been so richly extended towards myself ; but , otherwise , I should loudly protest against the share of it which that woman has known .-- ` Jane ,' indeed !-- You will observe that I have not yet indulged myself in calling her by that name , even to you .
I should wish it ."
" I was not quite impartial in my judgment , Emma :-- but yet , I think -- had _you_ not been in the case -- I should still have distrusted him ."
Natural enough !-- his own mind full of intrigue , that he should suspect it in others .-- Mystery ; Finesse -- how they pervert the understanding !
And having gone through what immediately followed of the basis of their disagreement , and his persisting to act in direct opposition to Jane Fairfax ' s sense of right , he made a fuller pause to say , " This is very bad .-- He had induced her to place herself , for his sake , in a situation of extreme difficulty and uneasiness , and it should have been his first object to prevent her from suffering unnecessarily .-- She must have had much more to contend with , in carrying on the correspondence , than he could .
He should have respected even unreasonable scruples , had there been such ; but hers were all reasonable .
We must look to her one fault , and remember that she had done a wrong thing in consenting to the engagement , to bear that she should have been in such a state of punishment ."
But the plan which had arisen on the sacrifice of this , he trusted his dearest Emma would not find in any respect objectionable ; it was , that he should be received at Hartfield ; that so long as her father ' s happiness in other words his life -- required Hartfield to continue her home , it should be his likewise .
No additional agitation should be thrown at this period among those she loved -- and the evil should not act on herself by anticipation before the appointed time .-- A fortnight , at least , of leisure and peace of mind , to crown every warmer , but more agitating , delight , should be hers .
It would be a _secret_ satisfaction ; but the consciousness of a similarity of prospect would certainly add to the interest with which she should attend to any thing Jane might communicate .
" Yes , here I am , my good friend ; and here I have been so long , that anywhere else I should think it necessary to apologise ; but , the truth is , that I am waiting for my lord and master .
I say , Jane , what a perfect character you and I should make , if we could be shaken together .
You knew I should not stir till my lord and master appeared .-- Here have I been sitting this hour , giving these young ladies a sample of true conjugal obedience -- for who can say , you know , how soon it may be wanted ?"
after the note I sent him this morning , and the message he returned , that he should certainly be at home till one ."
The very last person whom one should expect to be forgotten !-- My dear Mr . E ., he must have left a message for you , I am sure he must .-- Not even Knightley could be so very eccentric ;-- and his servants forgot it .
" I met William Larkins ," continued Mr . Elton , " as I got near the house , and he told me I should not find his master at home , but I did not believe him .-- William seemed rather out of humour .
I have nothing to do with William ' s wants , but it really is of very great importance that _I_ should see Knightley to - day ; and it becomes a matter , therefore , of very serious inconvenience that I should have had this hot walk to no purpose ."
Had you not been surrounded by other friends , I might have been tempted to introduce a subject , to ask questions , to speak more openly than might have been strictly correct .-- I feel that I should certainly have been impertinent ."
I feel that all the apologies should be on my side .
It would be a great comfort to Mr . Weston , as he grew older -- and even Mr . Weston might be growing older ten years hence -- to have his fireside enlivened by the sports and the nonsense , the freaks and the fancies of a child never banished from home ; and Mrs . Weston -- no one could doubt that a daughter would be most to her ; and it would be quite a pity that any one who so well knew how to teach , should not have their powers in exercise again .
" What an amiable creature I was !-- No wonder you should hold my speeches in such affectionate remembrance ."
She was aware herself , that , parting under any other circumstances , they certainly should have corresponded more , and that her intelligence would not have rested , as it now almost wholly did , on Isabella ' s letters .
Had he said any thing to bear a different construction , I should not have believed him ."
" He and I should differ very little in our estimation of the two ," interrupted she , with a sort of serious smile --" much less , perhaps , than he is aware of , if we could enter without ceremony or reserve on the subject ."
" Yes , yes -- but I am amused that he should have seen so far into my feelings .
As soon as Mrs . Weston was sufficiently recovered to admit Mr . Woodhouse ' s visits , Emma having it in view that her gentle reasonings should be employed in the cause , resolved first to announce it at home , and then at Randalls .-- But how to break it to her father at last !-- She had bound herself to do it , in such an hour of Mr . Knightley ' s absence , or when it came to the point her heart would have failed her , and she must have put it off ; but Mr . Knightley was to come at such a time , and follow up the beginning she was to make .-- She was forced to speak , and to speak cheerfully too .
Emma hung about him affectionately , and smiled , and said it must be so ; and that he must not class her with Isabella and Mrs . Weston , whose marriages taking them from Hartfield , had , indeed , made a melancholy change : but she was not going from Hartfield ; she should be always there ; she was introducing no change in their numbers or their comforts but for the better ; and she was very sure that he would be a great deal the happier for having Mr . Knightley always at hand , when he were once got used to the idea .-- Did he not love Mr . Knightley very much ?-- He would not deny that he did , she was sure .-- Whom did he ever want to consult on business but Mr .
Mr . Knightley could not be there too often ; he should be glad to see him every day ;-- but they did see him every day as it was .-- Why could not they go on as they had done ?
but why so ?-- I can hardly imagine that any thing which pleases or amuses you , should not please and amuse me too ."
" You ought to know your friend best ," replied Mr . Knightley ; " but I should say she was a good - tempered , soft - hearted girl , not likely to be very , very determined against any young man who told her he loved her ."
I should certainly have called at Hartfield , had you failed to come ."
" She should always send for Perry , if the child appeared in the slightest degree disordered , were it only for a moment .
No objection was raised on the father ' s side ; the young man was treated liberally ; it was all as it should be : and as Emma became acquainted with Robert Martin , who was now introduced at Hartfield , she fully acknowledged in him all the appearance of sense and worth which could bid fairest for her little friend .
That Lady Russell , of steady age and character , and extremely well provided for , should have no thought of a second marriage , needs no apology to the public , which is rather apt to be unreasonably discontented when a woman does marry again , than when she does not ; but Sir Walter ' s continuing in singleness requires explanation .
She had , while a very young girl , as soon as she had known him to be , in the event of her having no brother , the future baronet , meant to marry him , and her father had always meant that she should .
The Kellynch estate should be transmitted whole and entire , as he had received it .
Their two confidential friends , Mr Shepherd , who lived in the neighbouring market town , and Lady Russell , were called to advise them ; and both father and daughter seemed to expect that something should be struck out by one or the other to remove their embarrassments and reduce their expenditure , without involving the loss of any indulgence of taste or pride .
Sir Walter would quit Kellynch Hall ; and after a very few days more of doubt and indecision , the great question of whither he should go was settled , and the first outline of this important change made out .
Two material advantages of Bath over London had of course been given all their weight : its more convenient distance from Kellynch , only fifty miles , and Lady Russell ' s spending some part of every winter there ; and to the very great satisfaction of Lady Russell , whose first views on the projected change had been for Bath , Sir Walter and Elizabeth were induced to believe that they should lose neither consequence nor enjoyment by settling there .
I have had a little knowledge of their methods of doing business ; and I am free to confess that they have very liberal notions , and are as likely to make desirable tenants as any set of people one should meet with .
Therefore , Sir Walter , what I would take leave to suggest is , that if in consequence of any rumours getting abroad of your intention ; which must be contemplated as a possible thing , because we know how difficult it is to keep the actions and designs of one part of the world from the notice and curiosity of the other ; consequence has its tax ; I , John Shepherd , might conceal any family - matters that I chose , for nobody would think it worth their while to observe me ; but Sir Walter Elliot has eyes upon him which it may be very difficult to elude ; and therefore , thus much I venture upon , that it will not greatly surprise me if , with all our caution , some rumour of the truth should get abroad ; in the supposition of which , as I was going to observe , since applications will unquestionably follow , I should think any from our wealthy naval commanders particularly worth attending to ; and beg leave to add , that two hours will bring me over at any time , to save you the trouble of replying ."
I am not fond of the idea of my shrubberies being always approachable ; and I should recommend Miss Elliot to be on her guard with respect to her flower garden .
" The profession has its utility , but I should be sorry to see any friend of mine belonging to it ."
Mr Shepherd hastened to assure him , that Admiral Croft was a very hale , hearty , well - looking man , a little weather - beaten , to be sure , but not much , and quite the gentleman in all his notions and behaviour ; not likely to make the smallest difficulty about terms , only wanted a comfortable home , and to get into it as soon as possible ; knew he must pay for his convenience ; knew what rent a ready - furnished house of that consequence might fetch ; should not have been surprised if Sir Walter had asked more ; had inquired about the manor ; would be glad of the deputation , certainly , but made no great point of it ; said he sometimes took out a gun , but never killed ; quite the gentleman .
Sir Walter , on being applied to , without actually withholding his consent , or saying it should never be , gave it all the negative of great astonishment , great coldness , great silence , and a professed resolution of doing nothing for his daughter .
But he was confident that he should soon be rich : full of life and ardour , he knew that he should soon have a ship , and soon be on a station that would lead to everything he wanted .
He had always been lucky ; he knew he should be so still .
She was persuaded that under every disadvantage of disapprobation at home , and every anxiety attending his profession , all their probable fears , delays , and disappointments , she should yet have been a happier woman in maintaining the engagement , than she had been in the sacrifice of it ; and this , she fully believed , had the usual share , had even more than the usual share of all such solicitudes and suspense been theirs , without reference to the actual results of their case , which , as it happened , would have bestowed earlier prosperity than could be reasonably calculated on .
Sir Walter , without hesitation , declared the Admiral to be the best - looking sailor he had ever met with , and went so far as to say , that if his own man might have had the arranging of his hair , he should not be ashamed of being seen with him any where ; and the Admiral , with sympathetic cordiality , observed to his wife as they drove back through the park , " I thought we should soon come to a deal , my dear , in spite of what they told us at Taunton .
Mary , often a little unwell , and always thinking a great deal of her own complaints , and always in the habit of claiming Anne when anything was the matter , was indisposed ; and foreseeing that she should not have a day ' s health all the autumn , entreated , or rather required her , for it was hardly entreaty , to come to Uppercross Cottage , and bear her company as long as she should want her , instead of going to Bath .
This invitation of Mary ' s removed all Lady Russell ' s difficulties , and it was consequently soon settled that Anne should not go to Bath till Lady Russell took her , and that all the intervening time should be divided between Uppercross Cottage and Kellynch Lodge .
Lady Russell was extremely sorry that such a measure should have been resorted to at all , wondered , grieved , and feared ; and the affront it contained to Anne , in Mrs Clay ' s being of so much use , while Anne could be of none , was a very sore aggravation .
She had little hope of success ; but Elizabeth , who in the event of such a reverse would be so much more to be pitied than herself , should never , she thought , have reason to reproach her for giving no warning .
Elizabeth could not conceive how such an absurd suspicion should occur to her , and indignantly answered for each party ' s perfectly knowing their situation .
And as to my father , I really should not have thought that he , who has kept himself single so long for our sakes , need be suspected now .
I began to think I should never see you .
He said he should not stay out long ; but he has never come back , and now it is almost one .
" I should never think of standing on such ceremony with people I know so well as Mrs and the Miss Musgroves ."
She acknowledged it to be very fitting , that every little social commonwealth should dictate its own matters of discourse ; and hoped , ere long , to become a not unworthy member of the one she was now transplanted into .
without partiality ; but Mrs Charles knows no more how they should be treated --!
I assure you , Miss Anne , it prevents my wishing to see them at our house so often as I otherwise should .
It was certainly carried nearly as far as possible , for they met every morning , and hardly ever spent an evening asunder ; but she believed they should not have done so well without the sight of Mr and Mrs Musgrove ' s respectable forms in the usual places , or without the talking , laughing , and singing of their daughters .
" Nobody knew how much she should suffer .
She should put it off as long as she could ;" but was not easy till she had talked Charles into driving her over on an early day , and was in a very animated , comfortable state of imaginary agitation , when she came back .
She immediately felt how reasonable it was , that Mrs Croft should be thinking and speaking of Edward , and not of Frederick ; and with shame at her own forgetfulness applied herself to the knowledge of their former neighbour ' s present state with proper interest .
He was cut short by the eager attacks of the little boys , clinging to him like an old friend , and declaring he should not go ; and being too much engrossed by proposals of carrying them away in his coat pockets , & c ., to have another moment for finishing or recollecting what he had begun , Anne was left to persuade herself , as well as she could , that the same brother must still be in question .
That she was coming to apologize , and that they should have to spend the evening by themselves , was the first black idea ; and Mary was quite ready to be affronted , when Louisa made all right by saying , that she only came on foot , to leave more room for the harp , which was bringing in the carriage .
In each letter he had spoken well of his captain ; but yet , so little were they in the habit of attending to such matters , so unobservant and incurious were they as to the names of men or ships , that it had made scarcely any impression at the time ; and that Mrs Musgrove should have been suddenly struck , this very day , with a recollection of the name of Wentworth , as connected with her son , seemed one of those extraordinary bursts of mind which do sometimes occur .
Only think if anything should happen ?"
My being the mother is the very reason why my feelings should not be tried .
" Yes ; you see his papa can , and why should not I ?
I should not go , you may be sure , if I did not feel quite at ease about my dear child ."
If I were to shut myself up for ever with the child , I should not be able to persuade him to do anything he did not like .
" This is very kind of Anne ," was her husband ' s answer , " and I should be very glad to have you go ; but it seems rather hard that she should be left at home by herself , to nurse our sick child ."
Had he wished ever to see her again , he need not have waited till this time ; he would have done what she could not but believe that in his place she should have done long ago , when events had been early giving him the independence which alone had been wanting .
Henrietta asked him what he thought of you , when they went away , and he said , ` You were so altered he should not have known you again .'"
" So altered that he should not have known her again !"
Should not this be enough for a sailor , who has had no society among women to make him nice ?"
His bright proud eye spoke the conviction that he was nice ; and Anne Elliot was not out of his thoughts , when he more seriously described the woman he should wish to meet with .
What should a young fellow like you do ashore for half a year together ?
I knew that we should either go to the bottom together , or that she would be the making of me ; and I never had two days of foul weather all the time I was at sea in her ; and after taking privateers enough to be very entertaining , I had the good luck in my passage home the next autumn , to fall in with the very French frigate I wanted .
Four - and - twenty hours later , and I should only have been a gallant Captain Wentworth , in a small paragraph at one corner of the newspapers ; and being lost in only a sloop , nobody would have thought about me ."
Mrs Musgrove was of a comfortable , substantial size , infinitely more fitted by nature to express good cheer and good humour , than tenderness and sentiment ; and while the agitations of Anne ' s slender form , and pensive face , may be considered as very completely screened , Captain Wentworth should be allowed some credit for the self - command with which he attended to her large fat sighings over the destiny of a son , whom alive nobody had cared for .
" Should I ?
I lived in perpetual fright at that time , and had all manner of imaginary complaints from not knowing what to do with myself , or when I should hear from him next ; but as long as we could be together , nothing ever ailed me , and I never met with the smallest inconvenience ."
If he should rise to any very great honours !
If he should ever be made a baronet !
A dinner at Mr Musgrove ' s had been the occasion when all these things should have been seen by Anne ; but she had staid at home , under the mixed plea of a headache of her own , and some return of indisposition in little Charles .
As to Captain Wentworth ' s views , she deemed it of more consequence that he should know his own mind early enough not to be endangering the happiness of either sister , or impeaching his own honour , than that he should prefer Henrietta to Louisa , or Louisa to Henrietta .
It had then seemed the object nearest her heart , that Dr Shirley , the rector , who for more than forty years had been zealously discharging all the duties of his office , but was now growing too infirm for many of them , should be quite fixed on engaging a curate ; should make his curacy quite as good as he could afford , and should give Charles Hayter the promise of it .
The surprise of finding himself almost alone with Anne Elliot , deprived his manners of their usual composure : he started , and could only say , " I thought the Miss Musgroves had been here : Mrs Musgrove told me I should find them here ," before he walked to the window to recollect himself , and feel how he ought to behave .
She had a strong impression of his having said , in a vext tone of voice , after Captain Wentworth ' s interference , " You ought to have minded me , Walter ; I told you not to teaze your aunt ;" and could comprehend his regretting that Captain Wentworth should do what he ought to have done himself .
It was a very fine November day , and the Miss Musgroves came through the little grounds , and stopped for no other purpose than to say , that they were going to take a long walk , and therefore concluded Mary could not like to go with them ; and when Mary immediately replied , with some jealousy at not being supposed a good walker , " Oh , yes , I should like to join you very much , I am very fond of a long walk ;" Anne felt persuaded , by the looks of the two girls , that it was precisely what they did not wish , and admired again the sort of necessity which the family habits seemed to produce , of everything being to be communicated , and everything being to be done together , however undesired and inconvenient .
" I cannot imagine why they should suppose I should not like a long walk ," said Mary , as she went up stairs .
She occupied her mind as much as possible in such like musings and quotations ; but it was not possible , that when within reach of Captain Wentworth ' s conversation with either of the Miss Musgroves , she should not try to hear it ; yet she caught little very remarkable .
You make the most of it , I know ," cried Louisa , " but if it were really so , I should do just the same in her place .
If I loved a man , as she loves the Admiral , I would always be with him , nothing should ever separate us , and I would rather be overturned by him , than driven safely by anybody else ."
After a little succession of these sort of debates and consultations , it was settled between Charles and his two sisters , that he and Henrietta should just run down for a few minutes , to see their aunt and cousins , while the rest of the party waited for them at the top of the hill .
I could not bear that she should be frightened from the visit by such nonsense .
Then returning to his former earnest tone -- " My first wish for all whom I am interested in , is that they should be firm .
For herself , she feared to move , lest she should be seen .
We should all have liked her a great deal better ; and papa and mamma always think it was her great friend Lady Russell ' s doing , that she did not .
The dinner , already ordered at the inn , was at last , though unwillingly , accepted as a excuse ; but they seemed almost hurt that Captain Wentworth should have brought any such party to Lyme , without considering it as a thing of course that they should dine with them .
She said all that was reasonable and proper on the business ; felt the claims of Dr Shirley to repose as she ought ; saw how very desirable it was that he should have some active , respectable young man , as a resident curate , and was even courteous enough to hint at the advantage of such resident curate ' s being married .
Anne was amused by Henrietta ' s manner of being grateful , and amused also that the course of events and the new interests of Henrietta ' s views should have placed her friend at all in favour with any of the Musgrove family ; she had only time , however , for a general answer , and a wish that such another woman were at Uppercross , before all subjects suddenly ceased , on seeing Louisa and Captain Wentworth coming towards them .
She had before conjectured him to be a stranger like themselves , and determined that a well - looking groom , who was strolling about near the two inns as they came back , should be his servant .
Anne felt that she should like to know who he was .
What a pity that we should not have been introduced to each other !
the great - coat was hanging over the panel , and hid the arms , so it did ; otherwise , I am sure , I should have observed them , and the livery too ; if the servant had not been in mourning , one should have known him by the livery ."
" Putting all these very extraordinary circumstances together ," said Captain Wentworth , " we must consider it to be the arrangement of Providence , that you should not be introduced to your cousin ."
Though it was rather desirable that Mr and Mrs Musgrove should be previously alarmed by some share of delay ; yet the time required by the Uppercross horses to take them back , would be a dreadful extension of suspense ; and Captain Wentworth proposed , and Charles Musgrove agreed , that it would be much better for him to take a chaise from the inn , and leave Mr Musgrove ' s carriage and horses to be sent home the next morning early , when there would be the farther advantage of sending an account of Louisa ' s night .
Anne wondered whether it ever occurred to him now , to question the justness of his own previous opinion as to the universal felicity and advantage of firmness of character ; and whether it might not strike him that , like all other qualities of the mind , it should have its proportions and limits .
" What should they do without her ?
Their concerns had been sunk under those of Uppercross ; and when Lady Russell reverted to their former hopes and fears , and spoke her satisfaction in the house in Camden Place , which had been taken , and her regret that Mrs Clay should still be with them , Anne would have been ashamed to have it known how much more she was thinking of Lyme and Louisa Musgrove , and all her acquaintance there ; how much more interesting to her was the home and the friendship of the Harvilles and Captain Benwick , than her own father ' s house in Camden Place , or her own sister ' s intimacy with Mrs Clay .
Lady Russell had only to listen composedly , and wish them happy , but internally her heart revelled in angry pleasure , in pleased contempt , that the man who at twenty - three had seemed to understand somewhat of the value of an Anne Elliot , should , eight years afterwards , be charmed by a Louisa Musgrove .
My wife should have the credit of them , however .
A very good man , and very much the gentleman I am sure : but I should think , Miss Elliot ," ( looking with serious reflection ), " I should think he must be rather a dressy man for his time of life .
Mrs Musgrove had got Mrs Harville ' s children away as much as she could , every possible supply from Uppercross had been furnished , to lighten the inconvenience to the Harvilles , while the Harvilles had been wanting them to come to dinner every day ; and in short , it seemed to have been only a struggle on each side as to which should be most disinterested and hospitable .
I suppose he was afraid of finding it dull ; but upon my word I should have thought we were lively enough at the Cottage for such a heart - broken man as Captain Benwick ."
" He fancied that if he went with us , he should find you close by : he fancied everybody to be living in Uppercross ; and when he discovered that Lady Russell lived three miles off , his heart failed him , and he had not courage to come .
" Upon my word ," said she , " I should not have supposed that my opinion of any one could have admitted of such difference of conjecture , steady and matter of fact as I may call myself .
She might not wonder , but she must sigh that her father should feel no degradation in his change , should see nothing to regret in the duties and dignity of the resident landholder , should find so much to be vain of in the littlenesses of a town ; and she must sigh , and smile , and wonder too , as Elizabeth threw open the folding - doors and walked with exultation from one drawing - room to the other , boasting of their space ; at the possibility of that woman , who had been mistress of Kellynch Hall , finding extent to be proud of between two walls , perhaps thirty feet asunder .
A sensible man , and he had looked like a very sensible man , why should it be an object to him ?
and Mr Elliot so anxious that he should !"
Anne was considering whether she should venture to suggest that a gown , or a cap , would not be liable to any such misuse , when a knock at the door suspended everything .
As soon as he could , he began to talk to her of Lyme , wanting to compare opinions respecting the place , but especially wanting to speak of the circumstance of their happening to be guests in the same inn at the same time ; to give his own route , understand something of hers , and regret that he should have lost such an opportunity of paying his respects to her .
he was surprised at that ;" and added , " certainly you cannot do better than to continue as you are ; you cannot be better than well ; or I should recommend Gowland , the constant use of Gowland , during the spring months .
It was now some years since Anne had begun to learn that she and her excellent friend could sometimes think differently ; and it did not surprise her , therefore , that Lady Russell should see nothing suspicious or inconsistent , nothing to require more motives than appeared , in Mr Elliot ' s great desire of a reconciliation .
In Lady Russell ' s view , it was perfectly natural that Mr Elliot , at a mature time of life , should feel it a most desirable object , and what would very generally recommend him among all sensible people , to be on good terms with the head of his family ; the simplest process in the world of time upon a head naturally clear , and only erring in the heyday of youth .
It was very desirable that the connexion should be renewed , if it could be done , without any compromise of propriety on the side of the Elliots ."
" She was very much honoured , and should be happy in their acquaintance ."
I suppose " ( smiling ) " I have more pride than any of you ; but I confess it does vex me , that we should be so solicitous to have the relationship acknowledged , which we may be very sure is a matter of perfect indifference to them ."
I only mean that if Mr Elliot should some time hence pay his addresses to you , and if you should be disposed to accept him , I think there would be every possibility of your being happy together .
" Mr Elliot is an exceedingly agreeable man , and in many respects I think highly of him ," said Anne ; " but we should not suit ."
I should have visited Admiral Croft , however , at any rate .
" I do not know ; but I can hardly suppose that , at Admiral Croft ' s time of life , and in his profession , he should not have many acquaintance in such a place as this ."
She could not endure that such a friendship as theirs should be severed unfairly .
I should never be out if they were all Sophys , or something of that sort .
Nay , most likely they are married already , for I do not know what they should wait for ."
" Indeed you are mistaken there , sir ; I should never augur want of spirit from Captain Benwick ' s manners .
If the girl likes another man better , it is very fit she should have him ."
I should be very sorry that such a friendship as has subsisted between him and Captain Benwick should be destroyed , or even wounded , by a circumstance of this sort ."
It was fixed accordingly , that Mrs Clay should be of the party in the carriage ; and they had just reached this point , when Anne , as she sat near the window , descried , most decidedly and distinctly , Captain Wentworth walking down the street .
She left her seat , she would go ; one half of her should not be always so much wiser than the other half , or always suspecting the other of being worse than it was .
But it was more probable that he should be come to stay .
She could thoroughly comprehend the sort of fascination he must possess over Lady Russell ' s mind , the difficulty it must be for her to withdraw her eyes , the astonishment she must be feeling that eight or nine years should have passed over him , and in foreign climes and in active service too , without robbing him of one personal grace !
The part which provoked her most , was that in all this waste of foresight and caution , she should have lost the right moment for seeing whether he saw them .
If she could only have a few minutes conversation with him again , she fancied she should be satisfied ; and as to the power of addressing him , she felt all over courage if the opportunity occurred .
But it appears -- I should hope it would be a very happy match .
" I should very much like to see Lyme again ," said Anne .
I should not have supposed that you could have found anything in Lyme to inspire such a feeling .
I should have thought your last impressions of Lyme must have been strong disgust ."
But " they should meet again .
When their places were determined on , and they were all properly arranged , she looked round to see if he should happen to be in the same part of the room , but he was not ; her eye could not reach him ; and the concert being just opening , she must consent for a time to be happy in a humbler way .
" I will not oppose such kind politeness ; but I should be sorry to be examined by a real proficient ."
He began by speaking of the concert gravely , more like the Captain Wentworth of Uppercross ; owned himself disappointed , had expected singing ; and in short , must confess that he should not be sorry when it was over .
" He must wish her good night ; he was going ; he should get home as fast as he could ."
Anne recollected with pleasure the next morning her promise of going to Mrs Smith , meaning that it should engage her from home at the time when Mr Elliot would be most likely to call ; for to avoid Mr Elliot was almost a first object .
" I should be extremely happy ; I hope you cannot doubt my willingness to be of even the slightest use to you ," replied Anne ; " but I suspect that you are considering me as having a higher claim on Mr Elliot , a greater right to influence him , than is really the case .
I should like to know why you imagine I am ?"
But why should you be cruel ?
Should he ever propose to me ( which I have very little reason to imagine he has any thought of doing ), I shall not accept him .
As it was , she instantly submitted , and with all the semblance of seeing nothing beyond ; and Anne , eager to escape farther notice , was impatient to know why Mrs Smith should have fancied she was to marry Mr Elliot ; where she could have received the idea , or from whom she could have heard it .
" But ," continued Anne , presently , " though there is no truth in my having this claim on Mr Elliot , I should be extremely happy to be of use to you in any way that I could .
But I should like to know why , at that time of his life , he should slight my father ' s acquaintance as he did .
He was determined , at least , not to mar it by an imprudent marriage ; and I know it was his belief ( whether justly or not , of course I cannot decide ), that your father and sister , in their civilities and invitations , were designing a match between the heir and the young lady , and it was impossible that such a match should have answered his ideas of wealth and independence .
It was curious , that having just left you behind me in Bath , my first and principal acquaintance on marrying should be your cousin ; and that , through him , I should be continually hearing of your father and sister .
I have often heard him declare , that if baronetcies were saleable , anybody should have his for fifty pounds , arms and motto , name and livery included ; but I will not pretend to repeat half that I used to hear him say on that subject .
I am more curious to know why he should be so different now ."
My account states , that your sister ' s friend , the lady now staying with you , whom I have heard you mention , came to Bath with Miss Elliot and Sir Walter as long ago as September ( in short when they first came themselves ), and has been staying there ever since ; that she is a clever , insinuating , handsome woman , poor and plausible , and altogether such in situation and manner , as to give a general idea , among Sir Walter ' s acquaintance , of her meaning to be Lady Elliot , and as general a surprise that Miss Elliot should be apparently , blind to the danger ."
I should like to know his present opinion , as to the probability of the event he has been in dread of ; whether he considers the danger to be lessening or not ."
It was very desirable that Lady Russell should be no longer deceived ; and one of the concluding arrangements of this important conference , which carried them through the greater part of the morning , was , that Anne had full liberty to communicate to her friend everything relative to Mrs Smith , in which his conduct was involved .
However , when I found how excessively he was regretting that he should miss my father this morning , I gave way immediately , for I would never really omit an opportunity of bring him and Sir Walter together .
It was bad enough that a Mrs Clay should be always before her ; but that a deeper hypocrite should be added to their party , seemed the destruction of everything like peace and comfort .
Anne ' s only surprise was , that affairs should be in forwardness enough for Henrietta ' s wedding - clothes to be talked of .
" I am extremely glad , indeed ," cried Anne , " particularly glad that this should happen ; and that of two sisters , who both deserve equally well , and who have always been such good friends , the pleasant prospect of one should not be dimming those of the other -- that they should be so equal in their prosperity and comfort .
It is very fit they should have daughters ' shares ; and I am sure he has always been a very kind , liberal father to me .
" Such excellent parents as Mr and Mrs Musgrove ," exclaimed Anne , " should be happy in their children ' s marriages .
Mary , resenting that she should be supposed not to know her own cousin , began talking very warmly about the family features , and protesting still more positively that it was Mr Elliot , calling again upon Anne to come and look for herself , but Anne did not mean to stir , and tried to be cool and unconcerned .
If I would not go for the sake of your father , I should think it scandalous to go for the sake of his heir .
Charles and Mary still talked on in the same style ; he , half serious and half jesting , maintaining the scheme for the play , and she , invariably serious , most warmly opposing it , and not omitting to make it known that , however determined to go to Camden Place herself , she should not think herself very well used , if they went to the play without her .
It would be a pity to be divided , and we should be losing Miss Anne , too , if there is a party at her father ' s ; and I am sure neither Henrietta nor I should care at all for the play , if Miss Anne could not be with us ."
I have no pleasure in the sort of meeting , and should be too happy to change it for a play , and with you .
It was soon generally agreed that Tuesday should be the day ; Charles only reserving the advantage of still teasing his wife , by persisting that he would go to the play to - morrow if nobody else would .
Whether he would have proceeded farther was left to Anne ' s imagination to ponder over in a calmer hour ; for while still hearing the sounds he had uttered , she was startled to other subjects by Henrietta , eager to make use of the present leisure for getting out , and calling on her companions to lose no time , lest somebody else should come in .
To begin without knowing that at such a time there will be the means of marrying , I hold to be very unsafe and unwise , and what I think all parents should prevent as far as they can ."
We each begin , probably , with a little bias towards our own sex ; and upon that bias build every circumstance in favour of it which has occurred within our own circle ; many of which circumstances ( perhaps those very cases which strike us the most ) may be precisely such as cannot be brought forward without betraying a confidence , or in some respect saying what should not be said ."
God forbid that I should undervalue the warm and faithful feelings of any of my fellow - creatures !
I should deserve utter contempt if I dared to suppose that true attachment and constancy were known only by woman .
But I am afraid ; and I should be so very sorry .
" You should have distinguished ," replied Anne .
" You should not have suspected me now ; the case is so different , and my age is so different .
" I should have thought ," said Anne , " that my manner to yourself might have spared you much or all of this ."
It was , perhaps , one of those cases in which advice is good or bad only as the event decides ; and for myself , I certainly never should , in any circumstance of tolerable similarity , give such advice .
But I mean , that I was right in submitting to her , and that if I had done otherwise , I should have suffered more in continuing the engagement than I did even in giving it up , because I should have suffered in my conscience .
This may be bad morality to conclude with , but I believe it to be truth ; and if such parties succeed , how should a Captain Wentworth and an Anne Elliot , with the advantage of maturity of mind , consciousness of right , and one independent fortune between them , fail of bearing down every opposition ?
It was creditable to have a sister married , and she might flatter herself with having been greatly instrumental to the connexion , by keeping Anne with her in the autumn ; and as her own sister must be better than her husband ' s sisters , it was very agreeable that Captain Wentworth should be a richer man than either Captain Benwick or Charles Hayter .
" It was my father ' s last request to me ," replied her husband , " that I should assist his widow and daughters ."
He could hardly suppose I should neglect them .
If he should have a numerous family , for instance , it would be a very convenient addition ."
But , then , if Mrs . Dashwood should live fifteen years we shall be completely taken in ."
If I were you , whatever I did should be done at my own discretion entirely .
" I believe you are right , my love ; it will be better that there should by no annuity in the case ; whatever I may give them occasionally will be of far greater assistance than a yearly allowance , because they would only enlarge their style of living if they felt sure of a larger income , and would not be sixpence the richer for it at the end of the year .
It was contrary to every doctrine of her ' s that difference of fortune should keep any couple asunder who were attracted by resemblance of disposition ; and that Elinor ' s merit should not be acknowledged by every one who knew her , was to her comprehension impossible .
But yet -- he is not the kind of young man -- there is something wanting -- his figure is not striking ; it has none of that grace which I should expect in the man who could seriously attach my sister .
Why should you be less fortunate than your mother ?
" What a pity it is , Elinor ," said Marianne , " that Edward should have no taste for drawing ."
replied Elinor , " why should you think so ?
if he should be so far stimulated by your genius as to learn to draw himself , how delightful it would be !"
She took the first opportunity of affronting her mother - in - law on the occasion , talking to her so expressively of her brother ' s great expectations , of Mrs . Ferrars ' s resolution that both her sons should marry well , and of the danger attending any young woman who attempted to DRAW HIM IN ; that Mrs . Dashwood could neither pretend to be unconscious , nor endeavor to be calm .
She gave her an answer which marked her contempt , and instantly left the room , resolving that , whatever might be the inconvenience or expense of so sudden a removal , her beloved Elinor should not be exposed another week to such insinuations .
He understood that she was in need of a dwelling ; and though the house he now offered her was merely a cottage , he assured her that everything should be done to it which she might think necessary , if the situation pleased her .
No sooner was her answer dispatched , than Mrs . Dashwood indulged herself in the pleasure of announcing to her son - in - law and his wife that she was provided with a house , and should incommode them no longer than till every thing were ready for her inhabiting it .
Mrs . John Dashwood saw the packages depart with a sigh : she could not help feeling it hard that as Mrs . Dashwood ' s income would be so trifling in comparison with their own , she should have any handsome article of furniture .
He hoped they would all excuse the smallness of the party , and could assure them it should never happen so again .
But if there should by any chance happen to be a woman who is single at seven and twenty , I should not think Colonel Brandon ' s being thirty - five any objection to his marrying HER ."
Whatever be his pursuits , his eagerness in them should know no moderation , and leave him no sense of fatigue ."
I should scold her myself , if she were capable of wishing to check the delight of your conversation with our new friend ."
But why should you dislike him ?"
Little had Mrs . Dashwood or her daughters imagined when they first came into Devonshire , that so many engagements would arise to occupy their time as shortly presented themselves , or that they should have such frequent invitations and such constant visitors as to leave them little leisure for serious employment .
I should hold myself guilty of greater impropriety in accepting a horse from my brother , than from Willoughby .
From that moment she doubted not of their being engaged to each other ; and the belief of it created no other surprise than that she , or any of their friends , should be left by tempers so frank , to discover it by accident .
" I am particularly sorry , ma ' am ," said he , addressing Lady Middleton , " that I should receive this letter today , for it is on business which requires my immediate attendance in town ."
" Then I must bid you farewell for a longer time than I should wish to do ."
It was settled that there should be a dance in the evening , and that every body should be extremely merry all day long .
Elinor could hardly believe this to be true , as it seemed very unlikely that Willoughby should propose , or Marianne consent , to enter the house while Mrs . Smith was in it , with whom Marianne had not the smallest acquaintance .
" Why should you imagine , Elinor , that we did not go there , or that we did not see the house ?
" On the contrary , nothing can be a stronger proof of it , Elinor ; for if there had been any real impropriety in what I did , I should have been sensible of it at the time , for we always know when we are acting wrong , and with such a conviction I could have had no pleasure ."
I value not her censure any more than I should do her commendation .
She wondered , with little intermission what could be the reason of it ; was sure there must be some bad news , and thought over every kind of distress that could have befallen him , with a fixed determination that he should not escape them all .
It is not so very likely he should be distressed in his circumstances NOW , for he is a very prudent man , and to be sure must have cleared the estate by this time .
Why they should not openly acknowledge to her mother and herself , what their constant behaviour to each other declared to have taken place , Elinor could not imagine .
" Yes ," cried he in the same eager tone , " with all and every thing belonging to it ;-- in no one convenience or INconvenience about it , should the least variation be perceptible .
I never passed within view of it without admiring its situation , and grieving that no one should live in it .
How little did I then think that the very first news I should hear from Mrs . Smith , when I next came into the country , would be that Barton cottage was taken : and I felt an immediate satisfaction and interest in the event , which nothing but a kind of prescience of what happiness I should experience from it , can account for .
Mrs . Dashwood again assured him that no alteration of the kind should be attempted .
Why else should he have shewn such unwillingness to accept your invitation here ?"
How is it to be supposed that Willoughby , persuaded as he must be of your sister ' s love , should leave her , and leave her perhaps for months , without telling her of his affection ;-- that they should part without a mutual exchange of confidence ?"
He had just parted from my sister , had seen her leave him in the greatest affliction ; and if he felt obliged , from a fear of offending Mrs . Smith , to resist the temptation of returning here soon , and yet aware that by declining your invitation , by saying that he was going away for some time , he should seem to act an ungenerous , a suspicious part by our family , be might well be embarrassed and disturbed .
Had he been in a situation to act independently and marry immediately , it might have been odd that he should leave us without acknowledging everything to me at once : but this is not the case .
I should never deserve her confidence again , after forcing from her a confession of what is meant at present to be unacknowledged to any one .
cried Margaret , " how happy I should be !
I wonder what I should do with it !"
" I should be puzzled to spend so large a fortune myself ," said Mrs . Dashwood , " if my children were all to be rich my help ."
Should not you , Marianne ?
" No , Edward , I should have something else to do with it ."
It is not likely that I should now see or hear any thing to change them ."
" Why should you think so !"
" Nor do I think it a part of Marianne ' s ," said Elinor ; " I should hardly call her a lively girl -- she is very earnest , very eager in all she does -- sometimes talks a great deal and always with animation -- but she is not often really merry ."
If I could persuade myself that my manners were perfectly easy and graceful , I should not be shy ."
" I am afraid it is but too true ," said Marianne ; " but why should you boast of it ?"
But I should have thought her hair had been darker ."
His spirits , during the last two or three days , though still very unequal , were greatly improved -- he grew more and more partial to the house and environs -- never spoke of going away without a sigh -- declared his time to be wholly disengaged -- even doubted to what place he should go when he left them -- but still , go he must .
How I should like such a house for myself !
Should not you , Mr .
But Sir John would not be satisfied -- the carriage should be sent for them and they must come .
" Why should they ask us ?"
I am sure I shall be very happy to chaperon you at any time till I am confined , if Mrs . Dashwood should not like to go into public ."
" My dear ," said he to his lady , " it is very provoking that we should be so few .
" You and I , Sir John ," said Mrs . Jennings , " should not stand upon such ceremony ."
I thought you would , he is so pleasant ; and Mr . Palmer is excessively pleased with you and your sisters I can tell you , and you can ' t think how disappointed he will be if you don ' t come to Cleveland .-- I can ' t imagine why you should object to it ."
However , I dare say we should have seen a great deal of him in Somersetshire , if it had not happened very unluckily that we should never have been in the country together .
To give such intelligence to a person who could not be interested in it , even if it were true , is not what I should expect Colonel Brandon to do ."
" So do I .-- He is such a charming man , that it is quite a pity he should be so grave and so dull .
It is so delightful that you should live at the cottage !
But mama did not think the match good enough for me , otherwise Sir John would have mentioned it to the Colonel , and we should have been married immediately ."
It suggested no other surprise than that Elinor and Marianne should sit so composedly by , without claiming a share in what was passing .
" I should guess so ," said Elinor , with a smile , " from what I have witnessed this morning ."
" But why should you think ," said Lucy , looking ashamed of her sister , " that there are not as many genteel young men in Devonshire as Sussex ?"
And I am sure I should not have the smallest fear of trusting YOU ; indeed , I should be very glad of your advice how to manage in such and uncomfortable situation as I am ; but , however , there is no occasion to trouble YOU .
Not a soul of all my relations know of it but Anne , and I never should have mentioned it to you , if I had not felt the greatest dependence in the world upon your secrecy ; and I really thought my behaviour in asking so many questions about Mrs . Ferrars must seem so odd , that it ought to be explained .
" It is strange ," replied Elinor , in a most painful perplexity , " that I should never have heard him even mention your name ."
She does not know how to hold her tongue , as you must perceive , and I am sure I was in the greatest fright in the world t ' other day , when Edward ' s name was mentioned by Sir John , lest she should out with it all .
" I begged him to exert himself for fear you should suspect what was the matter ; but it made him so melancholy , not being able to stay more than a fortnight with us , and seeing me so much affected .-- Poor fellow !-- I am afraid it is just the same with him now ; for he writes in wretched spirits .
If he had but my picture , he says he should be easy .
But indeed , while Elinor remained so well assured within herself of being really beloved by Edward , it required no other consideration of probabilities to make it natural that Lucy should be jealous ; and that she was so , her very confidence was a proof .
This hint was enough , Lucy recollected herself instantly and replied , " Indeed you are very much mistaken , Lady Middleton ; I am only waiting to know whether you can make your party without me , or I should have been at my filigree already .
" Perhaps ," continued Elinor , " if I should happen to cut out , I may be of some use to Miss Lucy Steele , in rolling her papers for her ; and there is so much still to be done to the basket , that it must be impossible I think for her labour singly , to finish it this evening .
I should like the work exceedingly , if she would allow me a share in it ."
" I should be undeserving of the confidence you have honoured me with , if I felt no desire for its continuance , or no farther curiosity on its subject .
" Edward ' s love for me ," said Lucy , " has been pretty well put to the test , by our long , very long absence since we were first engaged , and it has stood the trial so well , that I should be unpardonable to doubt it now .
I dare say you have seen enough of Edward to know that he would prefer the church to every other profession ; now my plan is that he should take orders as soon as he can , and then through your interest , which I am sure you would be kind enough to use out of friendship for him , and I hope out of some regard to me , your brother might be persuaded to give him Norland living ; which I understand is a very good one , and the present incumbent not likely to live a great while .
" I should always be happy ," replied Elinor , " to show any mark of my esteem and friendship for Mr . Ferrars ; but do you not perceive that my interest on such an occasion would be perfectly unnecessary ?
We seem so beset with difficulties on every side , that though it would make us miserable for a time , we should be happier perhaps in the end .
" Indeed you wrong me ," replied Lucy , with great solemnity ; " I know nobody of whose judgment I think so highly as I do of yours ; and I do really believe , that if you was to say to me , ' I advise you by all means to put an end to your engagement with Edward Ferrars , it will be more for the happiness of both of you ,' I should resolve upon doing it immediately ."
It is very hard indeed that she should not have a little pleasure , because Miss Dashwood does not wish it .
no , nothing should tempt me to leave her .
It should not , must not be a struggle ."
That Marianne , fastidious as she was , thoroughly acquainted with Mrs . Jennings ' manners , and invariably disgusted by them , should overlook every inconvenience of that kind , should disregard whatever must be most wounding to her irritable feelings , in her pursuit of one object , was such a proof , so strong , so full , of the importance of that object to her , as Elinor , in spite of all that had passed , was not prepared to witness .
It is very right that you SHOULD go to town ; I would have every young woman of your condition in life acquainted with the manners and amusements of London .
Elinor could not help smiling at this display of indifference towards the manners of a person , to whom she had often had difficulty in persuading Marianne to behave with tolerable politeness ; and resolved within herself , that if her sister persisted in going , she would go likewise , as she did not think it proper that Marianne should be left to the sole guidance of her own judgment , or that Mrs . Jennings should be abandoned to the mercy of Marianne for all the comfort of her domestic hours .
After very little farther discourse , it was finally settled that the invitation should be fully accepted .
Should the result of her observations be unfavourable , she was determined at all events to open the eyes of her sister ; should it be otherwise , her exertions would be of a different nature -- she must then learn to avoid every selfish comparison , and banish every regret which might lessen her satisfaction in the happiness of Marianne .
Elinor was disappointed too ; but at the same time her regard for Colonel Brandon ensured his welcome with her ; and she felt particularly hurt that a man so partial to her sister should perceive that she experienced nothing but grief and disappointment in seeing him .
But pray , Colonel , how came you to conjure out that I should be in town today ?"
After an hour or two spent in what her mother called comfortable chat , or in other words , in every variety of inquiry concerning all their acquaintance on Mrs . Jennings ' s side , and in laughter without cause on Mrs . Palmer ' s , it was proposed by the latter that they should all accompany her to some shops where she had business that morning , to which Mrs . Jennings and Elinor readily consented , as having likewise some purchases to make themselves ; and Marianne , though declining it at first was induced to go likewise .
" If she had not known him to be in town she would not have written to him , as she did ; she would have written to Combe Magna ; and if he is in town , how odd that he should neither come nor write !
The invitation was accepted ; but when the hour of appointment drew near , necessary as it was in common civility to Mrs . Jennings , that they should both attend her on such a visit , Elinor had some difficulty in persuading her sister to go , for still she had seen nothing of Willoughby ; and therefore was not more indisposed for amusement abroad , than unwilling to run the risk of his calling again in her absence .
In such circumstances , it was better for both that they should not be long together ; and the restless state of Marianne ' s mind not only prevented her from remaining in the room a moment after she was dressed , but requiring at once solitude and continual change of place , made her wander about the house till breakfast time , avoiding the sight of every body .
That I should ever have meant more you will allow to be impossible , when you understand that my affections have been long engaged elsewhere , and it will not be many weeks , I believe , before this engagement is fulfilled .
" Yes , why should I stay here ?
Mrs . Taylor told me of it half an hour ago , and she was told it by a particular friend of Miss Grey herself , else I am sure I should not have believed it ; and I was almost ready to sink as it was .
Well , it is the oddest thing to me , that a man should use such a pretty girl so ill !
But then you know , how should I guess such a thing ?
I had depended on her fortitude too far , and the blow was a severe one -- but had her marriage been happy , so young as I then was , a few months must have reconciled me to it , or at least I should not have now to lament it .
But can we wonder that , with such a husband to provoke inconstancy , and without a friend to advise or restrain her ( for my father lived only a few months after their marriage , and I was with my regiment in the East Indies ) she should fall ?
She had yet another reason for wishing her children to remain where they were ; a letter from her son - in - law had told her that he and his wife were to be in town before the middle of February , and she judged it right that they should sometimes see their brother .
She wished with all her heart Combe Magna was not so near Cleveland ; but it did not signify , for it was a great deal too far off to visit ; she hated him so much that she was resolved never to mention his name again , and she should tell everybody she saw , how good - for - nothing he was ."
She had taken care to have the intelligence conveyed to herself , as soon as it was known that the ceremony was over , as she was desirous that Marianne should not receive the first notice of it from the public papers , which she saw her eagerly examining every morning .
" I should have been quite disappointed if I had not found you here STILL ," said she repeatedly , with a strong emphasis on the word .
" But I always thought I SHOULD .
I was almost sure you would not leave London yet awhile ; though you TOLD me , you know , at Barton , that you should not stay above a MONTH .
When they stopped at the door , Mrs . Jennings recollected that there was a lady at the other end of the street on whom she ought to call ; and as she had no business at Gray ' s , it was resolved , that while her young friends transacted their ' s , she should pay her visit and return for them .
Mrs . Jennings , however , assured him directly , that she should not stand upon ceremony , for they were all cousins , or something like it , and she should certainly wait on Mrs . John Dashwood very soon , and bring her sisters to see her .
And there can be no reason why you should not try for him .
" It would be something remarkable , now ," he continued , " something droll , if Fanny should have a brother and I a sister settling at the same time .
" Nothing at all , I should rather suppose ; for she has only her jointure , which will descend to her children ."
" And do you not think it more likely that she should leave it to her daughters , than to us ?"
He had just compunction enough for having done nothing for his sisters himself , to be exceedingly anxious that everybody else should do a great deal ; and an offer from Colonel Brandon , or a legacy from Mrs . Jennings , was the easiest means of atoning for his own neglect .
So well had they recommended themselves to Lady Middleton , so agreeable had their assiduities made them to her , that though Lucy was certainly not so elegant , and her sister not even genteel , she was as ready as Sir John to ask them to spend a week or two in Conduit Street ; and it happened to be particularly convenient to the Miss Steeles , as soon as the Dashwoods ' invitation was known , that their visit should begin a few days before the party took place .
She wondered that Lucy ' s spirits could be so very much elevated by the civility of Mrs . Ferrars ;-- that her interest and her vanity should so very much blind her as to make the attention which seemed only paid her because she was NOT ELINOR , appear a compliment to herself -- or to allow her to derive encouragement from a preference only given her , because her real situation was unknown .
So exceeding affable as she was !-- You know how I dreaded the thoughts of seeing her ;-- but the very moment I was introduced , there was such an affability in her behaviour as really should seem to say , she had quite took a fancy to me .
" I guessed you would say so "-- replied Lucy quickly --" but there was no reason in the world why Mrs . Ferrars should seem to like me , if she did not , and her liking me is every thing .
They are both delightful women , indeed !-- I wonder I should never hear you say how agreeable Mrs . Dashwood was !"
I should be sorry to have YOU ill ; you , that have been the greatest comfort to me in the world !-- Heaven knows what I should have done without your friendship ."
" Indeed I am perfectly convinced of your regard for me , and next to Edward ' s love , it is the greatest comfort I have .-- Poor Edward !-- But now there is one good thing , we shall be able to meet , and meet pretty often , for Lady Middleton ' s delighted with Mrs . Dashwood , so we shall be a good deal in Harley Street , I dare say , and Edward spends half his time with his sister -- besides , Lady Middleton and Mrs . Ferrars will visit now ;-- and Mrs . Ferrars and your sister were both so good to say more than once , they should always be glad to see me .-- They are such charming women !-- I am sure if ever you tell your sister what I think of her , you cannot speak too high ."
But Elinor would not give her any encouragement to hope that she SHOULD tell her sister .
" I am sure I should have seen it in a moment , if Mrs . Ferrars had took a dislike to me .
If she had only made me a formal courtesy , for instance , without saying a word , and never after had took any notice of me , and never looked at me in a pleasant way -- you know what I mean -- if I had been treated in that forbidding sort of way , I should have gave it all up in despair .
Again they all sat down , and for a moment or two all were silent ; while Marianne was looking with the most speaking tenderness , sometimes at Edward and sometimes at Elinor , regretting only that their delight in each other should be checked by Lucy ' s unwelcome presence .
It is but natural that he should like to see her as well as ourselves ."
And I protest , if I had any money to spare , I should buy a little land and build one myself , within a short distance of London , where I might drive myself down at any time , and collect a few friends about me , and be happy .
" I do not see how it can be done ," said she , " without affronting Lady Middleton , for they spend every day with her ; otherwise I should be exceedingly glad to do it .
Mrs . Dashwood had never been so much pleased with any young women in her life , as she was with them ; had given each of them a needle book made by some emigrant ; called Lucy by her Christian name ; and did not know whether she should ever be able to part with them .
So upon that , he smirked , and simpered , and looked grave , and seemed to know something or other , and at last he said in a whisper , ' For fear any unpleasant report should reach the young ladies under your care as to their sister ' s indisposition , I think it advisable to say , that I believe there is no great reason for alarm ; I hope Mrs . Dashwood will do very well .'"
Mr . Edward Ferrars , the very young man I used to joke with you about ( but however , as it turns out , I am monstrous glad there was never any thing in it ), Mr . Edward Ferrars , it seems , has been engaged above this twelvemonth to my cousin Lucy !-- There ' s for you , my dear !-- And not a creature knowing a syllable of the matter , except Nancy !-- Could you have believed such a thing possible ?-- There is no great wonder in their liking one another ; but that matters should be brought so forward between them , and nobody suspect it !-- THAT is strange !-- I never happened to see them together , or I am sure I should have found it out directly .
Mrs . Dashwood declared they should not stay a minute longer in the house , and your brother was forced to go down upon HIS knees too , to persuade her to let them stay till they had packed up their clothes .
I should not wonder , if he was to be in the greatest passion !-- and Mr . Donavan thinks just the same .
There is no reason on earth why Mr . Edward and Lucy should not marry ; for I am sure Mrs . Ferrars may afford to do very well by her son , and though Lucy has next to nothing herself , she knows better than any body how to make the most of every thing ; I dare say , if Mrs . Ferrars would only allow him five hundred a - year , she would make as good an appearance with it as any body else would with eight .
" It was not fit that you should then know how much I was the reverse !"
Lucy does not want sense , and that is the foundation on which every thing good may be built .-- And after all , Marianne , after all that is bewitching in the idea of a single and constant attachment , and all that can be said of one ' s happiness depending entirely on any particular person , it is not meant -- it is not fit -- it is not possible that it should be so .-- Edward will marry Lucy ; he will marry a woman superior in person and understanding to half her sex ; and time and habit will teach him to forget that he ever thought another superior to HER ."
In such a frame of mind as she was now in , Elinor had no difficulty in obtaining from her whatever promise she required ; and at her request , Marianne engaged never to speak of the affair to any one with the least appearance of bitterness ;-- to meet Lucy without betraying the smallest increase of dislike to her ;-- and even to see Edward himself , if chance should bring them together , without any diminution of her usual cordiality .-- These were great concessions ;-- but where Marianne felt that she had injured , no reparation could be too much for her to make .
We consulted together , however , as to what should be done , and at last she determined to send for Edward .
His own two thousand pounds she protested should be his all ; she would never see him again ; and so far would she be from affording him the smallest assistance , that if he were to enter into any profession with a view of better support , she would do all in her power to prevent him advancing in it ."
Nothing should prevail on him to give up his engagement .
I beg your pardon , Mr . Dashwood , but if he had done otherwise , I should have thought him a rascal .
cried Mrs . Jennings , " I am sure he should be very welcome to bed and board at my house ; and so I would tell him if I could see him .
It is not fit that he should be living about at his own charge now , at lodgings and taverns ."
" I cannot suppose it possible that she should ."
But why should not I wear pink ribbons ?
I am sure , for my part , I should never have known he DID like it better than any other colour , if he had not happened to say so .
one can ' t repeat such kind of things you know )-- she told him directly , she had not the least mind in the world to be off , for she could live with him upon a trifle , and how little so ever he might have , she should be very glad to have it all , you know , or something of the kind .
So then he was monstrous happy , and talked on some time about what they should do , and they agreed he should take orders directly , and they must wait to be married till he got a living .
And for my part , I was all in a fright for fear your sister should ask us for the huswifes she had gave us a day or two before ; but , however , nothing was said about them , and I took care to keep mine out of sight .
They will tell me I should write to the Doctor , to get Edward the curacy of his new living .
I have not time to speak to Mrs . Jennings about it myself , but pray tell her I am quite happy to hear she is not in anger against us , and Lady Middleton the same ; and if anything should happen to take you and your sister away , and Mrs . Jennings should want company , I am sure we should be very glad to come and stay with her for as long a time as she likes .
I am sure you will be glad to hear , as likewise dear Mrs . Jennings , I spent two happy hours with him yesterday afternoon , he would not hear of our parting , though earnestly did I , as I thought my duty required , urge him to it for prudence sake , and would have parted for ever on the spot , would he consent to it ; but he said it should never be , he did not regard his mother ' s anger , while he could have my affections ; our prospects are not very bright , to be sure , but we must wait , and hope for the best ; he will be ordained shortly ; and should it ever be in your power to recommend him to any body that has a living to bestow , am very sure you will not forget us , and dear Mrs . Jennings too , trust she will speak a good word for us to Sir John , or Mr . Palmer , or any friend that may be able to assist us .-- Poor Anne was much to blame for what she did , but she did it for the best , so I say nothing ; hope Mrs . Jennings won ' t think it too much trouble to give us a call , should she come this way any morning , ' twould be a great kindness , and my cousins would be proud to know her .-- My paper reminds me to conclude ; and begging to be most gratefully and respectfully remembered to her , and to Sir John , and Lady Middleton , and the dear children , when you chance to see them , and love to Miss Marianne ,
what should hinder it ?"
Mrs . Jennings was delighted with her gratitude , and only wondered that after hearing such a sentence , the Colonel should be able to take leave of them , as he immediately did , with the utmost sang - froid , and go away without making her any reply !-- She had not thought her old friend could have made so indifferent a suitor .
If , however , by an unforeseen chance it should be in my power to serve him farther , I must think very differently of him from what I now do , if I am not as ready to be useful to him then as I sincerely wish I could be at present .
why don ' t he repair it ?-- who should do it but himself ?"
It is of importance that no time should be lost with him , for he will of course have much to do relative to his ordination ."
Should not the Colonel write himself ?-- sure , he is the proper person ."
I should be very glad to get her so good a mistress .
How she should begin -- how she should express herself in her note to Edward , was now all her concern .
" Mrs . Jennings told me ," said he , " that you wished to speak with me , at least I understood her so -- or I certainly should not have intruded on you in such a manner ; though at the same time , I should have been extremely sorry to leave London without seeing you and your sister ; especially as it will most likely be some time -- it is not probable that I should soon have the pleasure of meeting you again .
What Edward felt , as he could not say it himself , it cannot be expected that any one else should say for him .
" Indeed ," replied Elinor , " I believe that you will find him , on farther acquaintance , all that you have heard him to be , and as you will be such very near neighbours ( for I understand the parsonage is almost close to the mansion - house ,) it is particularly important that he SHOULD be all this ."
As for Colonel Brandon , she was not only ready to worship him as a saint , but was moreover truly anxious that he should be treated as one in all worldly concerns ; anxious that his tithes should be raised to the utmost ; and scarcely resolved to avail herself , at Delaford , as far as she possibly could , of his servants , his carriage , his cows , and his poultry .
And how came he not to have settled that matter before this person ' s death ?-- NOW indeed it would be too late to sell it , but a man of Colonel Brandon ' s sense !-- I wonder he should be so improvident in a point of such common , such natural , concern !-- Well , I am convinced that there is a vast deal of inconsistency in almost every human character .
" But why should such precaution be used ?-- Though it is not to be supposed that Mrs . Ferrars can have the smallest satisfaction in knowing that her son has money enough to live upon ,-- for THAT must be quite out of the question ; yet why , upon her late behaviour , is she supposed to feel at all ?-- She has done with her son , she cast him off for ever , and has made all those over whom she had any influence , cast him off likewise .
" You surprise me ; I should think it must nearly have escaped her memory by THIS time ."
I have good reason to think -- indeed I have it from the best authority , or I should not repeat it , for otherwise it would be very wrong to say any thing about it -- but I have it from the very best authority -- not that I ever precisely heard Mrs . Ferrars say it herself -- but her daughter DID , and I have it from her -- That in short , whatever objections there might be against a certain -- a certain connection -- you understand me -- it would have been far preferable to her , it would not have given her half the vexation that THIS does .
Just the kind of girl I should suppose likely to captivate poor Edward .
I certainly should have represented it to Edward in a very strong light .
' My dear fellow ,' I should have said , ' consider what you are doing .
One other short call in Harley Street , in which Elinor received her brother ' s congratulations on their travelling so far towards Barton without any expense , and on Colonel Brandon ' s being to follow them to Cleveland in a day or two , completed the intercourse of the brother and sisters in town ;-- and a faint invitation from Fanny , to come to Norland whenever it should happen to be in their way , which of all things was the most unlikely to occur , with a more warm , though less public , assurance , from John to Elinor , of the promptitude with which he should come to see her at Delaford , was all that foretold any meeting in the country .
Their party was now farther reduced ; for Mr . Palmer , though very unwilling to go as well from real humanity and good - nature , as from a dislike of appearing to be frightened away by his wife , was persuaded at last by Colonel Brandon to perform his promise of following her ; and while he was preparing to go , Colonel Brandon himself , with a much greater exertion , began to talk of going likewise .-- Here , however , the kindness of Mrs . Jennings interposed most acceptably ; for to send the Colonel away while his love was in so much uneasiness on her sister ' s account , would be to deprive them both , she thought , of every comfort ; and therefore telling him at once that his stay at Cleveland was necessary to herself , that she should want him to play at piquet of an evening , while Miss Dashwood was above with her sister , & c . she urged him so strongly to remain , that he , who was gratifying the first wish of his own heart by a compliance , could not long even affect to demur ; especially as Mrs . Jennings ' s entreaty was warmly seconded by Mr . Palmer , who seemed to feel a relief to himself , in leaving behind him a person so well able to assist or advise Miss Dashwood in any emergence .
He tried to reason himself out of fears , which the different judgment of the apothecary seemed to render absurd ; but the many hours of each day in which he was left entirely alone , were but too favourable for the admission of every melancholy idea , and he could not expel from his mind the persuasion that he should see Marianne no more .
Her fears , he had no courage , no confidence to attempt the removal of :-- he listened to them in silent despondence ;-- but her difficulties were instantly obviated , for with a readiness that seemed to speak the occasion , and the service pre - arranged in his mind , he offered himself as the messenger who should fetch Mrs . Dashwood .
Your sister ' s lovely person and interesting manners could not but please me ; and her behaviour to me almost from the first , was of a kind -- It is astonishing , when I reflect on what it was , and what SHE was , that my heart should have been so insensible !
The night following this affair -- I was to go the next morning -- was spent by me in deliberating on what my future conduct should be .
But whether I should write this apology , or deliver it in person , was a point of long debate .
" Did you tell her that you should soon return ?"
He asked me to a party , a dance at his house in the evening .-- Had he NOT told me as an inducement that you and your sister were to be there , I should have felt it too certain a thing , to trust myself near him .
Her three notes -- unluckily they were all in my pocketbook , or I should have denied their existence , and hoarded them for ever -- I was forced to put them up , and could not even kiss them .
And if that some one should be the very he whom , of all others , I could least bear -- but I will not stay to rob myself of all your compassionate goodwill , by shewing that where I have most injured I can least forgive .
" You are never like me , dear Elinor , or I should wonder at your composure now .
Had I sat down to wish for any possible good to my family , I should have fixed on Colonel Brandon ' s marrying one of you as the object most desirable .
" I know it is "-- replied her mother seriously , " or after such a warning , I should be the last to encourage such affection , or even to be pleased by it .
The day of separation and departure arrived ; and Marianne , after taking so particular and lengthened a leave of Mrs . Jennings , one so earnestly grateful , so full of respect and kind wishes as seemed due to her own heart from a secret acknowledgment of past inattention , and bidding Colonel Brandon farewell with a cordiality of a friend , was carefully assisted by him into the carriage , of which he seemed anxious that she should engross at least half .
She went to it ; but the music on which her eye first rested was an opera , procured for her by Willoughby , containing some of their favourite duets , and bearing on its outward leaf her own name in his hand - writing .-- That would not do .-- She shook her head , put the music aside , and after running over the keys for a minute , complained of feebleness in her fingers , and closed the instrument again ; declaring however with firmness as she did so , that she should in future practice much .
" If you could be assured of that , you think you should be easy ."
Had I died ,-- in what peculiar misery should I have left you , my nurse , my friend , my sister !-- You , who had seen all the fretful selfishness of my latter days ; who had known all the murmurings of my heart !-- How should I have lived in YOUR remembrance !-- My mother too !
Elinor would not attempt to disturb a solitude so reasonable as what she now sought ; and with a mind anxiously pre - arranging its result , and a resolution of reviving the subject again , should Marianne fail to do it , she turned into the parlour to fulfill her parting injunction .
I never could have been happy with him , after knowing , as sooner or later I must have known , all this .-- I should have had no confidence , no esteem .
I happened to look up as I went by the chaise , and so I see directly it was the youngest Miss Steele ; so I took off my hat , and she knew me and called to me , and inquired after you , ma ' am , and the young ladies , especially Miss Marianne , and bid me I should give her compliments and Mr . Ferrars ' s , their best compliments and service , and how sorry they was they had not time to come on and see you , but they was in a great hurry to go forwards , for they was going further down for a little while , but howsever , when they come back , they ' d make sure to come and see you ."
Marianne had already sent to say , that she should eat nothing more .
That he should be married soon , before ( as she imagined ) he could be in orders , and consequently before he could be in possession of the living , surprised her a little at first .
But she soon saw how likely it was that Lucy , in her self - provident care , in her haste to secure him , should overlook every thing but the risk of delay .
I earnestly pressed his coming to us , and should not be surprised to see him walk in today or tomorrow , or any day ."
It was only to ask Elinor to marry him ;-- and considering that he was not altogether inexperienced in such a question , it might be strange that he should feel so uncomfortable in the present case as he really did , so much in need of encouragement and fresh air .
Had my brother given me some active profession when I was removed at eighteen from the care of Mr . Pratt , I think -- nay , I am sure , it would never have happened ; for though I left Longstaple with what I thought , at the time , a most unconquerable preference for his niece , yet had I then had any pursuit , any object to engage my time and keep me at a distance from her for a few months , I should very soon have outgrown the fancied attachment , especially by mixing more with the world , as in such case I must have done .
Edward was now fixed at the cottage at least for a week ;-- for whatever other claims might be made on him , it was impossible that less than a week should be given up to the enjoyment of Elinor ' s company , or suffice to say half that was to be said of the past , the present , and the future ;-- for though a very few hours spent in the hard labor of incessant talking will despatch more subjects than can really be in common between any two rational creatures , yet with lovers it is different .
Edward had two thousand pounds , and Elinor one , which , with Delaford living , was all that they could call their own ; for it was impossible that Mrs . Dashwood should advance anything ; and they were neither of them quite enough in love to think that three hundred and fifty pounds a - year would supply them with the comforts of life .
Neither of them were ever again to be mentioned to Mrs . Ferrars ; and even , if she might hereafter be induced to forgive her son , his wife should never be acknowledged as her daughter , nor be permitted to appear in her presence .
The secrecy with which everything had been carried on between them , was rationally treated as enormously heightening the crime , because , had any suspicion of it occurred to the others , proper measures would have been taken to prevent the marriage ; and he called on Elinor to join with him in regretting that Lucy ' s engagement with Edward had not rather been fulfilled , than that she should thus be the means of spreading misery farther in the family .-- He thus continued :
" You may certainly ask to be forgiven ," said Elinor , " because you have offended ;-- and I should think you might NOW venture so far as to profess some concern for having ever formed the engagement which drew on you your mother ' s anger ."
He had nothing to urge against it , but still resisted the idea of a letter of proper submission ; and therefore , to make it easier to him , as he declared a much greater willingness to make mean concessions by word of mouth than on paper , it was resolved that , instead of writing to Fanny , he should go to London , and personally intreat her good offices in his favour .-- " And if they really DO interest themselves ," said Marianne , in her new character of candour , " in bringing about a reconciliation , I shall think that even John and Fanny are not entirely without merit ."
2 : 18 And the LORD God said , It is not good that the man should be alone ; I will make him an help meet for him .
Hast thou eaten of the tree , whereof I commanded thee that thou shouldest not eat ?
And the LORD set a mark upon Cain , lest any finding him should kill him .
14 : 22 And Abram said to the king of Sodom , I have lift up mine hand unto the LORD , the most high God , the possessor of heaven and earth , 14 : 23 That I will not take from a thread even to a shoelatchet , and that I will not take any thing that is thine , lest thou shouldest say , I have made Abram rich : 14 : 24 Save only that which the young men have eaten , and the portion of the men which went with me , Aner , Eshcol , and Mamre ; let them take their portion .
18 : 25 That be far from thee to do after this manner , to slay the righteous with the wicked : and that the righteous should be as the wicked , that be far from thee : Shall not the Judge of all the earth do right ?
21 : 7 And she said , Who would have said unto Abraham , that Sarah should have given children suck ?
23 : 8 And he communed with them , saying , If it be your mind that I should bury my dead out of my sight ; hear me , and intreat for me to Ephron the son of Zohar , 23 : 9 That he may give me the cave of Machpelah , which he hath , which is in the end of his field ; for as much money as it is worth he shall give it me for a possession of a buryingplace amongst you .
26 : 6 And Isaac dwelt in Gerar : 26 : 7 And the men of the place asked him of his wife ; and he said , She is my sister : for he feared to say , She is my wife ; lest , said he , the men of the place should kill me for Rebekah ; because she was fair to look upon .
one of the people might lightly have lien with thy wife , and thou shouldest have brought guiltiness upon us .
27 : 43 Now therefore , my son , obey my voice ; arise , flee thou to Laban my brother to Haran ; 27 : 44 And tarry with him a few days , until thy brother ' s fury turn away ; 27 : 45 Until thy brother ' s anger turn away from thee , and he forget that which thou hast done to him : then I will send , and fetch thee from thence : why should I be deprived also of you both in one day ?
29 : 7 And he said , Lo , it is yet high day , neither is it time that the cattle should be gathered together : water ye the sheep , and go and feed them .
29 : 15 And Laban said unto Jacob , Because thou art my brother , shouldest thou therefore serve me for nought ?
29 : 19 And Laban said , It is better that I give her to thee , than that I should give her to another man : abide with me .
30 : 38 And he set the rods which he had pilled before the flocks in the gutters in the watering troughs when the flocks came to drink , that they should conceive when they came to drink .
33 : 13 And he said unto him , My lord knoweth that the children are tender , and the flocks and herds with young are with me : and if men should overdrive them one day , all the flock will die .
34 : 31 And they said , Should he deal with our sister as with an harlot ?
38 : 9 And Onan knew that the seed should not be his ; and it came to pass , when he went in unto his brother ' s wife , that he spilled it on the ground , lest that he should give seed to his brother .
40 : 14 But think on me when it shall be well with thee , and shew kindness , I pray thee , unto me , and make mention of me unto Pharaoh , and bring me out of this house : 40 : 15 For indeed I was stolen away out of the land of the Hebrews : and here also have I done nothing that they should put me into the dungeon .
43 : 25 And they made ready the present against Joseph came at noon : for they heard that they should eat bread there .
God forbid that thy servants should do according to this thing : 44 : 8 Behold , the money , which we found in our sacks ' mouths , we brought again unto thee out of the land of Canaan : how then should we steal out of thy lord ' s house silver or gold ?
44 : 17 And he said , God forbid that I should do so : but the man in whose hand the cup is found , he shall be my servant ; and as for you , get you up in peace unto your father .
44 : 22 And we said unto my lord , The lad cannot leave his father : for if he should leave his father , his father would die .
47 : 15 And when money failed in the land of Egypt , and in the land of Canaan , all the Egyptians came unto Joseph , and said , Give us bread : for why should we die in thy presence ?
47 : 26 And Joseph made it a law over the land of Egypt unto this day , that Pharaoh should have the fifth part , except the land of the priests only , which became not Pharaoh ' s .
3 : 11 And Moses said unto God , Who am I , that I should go unto Pharaoh , and that I should bring forth the children of Israel out of Egypt ?
5 : 2 And Pharaoh said , Who is the LORD , that I should obey his voice to let Israel go ?
For it had been better for us to serve the Egyptians , than that we should die in the wilderness .
22 : 3 If the sun be risen upon him , there shall be blood shed for him ; for he should make full restitution ; if he have nothing , then he shall be sold for his theft .
32 : 12 Wherefore should the Egyptians speak , and say , For mischief did he bring them out , to slay them in the mountains , and to consume them from the face of the earth ?
35 : 1 And Moses gathered all the congregation of the children of Israel together , and said unto them , These are the words which the LORD hath commanded , that ye should do them .
39 : 7 And he put them on the shoulders of the ephod , that they should be stones for a memorial to the children of Israel ; as the LORD commanded Moses .
39 : 23 And there was an hole in the midst of the robe , as the hole of an habergeon , with a band round about the hole , that it should not rend .
4 : 13 And if the whole congregation of Israel sin through ignorance , and the thing be hid from the eyes of the assembly , and they have done somewhat against any of the commandments of the LORD concerning things which should not be done , and are guilty ; 4 : 14 When the sin , which they have sinned against it , is known , then the congregation shall offer a young bullock for the sin , and bring him before the tabernacle of the congregation .
4 : 22 When a ruler hath sinned , and done somewhat through ignorance against any of the commandments of the LORD his God concerning things which should not be done , and is guilty ; 4 : 23 Or if his sin , wherein he hath sinned , come to his knowledge ; he shall bring his offering , a kid of the goats , a male without blemish : 4 : 24 And he shall lay his hand upon the head of the goat , and kill it in the place where they kill the burnt offering before the LORD : it is a sin offering .
9 : 6 And Moses said , This is the thing which the LORD commanded that ye should do : and the glory of the LORD shall appear unto you .
10 : 18 Behold , the blood of it was not brought in within the holy place : ye should indeed have eaten it in the holy place , as I commanded .
10 : 19 And Aaron said unto Moses , Behold , this day have they offered their sin offering and their burnt offering before the LORD ; and such things have befallen me : and if I had eaten the sin offering to day , should it have been accepted in the sight of the LORD ?
11 : 43 Ye shall not make yourselves abominable with any creeping thing that creepeth , neither shall ye make yourselves unclean with them , that ye should be defiled thereby .
20 : 26 And ye shall be holy unto me : for I the LORD am holy , and have severed you from other people , that ye should be mine .
24 : 23 And Moses spake to the children of Israel , that they should bring forth him that had cursed out of the camp , and stone him with stones .
26 : 13 I am the LORD your God , which brought you forth out of the land of Egypt , that ye should not be their bondmen ; and I have broken the bands of your yoke , and made you go upright .
27 : 26 Only the firstling of the beasts , which should be the LORD ' s firstling , no man shall sanctify it ; whether it be ox , or sheep : it is the LORD ' s .
7 : 9 But unto the sons of Kohath he gave none : because the service of the sanctuary belonging unto them was that they should bear upon their shoulders .
9 : 4 And Moses spake unto the children of Israel , that they should keep the passover .
have I begotten them , that thou shouldest say unto me , Carry them in thy bosom , as a nursing father beareth the sucking child , unto the land which thou swarest unto their fathers ?
11 : 13 Whence should I have flesh to give unto all this people ?
12 : 14 And the LORD said unto Moses , If her father had but spit in her face , should she not be ashamed seven days ?
14 : 3 And wherefore hath the LORD brought us unto this land , to fall by the sword , that our wives and our children should be a prey ?
14 : 31 But your little ones , which ye said should be a prey , them will I bring in , and they shall know the land which ye have despised .
15 : 34 And they put him in ward , because it was not declared what should be done to him .
20 : 4 And why have ye brought up the congregation of the LORD into this wilderness , that we and our cattle should die there ?
23 : 18 And he took up his parable , and said , Rise up , Balak , and hear ; hearken unto me , thou son of Zippor : 23 : 19 God is not a man , that he should lie ; neither the son of man , that he should repent : hath he said , and shall he not do it ?
27 : 4 Why should the name of our father be done away from among his family , because he hath no son ?
32 : 9 For when they went up unto the valley of Eshcol , and saw the land , they discouraged the heart of the children of Israel , that they should not go into the land which the LORD had given them .
35 : 26 But if the slayer shall at any time come without the border of the city of his refuge , whither he was fled ; 35 : 27 And the revenger of blood find him without the borders of the city of his refuge , and the revenger of blood kill the slayer ; he shall not be guilty of blood : 35 : 28 Because he should have remained in the city of his refuge until the death of the high priest : but after the death of the high priest the slayer shall return into the land of his possession .
35 : 32 And ye shall take no satisfaction for him that is fled to the city of his refuge , that he should come again to dwell in the land , until the death of the priest .
1 : 18 And I commanded you at that time all the things which ye should do .
1 : 32 Yet in this thing ye did not believe the LORD your God , 1 : 33 Who went in the way before you , to search you out a place to pitch your tents in , in fire by night , to shew you by what way ye should go , and in a cloud by day .
1 : 39 Moreover your little ones , which ye said should be a prey , and your children , which in that day had no knowledge between good and evil , they shall go in thither , and unto them will I give it , and they shall possess it .
4 : 5 Behold , I have taught you statutes and judgments , even as the LORD my God commanded me , that ye should do so in the land whither ye go to possess it .
4 : 15 Take ye therefore good heed unto yourselves ; for ye saw no manner of similitude on the day that the LORD spake unto you in Horeb out of the midst of the fire : 4 : 16 Lest ye corrupt yourselves , and make you a graven image , the similitude of any figure , the likeness of male or female , 4 : 17 The likeness of any beast that is on the earth , the likeness of any winged fowl that flieth in the air , 4 : 18 The likeness of any thing that creepeth on the ground , the likeness of any fish that is in the waters beneath the earth : 4 : 19 And lest thou lift up thine eyes unto heaven , and when thou seest the sun , and the moon , and the stars , even all the host of heaven , shouldest be driven to worship them , and serve them , which the LORD thy God hath divided unto all nations under the whole heaven .
4 : 21 Furthermore the LORD was angry with me for your sakes , and sware that I should not go over Jordan , and that I should not go in unto that good land , which the LORD thy God giveth thee for an inheritance : 4 : 22 But I must die in this land , I must not go over Jordan : but ye shall go over , and possess that good land .
4 : 41 Then Moses severed three cities on this side Jordan toward the sunrising ; 4 : 42 That the slayer might flee thither , which should kill his neighbour unawares , and hated him not in times past ; and that fleeing unto one of these cities he might live : 4 : 43 Namely , Bezer in the wilderness , in the plain country , of the Reubenites ; and Ramoth in Gilead , of the Gadites ; and Golan in Bashan , of the Manassites .
5 : 25 Now therefore why should we die ?
17 : 16 But he shall not multiply horses to himself , nor cause the people to return to Egypt , to the end that he should multiply horses : forasmuch as the LORD hath said unto you , Ye shall henceforth return no more that way .
20 : 16 But of the cities of these people , which the LORD thy God doth give thee for an inheritance , thou shalt save alive nothing that breatheth : 20 : 17 But thou shalt utterly destroy them ; namely , the Hittites , and the Amorites , the Canaanites , and the Perizzites , the Hivites , and the Jebusites ; as the LORD thy God hath commanded thee : 20 : 18 That they teach you not to do after all their abominations , which they have done unto their gods ; so should ye sin against the LORD your God .
25 : 3 Forty stripes he may give him , and not exceed : lest , if he should exceed , and beat him above these with many stripes , then thy brother should seem vile unto thee .
26 : 17 Thou hast avouched the LORD this day to be thy God , and to walk in his ways , and to keep his statutes , and his commandments , and his judgments , and to hearken unto his voice : 26 : 18 And the LORD hath avouched thee this day to be his peculiar people , as he hath promised thee , and that thou shouldest keep all his commandments ; 26 : 19 And to make thee high above all nations which he hath made , in praise , and in name , and in honour ; and that thou mayest be an holy people unto the LORD thy God , as he hath spoken .
29 : 10 Ye stand this day all of you before the LORD your God ; your captains of your tribes , your elders , and your officers , with all the men of Israel , 29 : 11 Your little ones , your wives , and thy stranger that is in thy camp , from the hewer of thy wood unto the drawer of thy water : 29 : 12 That thou shouldest enter into covenant with the LORD thy God , and into his oath , which the LORD thy God maketh with thee this day : 29 : 13 That he may establish thee to day for a people unto himself , and that he may be unto thee a God , as he hath said unto thee , and as he hath sworn unto thy fathers , to Abraham , to Isaac , and to Jacob .
29 : 14 Neither with you only do I make this covenant and this oath ; 29 : 15 But with him that standeth here with us this day before the LORD our God , and also with him that is not here with us this day : 29 : 16 ( For ye know how we have dwelt in the land of Egypt ; and how we came through the nations which ye passed by ; 29 : 17 And ye have seen their abominations , and their idols , wood and stone , silver and gold , which were among them :) 29 : 18 Lest there should be among you man , or woman , or family , or tribe , whose heart turneth away this day from the LORD our God , to go and serve the gods of these nations ; lest there should be among you a root that beareth gall and wormwood ; 29 : 19 And it come to pass , when he heareth the words of this curse , that he bless himself in his heart , saying , I shall have peace , though I walk in the imagination of mine heart , to add drunkenness to thirst : 29 : 20 The LORD will not spare him , but then the anger of the LORD and his jealousy shall smoke against that man , and all the curses that are written in this book shall lie upon him , and the LORD shall blot out his name from under heaven .
30 : 12 It is not in heaven , that thou shouldest say , Who shall go up for us to heaven , and bring it unto us , that we may hear it , and do it ?
30 : 13 Neither is it beyond the sea , that thou shouldest say , Who shall go over the sea for us , and bring it unto us , that we may hear it , and do it ?
32 : 26 I said , I would scatter them into corners , I would make the remembrance of them to cease from among men : 32 : 27 Were it not that I feared the wrath of the enemy , lest their adversaries should behave themselves strangely , and lest they should say , Our hand is high , and the LORD hath not done all this .
32 : 30 How should one chase a thousand , and two put ten thousand to flight , except their Rock had sold them , and the LORD had shut them up ?
8 : 29 And the king of Ai he hanged on a tree until eventide : and as soon as the sun was down , Joshua commanded that they should take his carcase down from the tree , and cast it at the entering of the gate of the city , and raise thereon a great heap of stones , that remaineth unto this day .
8 : 33 And all Israel , and their elders , and officers , and their judges , stood on this side the ark and on that side before the priests the Levites , which bare the ark of the covenant of the LORD , as well the stranger , as he that was born among them ; half of them over against mount Gerizim , and half of them over against mount Ebal ; as Moses the servant of the LORD had commanded before , that they should bless the people of Israel .
9 : 27 And Joshua made them that day hewers of wood and drawers of water for the congregation , and for the altar of the LORD , even unto this day , in the place which he should choose .
11 : 20 For it was of the LORD to harden their hearts , that they should come against Israel in battle , that he might destroy them utterly , and that they might have no favour , but that he might destroy them , as the LORD commanded Moses .
22 : 28 Therefore said we , that it shall be , when they should so say to us or to our generations in time to come , that we may say again , Behold the pattern of the altar of the LORD , which our fathers made , not for burnt offerings , nor for sacrifices ; but it is a witness between us and you .
22 : 29 God forbid that we should rebel against the LORD , and turn this day from following the LORD , to build an altar for burnt offerings , for meat offerings , or for sacrifices , beside the altar of the LORD our God that is before his tabernacle .
24 : 16 And the people answered and said , God forbid that we should forsake the LORD , to serve other gods ; 24 : 17 For the LORD our God , he it is that brought us up and our fathers out of the land of Egypt , from the house of bondage , and which did those great signs in our sight , and preserved us in all the way wherein we went , and among all the people through whom we passed : 24 : 18 And the LORD drave out from before us all the people , even the Amorites which dwelt in the land : therefore will we also serve the LORD ; for he is our God .
8 : 6 And the princes of Succoth said , Are the hands of Zebah and Zalmunna now in thine hand , that we should give bread unto thine army ?
8 : 15 And he came unto the men of Succoth , and said , Behold Zebah and Zalmunna , with whom ye did upbraid me , saying , Are the hands of Zebah and Zalmunna now in thine hand , that we should give bread unto thy men that are weary ?
9 : 9 But the olive tree said unto them , Should I leave my fatness , wherewith by me they honour God and man , and go to be promoted over the trees ?
9 : 11 But the fig tree said unto them , Should I forsake my sweetness , and my good fruit , and go to be promoted over the trees ?
9 : 13 And the vine said unto them , Should I leave my wine , which cheereth God and man , and go to be promoted over the trees ?
9 : 28 And Gaal the son of Ebed said , Who is Abimelech , and who is Shechem , that we should serve him ?
serve the men of Hamor the father of Shechem : for why should we serve him ?
9 : 38 Then said Zebul unto him , Where is now thy mouth , wherewith thou saidst , Who is Abimelech , that we should serve him ?
9 : 41 And Abimelech dwelt at Arumah : and Zebul thrust out Gaal and his brethren , that they should not dwell in Shechem .
11 : 23 So now the LORD God of Israel hath dispossessed the Amorites from before his people Israel , and shouldest thou possess it ?
20 : 38 Now there was an appointed sign between the men of Israel and the liers in wait , that they should make a great flame with smoke rise up out of the city .
21 : 2 And the people came to the house of God , and abode there till even before God , and lifted up their voices , and wept sore ; 21 : 3 And said , O LORD God of Israel , why is this come to pass in Israel , that there should be to day one tribe lacking in Israel ?
21 : 22 And it shall be , when their fathers or their brethren come unto us to complain , that we will say unto them , Be favourable unto them for our sakes : because we reserved not to each man his wife in the war : for ye did not give unto them at this time , that ye should be guilty .
If I should say , I have hope , if I should have an husband also to night , and should also bear sons ; 1 : 13 Would ye tarry for them till they were grown ?
2 : 10 Then she fell on her face , and bowed herself to the ground , and said unto him , Why have I found grace in thine eyes , that thou shouldest take knowledge of me , seeing I am a stranger ?
2 : 30 Wherefore the LORD God of Israel saith , I said indeed that thy house , and the house of thy father , should walk before me for ever : but now the LORD saith , Be it far from me ; for them that honour me I will honour , and they that despise me shall be lightly esteemed .
8 : 7 And the LORD said unto Samuel , Hearken unto the voice of the people in all that they say unto thee : for they have not rejected thee , but they have rejected me , that I should not reign over them .
9 : 6 And he said unto him , Behold now , there is in this city a man of God , and he is an honourable man ; all that he saith cometh surely to pass : now let us go thither ; peradventure he can shew us our way that we should go .
10 : 22 Therefore they enquired of the LORD further , if the man should yet come thither .
12 : 20 And Samuel said unto the people , Fear not : ye have done all this wickedness : yet turn not aside from following the LORD , but serve the LORD with all your heart ; 12 : 21 And turn ye not aside : for then should ye go after vain things , which cannot profit nor deliver ; for they are vain .
12 : 23 Moreover as for me , God forbid that I should sin against the LORD in ceasing to pray for you : but I will teach you the good and the right way : 12 : 24 Only fear the LORD , and serve him in truth with all your heart : for consider how great things he hath done for you .
15 : 21 But the people took of the spoil , sheep and oxen , the chief of the things which should have been utterly destroyed , to sacrifice unto the LORD thy God in Gilgal .
15 : 29 And also the Strength of Israel will not lie nor repent : for he is not a man , that he should repent .
for who is this uncircumcised Philistine , that he should defy the armies of the living God ?
and what is my life , or my father ' s family in Israel , that I should be son in law to the king ?
18 : 19 But it came to pass at the time when Merab Saul ' s daughter should have been given to David , that she was given unto Adriel the Meholathite to wife .
19 : 1 And Saul spake to Jonathan his son , and to all his servants , that they should kill David .
And Michal answered Saul , He said unto me , Let me go ; why should I kill thee ?
20 : 2 And he said unto him , God forbid ; thou shalt not die : behold , my father will do nothing either great or small , but that he will shew it me : and why should my father hide this thing from me ?
20 : 5 And David said unto Jonathan , Behold , to morrow is the new moon , and I should not fail to sit with the king at meat : but let me go , that I may hide myself in the field unto the third day at even .
20 : 8 Therefore thou shalt deal kindly with thy servant ; for thou hast brought thy servant into a covenant of the LORD with thee : notwithstanding , if there be in me iniquity , slay me thyself ; for why shouldest thou bring me to thy father ?
22 : 13 And Saul said unto him , Why have ye conspired against me , thou and the son of Jesse , in that thou hast given him bread , and a sword , and hast enquired of God for him , that he should rise against me , to lie in wait , as at this day ?
24 : 6 And he said unto his men , The LORD forbid that I should do this thing unto my master , the LORD ' s anointed , to stretch forth mine hand against him , seeing he is the anointed of the LORD .
26 : 11 The LORD forbid that I should stretch forth mine hand against the LORD ' s anointed : but , I pray thee , take thou now the spear that is at his bolster , and the cruse of water , and let us go .
27 : 1 And David said in his heart , I shall now perish one day by the hand of Saul : there is nothing better for me than that I should speedily escape into the land of the Philistines ; and Saul shall despair of me , to seek me any more in any coast of Israel : so shall I escape out of his hand .
27 : 5 And David said unto Achish , If I have now found grace in thine eyes , let them give me a place in some town in the country , that I may dwell there : for why should thy servant dwell in the royal city with thee ?
27 : 11 And David saved neither man nor woman alive , to bring tidings to Gath , saying , Lest they should tell on us , saying , So did David , and so will be his manner all the while he dwelleth in the country of the Philistines .
29 : 4 And the princes of the Philistines were wroth with him ; and the princes of the Philistines said unto him , Make this fellow return , that he may go again to his place which thou hast appointed him , and let him not go down with us to battle , lest in the battle he be an adversary to us : for wherewith should he reconcile himself unto his master ?
should it not be with the heads of these men ?
2 : 22 And Abner said again to Asahel , Turn thee aside from following me : wherefore should I smite thee to the ground ?
how then should I hold up my face to Joab thy brother ?
9 : 8 And he bowed himself , and said , What is thy servant , that thou shouldest look upon such a dead dog as I am ?
12 : 23 But now he is dead , wherefore should I fast ?
And the king said unto him , Why should he go with thee ?
15 : 20 Whereas thou camest but yesterday , should I this day make thee go up and down with us ?
16 : 9 Then said Abishai the son of Zeruiah unto the king , Why should this dead dog curse my lord the king ?
16 : 19 And again , whom should I serve ?
should I not serve in the presence of his son ?
18 : 12 And the man said unto Joab , Though I should receive a thousand shekels of silver in mine hand , yet would I not put forth mine hand against the king ' s son : for in our hearing the king charged thee and Abishai and Ittai , saying , Beware that none touch the young man Absalom .
18 : 13 Otherwise I should have wrought falsehood against mine own life : for there is no matter hid from the king , and thou thyself wouldest have set thyself against me .
And Shimei the son of Gera fell down before the king , as he was come over Jordan ; 19 : 19 And said unto the king , Let not my lord impute iniquity unto me , neither do thou remember that which thy servant did perversely the day that my lord the king went out of Jerusalem , that the king should take it to his heart .
19 : 22 And David said , What have I to do with you , ye sons of Zeruiah , that ye should this day be adversaries unto me ?
19 : 34 And Barzillai said unto the king , How long have I to live , that I should go up with the king unto Jerusalem ?
wherefore then should thy servant be yet a burden unto my lord the king ?
19 : 36 Thy servant will go a little way over Jordan with the king : and why should the king recompense it me with such a reward ?
19 : 43 And the men of Israel answered the men of Judah , and said , We have ten parts in the king , and we have also more right in David than ye : why then did ye despise us , that our advice should not be first had in bringing back our king ?
20 : 20 And Joab answered and said , Far be it , far be it from me , that I should swallow up or destroy .
21 : 5 And they answered the king , The man that consumed us , and that devised against us that we should be destroyed from remaining in any of the coasts of Israel , 21 : 6 Let seven men of his sons be delivered unto us , and we will hang them up unto the LORD in Gibeah of Saul , whom the LORD did choose .
23 : 17 And he said , Be it far from me , O LORD , that I should do this : is not this the blood of the men that went in jeopardy of their lives ?
1 : 20 And thou , my lord , O king , the eyes of all Israel are upon thee , that thou shouldest tell them who shall sit on the throne of my lord the king after him .
1 : 27 Is this thing done by my lord the king , and thou hast not shewed it unto thy servant , who should sit on the throne of my lord the king after him ?
2 : 1 Now the days of David drew nigh that he should die ; and he charged Solomon his son , saying , 2 : 2 I go the way of all the earth : be thou strong therefore , and shew thyself a man ; 2 : 3 And keep the charge of the LORD thy God , to walk in his ways , to keep his statutes , and his commandments , and his judgments , and his testimonies , as it is written in the law of Moses , that thou mayest prosper in all that thou doest , and whithersoever thou turnest thyself : 2 : 4 That the LORD may continue his word which he spake concerning me , saying , If thy children take heed to their way , to walk before me in truth with all their heart and with all their soul , there shall not fail thee ( said he ) a man on the throne of Israel .
2 : 15 And he said , Thou knowest that the kingdom was mine , and that all Israel set their faces on me , that I should reign : howbeit the kingdom is turned about , and is become my brother ' s : for it was his from the LORD .
6 : 5 And against the wall of the house he built chambers round about , against the walls of the house round about , both of the temple and of the oracle : and he made chambers round about : 6 : 6 The nethermost chamber was five cubits broad , and the middle was six cubits broad , and the third was seven cubits broad : for without in the wall of the house he made narrowed rests round about , that the beams should not be fastened in the walls of the house .
8 : 35 When heaven is shut up , and there is no rain , because they have sinned against thee ; if they pray toward this place , and confess thy name , and turn from their sin , when thou afflictest them : 8 : 36 Then hear thou in heaven , and forgive the sin of thy servants , and of thy people Israel , that thou teach them the good way wherein they should walk , and give rain upon thy land , which thou hast given to thy people for an inheritance .
11 : 9 And the LORD was angry with Solomon , because his heart was turned from the LORD God of Israel , which had appeared unto him twice , 11 : 10 And had commanded him concerning this thing , that he should not go after other gods : but he kept not that which the LORD commanded .
14 : 2 And Jeroboam said to his wife , Arise , I pray thee , and disguise thyself , that thou be not known to be the wife of Jeroboam ; and get thee to Shiloh : behold , there is Ahijah the prophet , which told me that I should be king over this people .
21 : 3 And Naboth said to Ahab , The LORD forbid it me , that I should give the inheritance of my fathers unto thee .
3 : 27 Then he took his eldest son that should have reigned in his stead , and offered him for a burnt offering upon the wall .
4 : 43 And his servitor said , What , should I set this before an hundred men ?
6 : 33 And while he yet talked with them , behold , the messenger came down unto him : and he said , Behold , this evil is of the LORD ; what should I wait for the LORD any longer ?
7 : 18 And it came to pass as the man of God had spoken to the king , saying , Two measures of barley for a shekel , and a measure of fine flour for a shekel , shall be to morrow about this time in the gate of Samaria : 7 : 19 And that lord answered the man of God , and said , Now , behold , if the LORD should make windows in heaven , might such a thing be ?
8 : 13 And Hazael said , But what , is thy servant a dog , that he should do this great thing ?
And he answered , He told me that thou shouldest surely recover .
11 : 9 And the captains over the hundreds did according to all things that Jehoiada the priest commanded : and they took every man his men that were to come in on the sabbath , with them that should go out on the sabbath , and came to Jehoiada the priest .
11 : 17 And Jehoiada made a covenant between the LORD and the king and the people , that they should be the LORD ' s people ; between the king also and the people .
13 : 19 And the man of God was wroth with him , and said , Thou shouldest have smitten five or six times ; then hadst thou smitten Syria till thou hadst consumed it : whereas now thou shalt smite Syria but thrice .
14 : 10 Thou hast indeed smitten Edom , and thine heart hath lifted thee up : glory of this , and tarry at home : for why shouldest thou meddle to thy hurt , that thou shouldest fall , even thou , and Judah with thee ?
17 : 15 And they rejected his statutes , and his covenant that he made with their fathers , and his testimonies which he testified against them ; and they followed vanity , and became vain , and went after the heathen that were round about them , concerning whom the LORD had charged them , that they should not do like them .
17 : 28 Then one of the priests whom they had carried away from Samaria came and dwelt in Bethel , and taught them how they should fear the LORD .
18 : 35 Who are they among all the gods of the countries , that have delivered their country out of mine hand , that the LORD should deliver Jerusalem out of mine hand ?
now have I brought it to pass , that thou shouldest be to lay waste fenced cities into ruinous heaps .
22 : 18 But to the king of Judah which sent you to enquire of the LORD , thus shall ye say to him , Thus saith the LORD God of Israel , As touching the words which thou hast heard ; 22 : 19 Because thine heart was tender , and thou hast humbled thyself before the LORD , when thou heardest what I spake against this place , and against the inhabitants thereof , that they should become a desolation and a curse , and hast rent thy clothes , and wept before me ; I also have heard thee , saith the LORD .
9 : 28 And certain of them had the charge of the ministering vessels , that they should bring them in and out by tale .
11 : 19 And said , My God forbid it me , that I should do this thing : shall I drink the blood of these men that have put their lives in jeopardy ?
16 : 37 So he left there before the ark of the covenant of the LORD Asaph and his brethren , to minister before the ark continually , as every day ' s work required : 16 : 38 And Obededom with their brethren , threescore and eight ; Obededom also the son of Jeduthun and Hosah to be porters : 16 : 39 And Zadok the priest , and his brethren the priests , before the tabernacle of the LORD in the high place that was at Gibeon , 16 : 40 To offer burnt offerings unto the LORD upon the altar of the burnt offering continually morning and evening , and to do according to all that is written in the law of the LORD , which he commanded Israel ; 16 : 41 And with them Heman and Jeduthun , and the rest that were chosen , who were expressed by name , to give thanks to the LORD , because his mercy endureth for ever ; 16 : 42 And with them Heman and Jeduthun with trumpets and cymbals for those that should make a sound , and with musical instruments of God .
17 : 7 Now therefore thus shalt thou say unto my servant David , Thus saith the LORD of hosts , I took thee from the sheepcote , even from following the sheep , that thou shouldest be ruler over my people Israel : 17 : 8 And I have been with thee whithersoever thou hast walked , and have cut off all thine enemies from before thee , and have made thee a name like the name of the great men that are in the earth .
let thine hand , I pray thee , O LORD my God , be on me , and on my father ' s house ; but not on thy people , that they should be plagued .
21 : 18 Then the angel of the LORD commanded Gad to say to David , that David should go up , and set up an altar unto the LORD in the threshingfloor of Ornan the Jebusite .
23 : 13 The sons of Amram ; Aaron and Moses : and Aaron was separated , that he should sanctify the most holy things , he and his sons for ever , to burn incense before the LORD , to minister unto him , and to bless in his name for ever .
23 : 27 For by the last words of David the Levites were numbered from twenty years old and above : 23 : 28 Because their office was to wait on the sons of Aaron for the service of the house of the LORD , in the courts , and in the chambers , and in the purifying of all holy things , and the work of the service of the house of God ; 23 : 29 Both for the shewbread , and for the fine flour for meat offering , and for the unleavened cakes , and for that which is baked in the pan , and for that which is fried , and for all manner of measure and size ; 23 : 30 And to stand every morning to thank and praise the LORD , and likewise at even : 23 : 31 And to offer all burnt sacrifices unto the LORD in the sabbaths , in the new moons , and on the set feasts , by number , according to the order commanded unto them , continually before the LORD : 23 : 32 And that they should keep the charge of the tabernacle of the congregation , and the charge of the holy place , and the charge of the sons of Aaron their brethren , in the service of the house of the LORD .
25 : 1 Moreover David and the captains of the host separated to the service of the sons of Asaph , and of Heman , and of Jeduthun , who should prophesy with harps , with psalteries , and with cymbals : and the number of the workmen according to their service was : 25 : 2 Of the sons of Asaph ; Zaccur , and Joseph , and Nethaniah , and Asarelah , the sons of Asaph under the hands of Asaph , which prophesied according to the order of the king .
29 : 14 But who am I , and what is my people , that we should be able to offer so willingly after this sort ?
who am I then , that I should build him an house , save only to burn sacrifice before him ?
4 : 19 And Solomon made all the vessels that were for the house of God , the golden altar also , and the tables whereon the shewbread was set ; 4 : 20 Moreover the candlesticks with their lamps , that they should burn after the manner before the oracle , of pure gold ; 4 : 21 And the flowers , and the lamps , and the tongs , made he of gold , and that perfect gold ; 4 : 22 And the snuffers , and the basons , and the spoons , and the censers , of pure gold : and the entry of the house , the inner doors thereof for the most holy place , and the doors of the house of the temple , were of gold .
6 : 26 When the heaven is shut up , and there is no rain , because they have sinned against thee ; yet if they pray toward this place , and confess thy name , and turn from their sin , when thou dost afflict them ; 6 : 27 Then hear thou from heaven , and forgive the sin of thy servants , and of thy people Israel , when thou hast taught them the good way , wherein they should walk ; and send rain upon thy land , which thou hast given unto thy people for an inheritance .
15 : 12 And they entered into a covenant to seek the LORD God of their fathers with all their heart and with all their soul ; 15 : 13 That whosoever would not seek the LORD God of Israel should be put to death , whether small or great , whether man or woman .
19 : 2 And Jehu the son of Hanani the seer went out to meet him , and said to king Jehoshaphat , Shouldest thou help the ungodly , and love them that hate the LORD ?
20 : 21 And when he had consulted with the people , he appointed singers unto the LORD , and that should praise the beauty of holiness , as they went out before the army , and to say , Praise the LORD ; for his mercy endureth for ever .
23 : 16 And Jehoiada made a covenant between him , and between all the people , and between the king , that they should be the LORD ' s people .
23 : 19 And he set the porters at the gates of the house of the LORD , that none which was unclean in any thing should enter in .
25 : 13 But the soldiers of the army which Amaziah sent back , that they should not go with him to battle , fell upon the cities of Judah , from Samaria even unto Bethhoron , and smote three thousand of them , and took much spoil .
forbear ; why shouldest thou be smitten ?
25 : 19 Thou sayest , Lo , thou hast smitten the Edomites ; and thine heart lifteth thee up to boast : abide now at home ; why shouldest thou meddle to thine hurt , that thou shouldest fall , even thou , and Judah with thee ?
29 : 11 My sons , be not now negligent : for the LORD hath chosen you to stand before him , to serve him , and that ye should minister unto him , and burn incense .
29 : 23 And they brought forth the he goats for the sin offering before the king and the congregation ; and they laid their hands upon them : 29 : 24 And the priests killed them , and they made reconciliation with their blood upon the altar , to make an atonement for all Israel : for the king commanded that the burnt offering and the sin offering should be made for all Israel .
30 : 1 And Hezekiah sent to all Israel and Judah , and wrote letters also to Ephraim and Manasseh , that they should come to the house of the LORD at Jerusalem , to keep the passover unto the LORD God of Israel .
30 : 5 So they established a decree to make proclamation throughout all Israel , from Beersheba even to Dan , that they should come to keep the passover unto the LORD God of Israel at Jerusalem : for they had not done it of a long time in such sort as it was written .
32 : 4 So there was gathered much people together , who stopped all the fountains , and the brook that ran through the midst of the land , saying , Why should the kings of Assyria come , and find much water ?
32 : 14 Who was there among all the gods of those nations that my fathers utterly destroyed , that could deliver his people out of mine hand , that your God should be able to deliver you out of mine hand ?
2 : 63 And the Tirshatha said unto them , that they should not eat of the most holy things , till there stood up a priest with Urim and with Thummim .
4 : 22 Take heed now that ye fail not to do this : why should damage grow to the hurt of the kings ?
7 : 23 Whatsoever is commanded by the God of heaven , let it be diligently done for the house of the God of heaven : for why should there be wrath against the realm of the king and his sons ?
8 : 17 And I sent them with commandment unto Iddo the chief at the place Casiphia , and I told them what they should say unto Iddo , and to his brethren the Nethinims , at the place Casiphia , that they should bring unto us ministers for the house of our God .
9 : 13 And after all that is come upon us for our evil deeds , and for our great trespass , seeing that thou our God hast punished us less than our iniquities deserve , and hast given us such deliverance as this ; 9 : 14 Should we again break thy commandments , and join in affinity with the people of these abominations ?
wouldest not thou be angry with us till thou hadst consumed us , so that there should be no remnant nor escaping ?
10 : 5 Then arose Ezra , and made the chief priests , the Levites , and all Israel , to swear that they should do according to this word .
10 : 7 And they made proclamation throughout Judah and Jerusalem unto all the children of the captivity , that they should gather themselves together unto Jerusalem ; 10 : 8 And that whosoever would not come within three days , according to the counsel of the princes and the elders , all his substance should be forfeited , and himself separated from the congregation of those that had been carried away .
Then I was very sore afraid , 2 : 3 And said unto the king , Let the king live for ever : why should not my countenance be sad , when the city , the place of my fathers ' sepulchres , lieth waste , and the gates thereof are consumed with fire ?
Then I called the priests , and took an oath of them , that they should do according to this promise .
6 : 3 And I sent messengers unto them , saying , I am doing a great work , so that I cannot come down : why should the work cease , whilst I leave it , and come down to you ?
6 : 11 And I said , Should such a man as I flee ?
6 : 13 Therefore was he hired , that I should be afraid , and do so , and sin , and that they might have matter for an evil report , that they might reproach me .
7 : 65 And the Tirshatha said unto them , that they should not eat of the most holy things , till there stood up a priest with Urim and Thummim .
8 : 14 And they found written in the law which the LORD had commanded by Moses , that the children of Israel should dwell in booths in the feast of the seventh month : 8 : 15 And that they should publish and proclaim in all their cities , and in Jerusalem , saying , Go forth unto the mount , and fetch olive branches , and pine branches , and myrtle branches , and palm branches , and branches of thick trees , to make booths , as it is written .
9 : 12 Moreover thou leddest them in the day by a cloudy pillar ; and in the night by a pillar of fire , to give them light in the way wherein they should go .
9 : 13 Thou camest down also upon mount Sinai , and spakest with them from heaven , and gavest them right judgments , and true laws , good statutes and commandments : 9 : 14 And madest known unto them thy holy sabbath , and commandedst them precepts , statutes , and laws , by the hand of Moses thy servant : 9 : 15 And gavest them bread from heaven for their hunger , and broughtest forth water for them out of the rock for their thirst , and promisedst them that they should go in to possess the land which thou hadst sworn to give them .
9 : 18 Yea , when they had made them a molten calf , and said , This is thy God that brought thee up out of Egypt , and had wrought great provocations ; 9 : 19 Yet thou in thy manifold mercies forsookest them not in the wilderness : the pillar of the cloud departed not from them by day , to lead them in the way ; neither the pillar of fire by night , to shew them light , and the way wherein they should go .
9 : 23 Their children also multipliedst thou as the stars of heaven , and broughtest them into the land , concerning which thou hadst promised to their fathers , that they should go in to possess it .
10 : 34 And we cast the lots among the priests , the Levites , and the people , for the wood offering , to bring it into the house of our God , after the houses of our fathers , at times appointed year by year , to burn upon the altar of the LORD our God , as it is written in the law : 10 : 35 And to bring the firstfruits of our ground , and the firstfruits of all fruit of all trees , year by year , unto the house of the LORD : 10 : 36 Also the firstborn of our sons , and of our cattle , as it is written in the law , and the firstlings of our herds and of our flocks , to bring to the house of our God , unto the priests that minister in the house of our God : 10 : 37 And that we should bring the firstfruits of our dough , and our offerings , and the fruit of all manner of trees , of wine and of oil , unto the priests , to the chambers of the house of our God ; and the tithes of our ground unto the Levites , that the same Levites might have the tithes in all the cities of our tillage .
11 : 23 For it was the king ' s commandment concerning them , that a certain portion should be for the singers , due for every day .
13 : 1 On that day they read in the book of Moses in the audience of the people ; and therein was found written , that the Ammonite and the Moabite should not come into the congregation of God for ever ; 13 : 2 Because they met not the children of Israel with bread and with water , but hired Balaam against them , that he should curse them : howbeit our God turned the curse into a blessing .
13 : 19 And it came to pass , that when the gates of Jerusalem began to be dark before the sabbath , I commanded that the gates should be shut , and charged that they should not be opened till after the sabbath : and some of my servants set I at the gates , that there should no burden be brought in on the sabbath day .
13 : 22 And I commanded the Levites that they should cleanse themselves , and that they should come and keep the gates , to sanctify the sabbath day .
1 : 8 And the drinking was according to the law ; none did compel : for so the king had appointed to all the officers of his house , that they should do according to every man ' s pleasure .
1 : 21 And the saying pleased the king and the princes ; and the king did according to the word of Memucan : 1 : 22 For he sent letters into all the king ' s provinces , into every province according to the writing thereof , and to every people after their language , that every man should bear rule in his own house , and that it should be published according to the language of every people .
2 : 10 Esther had not shewed her people nor her kindred : for Mordecai had charged her that she should not shew it .
2 : 11 And Mordecai walked every day before the court of the women ' s house , to know how Esther did , and what should become of her .
3 : 14 The copy of the writing for a commandment to be given in every province was published unto all people , that they should be ready against that day .
4 : 8 Also he gave him the copy of the writing of the decree that was given at Shushan to destroy them , to shew it unto Esther , and to declare it unto her , and to charge her that she should go in unto the king , to make supplication unto him , and to make request before him for her people .
8 : 13 The copy of the writing for a commandment to be given in every province was published unto all people , and that the Jews should be ready against that day to avenge themselves on their enemies .
9 : 20 And Mordecai wrote these things , and sent letters unto all the Jews that were in all the provinces of the king Ahasuerus , both nigh and far , 9 : 21 To stablish this among them , that they should keep the fourteenth day of the month Adar , and the fifteenth day of the same , yearly , 9 : 22 As the days wherein the Jews rested from their enemies , and the month which was turned unto them from sorrow to joy , and from mourning into a good day : that they should make them days of feasting and joy , and of sending portions one to another , and gifts to the poor .
9 : 23 And the Jews undertook to do as they had begun , and as Mordecai had written unto them ; 9 : 24 Because Haman the son of Hammedatha , the Agagite , the enemy of all the Jews , had devised against the Jews to destroy them , and had cast Pur , that is , the lot , to consume them , and to destroy them ; 9 : 25 But when Esther came before the king , he commanded by letters that his wicked device , which he devised against the Jews , should return upon his own head , and that he and his sons should be hanged on the gallows .
Therefore for all the words of this letter , and of that which they had seen concerning this matter , and which had come unto them , 9 : 27 The Jews ordained , and took upon them , and upon their seed , and upon all such as joined themselves unto them , so as it should not fail , that they would keep these two days according to their writing , and according to their appointed time every year ; 9 : 28 And that these days should be remembered and kept throughout every generation , every family , every province , and every city ; and that these days of Purim should not fail from among the Jews , nor the memorial of them perish from their seed .
or why the breasts that I should suck ?
3 : 13 For now should I have lain still and been quiet , I should have slept : then had I been at rest , 3 : 14 With kings and counsellors of the earth , which build desolate places for themselves ; 3 : 15 Or with princes that had gold , who filled their houses with silver : 3 : 16 Or as an hidden untimely birth I had not been ; as infants which never saw light .
6 : 10 Then should I yet have comfort ; yea , I would harden myself in sorrow : let him not spare ; for I have not concealed the words of the Holy One .
6 : 11 What is my strength , that I should hope ?
and what is mine end , that I should prolong my life ?
6 : 14 To him that is afflicted pity should be shewed from his friend ; but he forsaketh the fear of the Almighty .
7 : 17 What is man , that thou shouldest magnify him ?
and that thou shouldest set thine heart upon him ?
7 : 18 And that thou shouldest visit him every morning , and try him every moment ?
8 : 7 Though thy beginning was small , yet thy latter end should greatly increase .
9 : 1 Then Job answered and said , 9 : 2 I know it is so of a truth : but how should man be just with God ?
9 : 32 For he is not a man , as I am , that I should answer him , and we should come together in judgment .
10 : 3 Is it good unto thee that thou shouldest oppress , that thou shouldest despise the work of thine hands , and shine upon the counsel of the wicked ?
10 : 19 I should have been as though I had not been ; I should have been carried from the womb to the grave .
11 : 1 Then answered Zophar the Naamathite , and said , 11 : 2 Should not the multitude of words be answered ?
and should a man full of talk be justified ?
11 : 3 Should thy lies make men hold their peace ?
and it should be your wisdom .
13 : 9 Is it good that he should search you out ?
15 : 1 Then answered Eliphaz the Temanite , and said , 15 : 2 Should a wise man utter vain knowledge , and fill his belly with the east wind ?
15 : 3 Should he reason with unprofitable talk ?
15 : 14 What is man , that he should be clean ?
and he which is born of a woman , that he should be righteous ?
16 : 5 But I would strengthen you with my mouth , and the moving of my lips should asswage your grief .
19 : 28 But ye should say , Why persecute we him , seeing the root of the matter is found in me ?
and if it were so , why should not my spirit be troubled ?
21 : 15 What is the Almighty , that we should serve him ?
and what profit should we have , if we pray unto him ?
23 : 7 There the righteous might dispute with him ; so should I be delivered for ever from my judge .
27 : 5 God forbid that I should justify you : till I die I will not remove mine integrity from me .
31 : 1 I made a covenant with mine eyes ; why then should I think upon a maid ?
31 : 24 If I have made gold my hope , or have said to the fine gold , Thou art my confidence ; 31 : 25 If I rejoice because my wealth was great , and because mine hand had gotten much ; 31 : 26 If I beheld the sun when it shined , or the moon walking in brightness ; 31 : 27 And my heart hath been secretly enticed , or my mouth hath kissed my hand : 31 : 28 This also were an iniquity to be punished by the judge : for I should have denied the God that is above .
32 : 7 I said , Days should speak , and multitude of years should teach wisdom .
32 : 12 Yea , I attended unto you , and , behold , there was none of you that convinced Job , or that answered his words : 32 : 13 Lest ye should say , We have found out wisdom : God thrusteth him down , not man .
34 : 6 Should I lie against my right ?
34 : 9 For he hath said , It profiteth a man nothing that he should delight himself with God .
34 : 10 Therefore hearken unto me ye men of understanding : far be it from God , that he should do wickedness ; and from the Almighty , that he should commit iniquity .
34 : 23 For he will not lay upon man more than right ; that he should enter into judgment with God .
34 : 33 Should it be according to thy mind ?
36 : 16 Even so would he have removed thee out of the strait into a broad place , where there is no straitness ; and that which should be set on thy table should be full of fatness .
and as for darkness , where is the place thereof , 38 : 20 That thou shouldest take it to the bound thereof , and that thou shouldest know the paths to the house thereof ?
41 : 11 Who hath prevented me , that I should repay him ?
27 : 3 Though an host should encamp against me , my heart shall not fear : though war should rise against me , in this will I be confident .
30 : 3 O LORD , thou hast brought up my soul from the grave : thou hast kept me alive , that I should not go down to the pit .
38 : 16 For I said , Hear me , lest otherwise they should rejoice over me : when my foot slippeth , they magnify themselves against me .
49 : 5 Wherefore should I fear in the days of evil , when the iniquity of my heels shall compass me about ?
49 : 9 That he should still live for ever , and not see corruption .
50 : 16 But unto the wicked God saith , What hast thou to do to declare my statutes , or that thou shouldest take my covenant in thy mouth ?
69 : 22 Let their table become a snare before them : and that which should have been for their welfare , let it become a trap .
73 : 15 If I say , I will speak thus ; behold , I should offend against the generation of thy children .
78 : 5 For he established a testimony in Jacob , and appointed a law in Israel , which he commanded our fathers , that they should make them known to their children :
78 : 6 That the generation to come might know them , even the children which should be born ; who should arise and declare them to their children :
79 : 10 Wherefore should the heathen say , Where is their God ?
81 : 14 I should soon have subdued their enemies , and turned my hand against their adversaries .
81 : 15 The haters of the LORD should have submitted themselves unto him : but their time should have endured for ever .
81 : 16 He should have fed them also with the finest of the wheat : and with honey out of the rock should I have satisfied thee .
95 : 11 Unto whom I sware in my wrath that they should not enter into my rest .
104 : 5 Who laid the foundations of the earth , that it should not be removed for ever .
106 : 23 Therefore he said that he would destroy them , had not Moses his chosen stood before him in the breach , to turn away his wrath , lest he should destroy them .
115 : 2 Wherefore should the heathen say , Where is now their God ?
119 : 92 Unless thy law had been my delights , I should then have perished in mine affliction .
130 : 3 If thou , LORD , shouldest mark iniquities , O Lord , who shall stand ?
139 : 18 If I should count them , they are more in number than the sand : when I awake , I am still with thee .
143 : 8 Cause me to hear thy lovingkindness in the morning ; for in thee do I trust : cause me to know the way wherein I should walk ; for I lift up my soul unto thee .
5 : 6 Lest thou shouldest ponder the path of life , her ways are moveable , that thou canst not know them .
8 : 27 When he prepared the heavens , I was there : when he set a compass upon the face of the depth : 8 : 28 When he established the clouds above : when he strengthened the fountains of the deep : 8 : 29 When he gave to the sea his decree , that the waters should not pass his commandment : when he appointed the foundations of the earth : 8 : 30 Then I was by him , as one brought up with him : and I was daily his delight , rejoicing always before him ; 8 : 31 Rejoicing in the habitable part of his earth ; and my delights were with the sons of men .
22 : 6 Train up a child in the way he should go : and when he is old , he will not depart from it .
22 : 27 If thou hast nothing to pay , why should he take away thy bed from under thee ?
25 : 6 Put not forth thyself in the presence of the king , and stand not in the place of great men : 25 : 7 For better it is that it be said unto thee , Come up hither ; than that thou shouldest be put lower in the presence of the prince whom thine eyes have seen .
27 : 22 Though thou shouldest bray a fool in a mortar among wheat with a pestle , yet will not his foolishness depart from him .
2 : 3 I sought in mine heart to give myself unto wine , yet acquainting mine heart with wisdom ; and to lay hold on folly , till I might see what was that good for the sons of men , which they should do under the heaven all the days of their life .
2 : 18 Yea , I hated all my labour which I had taken under the sun : because I should leave it unto the man that shall be after me .
2 : 24 There is nothing better for a man , than that he should eat and drink , and that he should make his soul enjoy good in his labour .
3 : 13 And also that every man should eat and drink , and enjoy the good of all his labour , it is the gift of God .
3 : 14 I know that , whatsoever God doeth , it shall be for ever : nothing can be put to it , nor any thing taken from it : and God doeth it , that men should fear before him .
3 : 22 Wherefore I perceive that there is nothing better , than that a man should rejoice in his own works ; for that is his portion : for who shall bring him to see what shall be after him ?
5 : 5 Better is it that thou shouldest not vow , than that thou shouldest vow and not pay .
5 : 6 Suffer not thy mouth to cause thy flesh to sin ; neither say thou before the angel , that it was an error : wherefore should God be angry at thy voice , and destroy the work of thine hands ?
7 : 14 In the day of prosperity be joyful , but in the day of adversity consider : God also hath set the one over against the other , to the end that man should find nothing after him .
7 : 16 Be not righteous over much ; neither make thyself over wise : why shouldest thou destroy thyself ?
7 : 17 Be not over much wicked , neither be thou foolish : why shouldest thou die before thy time ?
7 : 18 It is good that thou shouldest take hold of this ; yea , also from this withdraw not thine hand : for he that feareth God shall come forth of them all .
1 : 7 Tell me , O thou whom my soul loveth , where thou feedest , where thou makest thy flock to rest at noon : for why should I be as one that turneth aside by the flocks of thy companions ?
when I should find thee without , I would kiss thee ; yea , I should not be despised .
8 : 3 His left hand should be under my head , and his right hand should embrace me .
1 : 5 Why should ye be stricken any more ?
1 : 9 Except the LORD of hosts had left unto us a very small remnant , we should have been as Sodom , and we should have been like unto Gomorrah .
My wellbeloved hath a vineyard in a very fruitful hill : 5 : 2 And he fenced it , and gathered out the stones thereof , and planted it with the choicest vine , and built a tower in the midst of it , and also made a winepress therein : and he looked that it should bring forth grapes , and it brought forth wild grapes .
wherefore , when I looked that it should bring forth grapes , brought it forth wild grapes ?
8 : 11 For the LORD spake thus to me with a strong hand , and instructed me that I should not walk in the way of this people , saying , 8 : 12 Say ye not , A confederacy , to all them to whom this people shall say , A confederacy ; neither fear ye their fear , nor be afraid .
8 : 19 And when they shall say unto you , Seek unto them that have familiar spirits , and unto wizards that peep , and that mutter : should not a people seek unto their God ?
as if the rod should shake itself against them that lift it up , or as if the staff should lift up itself , as if it were no wood .
36 : 20 Who are they among all the gods of these lands , that have delivered their land out of my hand , that the LORD should deliver Jerusalem out of my hand ?
now have I brought it to pass , that thou shouldest be to lay waste defenced cities into ruinous heaps .
41 : 7 So the carpenter encouraged the goldsmith , and he that smootheth with the hammer him that smote the anvil , saying , It is ready for the sodering : and he fastened it with nails , that it should not be moved .
48 : 4 Because I knew that thou art obstinate , and thy neck is an iron sinew , and thy brow brass ; 48 : 5 I have even from the beginning declared it to thee ; before it came to pass I shewed it thee : lest thou shouldest say , Mine idol hath done them , and my graven image , and my molten image , hath commanded them .
48 : 7 They are created now , and not from the beginning ; even before the day when thou heardest them not ; lest thou shouldest say , Behold , I knew them .
48 : 11 For mine own sake , even for mine own sake , will I do it : for how should my name be polluted ?
48 : 17 Thus saith the LORD , thy Redeemer , the Holy One of Israel ; I am the LORD thy God which teacheth thee to profit , which leadeth thee by the way that thou shouldest go .
then had thy peace been as a river , and thy righteousness as the waves of the sea : 48 : 19 Thy seed also had been as the sand , and the offspring of thy bowels like the gravel thereof ; his name should not have been cut off nor destroyed from before me .
49 : 6 And he said , It is a light thing that thou shouldest be my servant to raise up the tribes of Jacob , and to restore the preserved of Israel : I will also give thee for a light to the Gentiles , that thou mayest be my salvation unto the end of the earth .
49 : 15 Can a woman forget her sucking child , that she should not have compassion on the son of her womb ?
50 : 4 The Lord GOD hath given me the tongue of the learned , that I should know how to speak a word in season to him that is weary : he wakeneth morning by morning , he wakeneth mine ear to hear as the learned .
51 : 12 I , even I , am he that comforteth you : who art thou , that thou shouldest be afraid of a man that shall die , and of the son of man which shall be made as grass ; 51 : 13 And forgettest the LORD thy maker , that hath stretched forth the heavens , and laid the foundations of the earth ; and hast feared continually every day because of the fury of the oppressor , as if he were ready to destroy ?
51 : 14 The captive exile hasteneth that he may be loosed , and that he should not die in the pit , nor that his bread should fail .
53 : 2 For he shall grow up before him as a tender plant , and as a root out of a dry ground : he hath no form nor comeliness ; and when we shall see him , there is no beauty that we should desire him .
54 : 9 For this is as the waters of Noah unto me : for as I have sworn that the waters of Noah should no more go over the earth ; so have I sworn that I would not be wroth with thee , nor rebuke thee .
Should I receive comfort in these ?
57 : 16 For I will not contend for ever , neither will I be always wroth : for the spirit should fail before me , and the souls which I have made .
63 : 13 That led them through the deep , as an horse in the wilderness , that they should not stumble ?
5 : 17 And they shall eat up thine harvest , and thy bread , which thy sons and thy daughters should eat : they shall eat up thy flocks and thine herds : they shall eat up thy vines and thy fig trees : they shall impoverish thy fenced cities , wherein thou trustedst , with the sword .
14 : 8 O the hope of Israel , the saviour thereof in time of trouble , why shouldest thou be as a stranger in the land , and as a wayfaring man that turneth aside to tarry for a night ?
14 : 9 Why shouldest thou be as a man astonied , as a mighty man that cannot save ?
20 : 18 Wherefore came I forth out of the womb to see labour and sorrow , that my days should be consumed with shame ?
23 : 22 But if they had stood in my counsel , and had caused my people to hear my words , then they should have turned them from their evil way , and from the evil of their doings .
25 : 29 For , lo , I begin to bring evil on the city which is called by my name , and should ye be utterly unpunished ?
26 : 24 Nevertheless the hand of Ahikam the son of Shaphan was with Jeremiah , that they should not give him into the hand of the people to put him to death .
27 : 9 Therefore hearken not ye to your prophets , nor to your diviners , nor to your dreamers , nor to your enchanters , nor to your sorcerers , which speak unto you , saying , Ye shall not serve the king of Babylon : 27 : 10 For they prophesy a lie unto you , to remove you far from your land ; and that I should drive you out , and ye should perish .
27 : 17 Hearken not unto them ; serve the king of Babylon , and live : wherefore should this city be laid waste ?
29 : 24 Thus shalt thou also speak to Shemaiah the Nehelamite , saying , 29 : 25 Thus speaketh the LORD of hosts , the God of Israel , saying , Because thou hast sent letters in thy name unto all the people that are at Jerusalem , and to Zephaniah the son of Maaseiah the priest , and to all the priests , saying , 29 : 26 The LORD hath made thee priest in the stead of Jehoiada the priest , that ye should be officers in the house of the LORD , for every man that is mad , and maketh himself a prophet , that thou shouldest put him in prison , and in the stocks .
32 : 31 For this city hath been to me as a provocation of mine anger and of my fury from the day that they built it even unto this day ; that I should remove it from before my face , 32 : 32 Because of all the evil of the children of Israel and of the children of Judah , which they have done to provoke me to anger , they , their kings , their princes , their priests , and their prophets , and the men of Judah , and the inhabitants of Jerusalem .
32 : 35 And they built the high places of Baal , which are in the valley of the son of Hinnom , to cause their sons and their daughters to pass through the fire unto Molech ; which I commanded them not , neither came it into my mind , that they should do this abomination , to cause Judah to sin .
33 : 19 And the word of the LORD came unto Jeremiah , saying , 33 : 20 Thus saith the LORD ; If ye can break my covenant of the day , and my covenant of the night , and that there should not be day and night in their season ; 33 : 21 Then may also my covenant be broken with David my servant , that he should not have a son to reign upon his throne ; and with the Levites the priests , my ministers .
thus they have despised my people , that they should be no more a nation before them .
34 : 8 This is the word that came unto Jeremiah from the LORD , after that the king Zedekiah had made a covenant with all the people which were at Jerusalem , to proclaim liberty unto them ; 34 : 9 That every man should let his manservant , and every man his maidservant , being an Hebrew or an Hebrewess , go free ; that none should serve himself of them , to wit , of a Jew his brother .
34 : 10 Now when all the princes , and all the people , which had entered into the covenant , heard that every one should let his manservant , and every one his maidservant , go free , that none should serve themselves of them any more , then they obeyed , and let them go .
37 : 10 For though ye had smitten the whole army of the Chaldeans that fight against you , and there remained but wounded men among them , yet should they rise up every man in his tent , and burn this city with fire .
37 : 21 Then Zedekiah the king commanded that they should commit Jeremiah into the court of the prison , and that they should give him daily a piece of bread out of the bakers ' street , until all the bread in the city were spent .
39 : 13 So Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard sent , and Nebushasban , Rabsaris , and Nergalsharezer , Rabmag , and all the king of Babylon ' s princes ; 39 : 14 Even they sent , and took Jeremiah out of the court of the prison , and committed him unto Gedaliah the son of Ahikam the son of Shaphan , that he should carry him home : so he dwelt among the people .
40 : 15 Then Johanan the son of Kareah spake to Gedaliah in Mizpah secretly saying , Let me go , I pray thee , and I will slay Ishmael the son of Nethaniah , and no man shall know it : wherefore should he slay thee , that all the Jews which are gathered unto thee should be scattered , and the remnant in Judah perish ?
44 : 13 For I will punish them that dwell in the land of Egypt , as I have punished Jerusalem , by the sword , by the famine , and by the pestilence : 44 : 14 So that none of the remnant of Judah , which are gone into the land of Egypt to sojourn there , shall escape or remain , that they should return into the land of Judah , to the which they have a desire to return to dwell there : for none shall return but such as shall escape .
46 : 13 The word that the LORD spake to Jeremiah the prophet , how Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon should come and smite the land of Egypt .
49 : 16 Thy terribleness hath deceived thee , and the pride of thine heart , O thou that dwellest in the clefts of the rock , that holdest the height of the hill : though thou shouldest make thy nest as high as the eagle , I will bring thee down from thence , saith the LORD .
51 : 53 Though Babylon should mount up to heaven , and though she should fortify the height of her strength , yet from me shall spoilers come unto her , saith the LORD .
51 : 60 So Jeremiah wrote in a book all the evil that should come upon Babylon , even all these words that are written against Babylon .
1 : 10 The adversary hath spread out his hand upon all her pleasant things : for she hath seen that the heathen entered into her sanctuary , whom thou didst command that they should not enter into thy congregation .
1 : 16 For these things I weep ; mine eye , mine eye runneth down with water , because the comforter that should relieve my soul is far from me : my children are desolate , because the enemy prevailed .
1 : 17 Zion spreadeth forth her hands , and there is none to comfort her : the LORD hath commanded concerning Jacob , that his adversaries should be round about him : Jerusalem is as a menstruous woman among them .
3 : 26 It is good that a man should both hope and quietly wait for the salvation of the LORD .
3 : 44 Thou hast covered thyself with a cloud , that our prayer should not pass through .
4 : 12 The kings of the earth , and all the inhabitants of the world , would not have believed that the adversary and the enemy should have entered into the gates of Jerusalem .
even the great abominations that the house of Israel committeth here , that I should go far off from my sanctuary ?
13 : 19 And will ye pollute me among my people for handfuls of barley and for pieces of bread , to slay the souls that should not die , and to save the souls alive that should not live , by your lying to my people that hear your lies ?
13 : 22 Because with lies ye have made the heart of the righteous sad , whom I have not made sad ; and strengthened the hands of the wicked , that he should not return from his wicked way , by promising him life : 13 : 23 Therefore ye shall see no more vanity , nor divine divinations : for I will deliver my people out of your hand : and ye shall know that I am the LORD .
14 : 2 And the word of the LORD came unto me , saying , 14 : 3 Son of man , these men have set up their idols in their heart , and put the stumblingblock of their iniquity before their face : should I be enquired of at all by them ?
14 : 12 The word of the LORD came again to me , saying , 14 : 13 Son of man , when the land sinneth against me by trespassing grievously , then will I stretch out mine hand upon it , and will break the staff of the bread thereof , and will send famine upon it , and will cut off man and beast from it : 14 : 14 Though these three men , Noah , Daniel , and Job , were in it , they should deliver but their own souls by their righteousness , saith the Lord GOD .
18 : 23 Have I any pleasure at all that the wicked should die ?
saith the Lord GOD : and not that he should return from his ways , and live ?
19 : 9 And they put him in ward in chains , and brought him to the king of Babylon : they brought him into holds , that his voice should no more be heard upon the mountains of Israel .
20 : 9 But I wrought for my name ' s sake , that it should not be polluted before the heathen , among whom they were , in whose sight I made myself known unto them , in bringing them forth out of the land of Egypt .
20 : 14 But I wrought for my name ' s sake , that it should not be polluted before the heathen , in whose sight I brought them out .
20 : 22 Nevertheless I withdrew mine hand , and wrought for my name ' s sake , that it should not be polluted in the sight of the heathen , in whose sight I brought them forth .
20 : 25 Wherefore I gave them also statutes that were not good , and judgments whereby they should not live ; 20 : 26 And I polluted them in their own gifts , in that they caused to pass through the fire all that openeth the womb , that I might make them desolate , to the end that they might know that I am the LORD .
21 : 8 Again the word of the LORD came unto me , saying , 21 : 9 Son of man , prophesy , and say , Thus saith the LORD ; Say , A sword , a sword is sharpened , and also furbished : 21 : 10 It is sharpened to make a sore slaughter ; it is furbished that it may glitter : should we then make mirth ?
22 : 30 And I sought for a man among them , that should make up the hedge , and stand in the gap before me for the land , that I should not destroy it : but I found none .
24 : 7 For her blood is in the midst of her ; she set it upon the top of a rock ; she poured it not upon the ground , to cover it with dust ; 24 : 8 That it might cause fury to come up to take vengeance ; I have set her blood upon the top of a rock , that it should not be covered .
33 : 10 Therefore , O thou son of man , speak unto the house of Israel ; Thus ye speak , saying , If our transgressions and our sins be upon us , and we pine away in them , how should we then live ?
should not the shepherds feed the flocks ?
1 : 3 And the king spake unto Ashpenaz the master of his eunuchs , that he should bring certain of the children of Israel , and of the king ' s seed , and of the princes ; 1 : 4 Children in whom was no blemish , but well favoured , and skilful in all wisdom , and cunning in knowledge , and understanding science , and such as had ability in them to stand in the king ' s palace , and whom they might teach the learning and the tongue of the Chaldeans .
1 : 10 And the prince of the eunuchs said unto Daniel , I fear my lord the king , who hath appointed your meat and your drink : for why should he see your faces worse liking than the children which are of your sort ?
1 : 16 Thus Melzar took away the portion of their meat , and the wine that they should drink ; and gave them pulse .
1 : 18 Now at the end of the days that the king had said he should bring them in , then the prince of the eunuchs brought them in before Nebuchadnezzar .
2 : 13 And the decree went forth that the wise men should be slain ; and they sought Daniel and his fellows to be slain .
2 : 17 Then Daniel went to his house , and made the thing known to Hananiah , Mishael , and Azariah , his companions : 2 : 18 That they would desire mercies of the God of heaven concerning this secret ; that Daniel and his fellows should not perish with the rest of the wise men of Babylon .
Thy dream , and the visions of thy head upon thy bed , are these ; 2 : 29 As for thee , O king , thy thoughts came into thy mind upon thy bed , what should come to pass hereafter : and he that revealeth secrets maketh known to thee what shall come to pass .
2 : 46 Then the king Nebuchadnezzar fell upon his face , and worshipped Daniel , and commanded that they should offer an oblation and sweet odours unto him .
3 : 10 Thou , O king , hast made a decree , that every man that shall hear the sound of the cornet , flute , harp , sackbut , psaltery , and dulcimer , and all kinds of musick , shall fall down and worship the golden image : 3 : 11 And whoso falleth not down and worshippeth , that he should be cast into the midst of a burning fiery furnace .
3 : 19 Then was Nebuchadnezzar full of fury , and the form of his visage was changed against Shadrach , Meshach , and Abednego : therefore he spake , and commanded that they should heat the furnace one seven times more than it was wont to be heated .
5 : 15 And now the wise men , the astrologers , have been brought in before me , that they should read this writing , and make known unto me the interpretation thereof : but they could not shew the interpretation of the thing : 5 : 16 And I have heard of thee , that thou canst make interpretations , and dissolve doubts : now if thou canst read the writing , and make known to me the interpretation thereof , thou shalt be clothed with scarlet , and have a chain of gold about thy neck , and shalt be the third ruler in the kingdom .
5 : 29 Then commanded Belshazzar , and they clothed Daniel with scarlet , and put a chain of gold about his neck , and made a proclamation concerning him , that he should be the third ruler in the kingdom .
6 : 1 It pleased Darius to set over the kingdom an hundred and twenty princes , which should be over the whole kingdom ; 6 : 2 And over these three presidents ; of whom Daniel was first : that the princes might give accounts unto them , and the king should have no damage .
6 : 23 Then was the king exceedingly glad for him , and commanded that they should take Daniel up out of the den .
7 : 14 And there was given him dominion , and glory , and a kingdom , that all people , nations , and languages , should serve him : his dominion is an everlasting dominion , which shall not pass away , and his kingdom that which shall not be destroyed .
10 : 3 For now they shall say , We have no king , because we feared not the LORD ; what then should a king do to us ?
10 : 10 It is in my desire that I should chastise them ; and the people shall be gathered against them , when they shall bind themselves in their two furrows .
13 : 13 The sorrows of a travailing woman shall come upon him : he is an unwise son ; for he should not stay long in the place of the breaking forth of children .
2 : 17 Let the priests , the ministers of the LORD , weep between the porch and the altar , and let them say , Spare thy people , O LORD , and give not thine heritage to reproach , that the heathen should rule over them : wherefore should they say among the people , Where is their God ?
1 : 12 But thou shouldest not have looked on the day of thy brother in the day that he became a stranger ; neither shouldest thou have rejoiced over the children of Judah in the day of their destruction ; neither shouldest thou have spoken proudly in the day of distress .
1 : 13 Thou shouldest not have entered into the gate of my people in the day of their calamity ; yea , thou shouldest not have looked on their affliction in the day of their calamity , nor have laid hands on their substance in the day of their calamity ; 1 : 14 Neither shouldest thou have stood in the crossway , to cut off those of his that did escape ; neither shouldest thou have delivered up those of his that did remain in the day of distress .
4 : 10 Then said the LORD , Thou hast had pity on the gourd , for the which thou hast not laboured , neither madest it grow ; which came up in a night , and perished in a night : 4 : 11 And should not I spare Nineveh , that great city , wherein are more then sixscore thousand persons that cannot discern between their right hand and their left hand ; and also much cattle ?
6 : 16 For the statutes of Omri are kept , and all the works of the house of Ahab , and ye walk in their counsels ; that I should make thee a desolation , and the inhabitants thereof an hissing : therefore ye shall bear the reproach of my people .
3 : 7 I said , Surely thou wilt fear me , thou wilt receive instruction ; so their dwelling should not be cut off , howsoever I punished them : but they rose early , and corrupted all their doings .
1 : 1 In the second year of Darius the king , in the sixth month , in the first day of the month , came the word of the LORD by Haggai the prophet unto Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel , governor of Judah , and to Joshua the son of Josedech , the high priest , saying , 1 : 2 Thus speaketh the LORD of hosts , saying , This people say , The time is not come , the time that the LORD ' s house should be built .
7 : 1 And it came to pass in the fourth year of king Darius , that the word of the LORD came unto Zechariah in the fourth day of the ninth month , even in Chisleu ; 7 : 2 When they had sent unto the house of God Sherezer and Regemmelech , and their men , to pray before the LORD , 7 : 3 And to speak unto the priests which were in the house of the LORD of hosts , and to the prophets , saying , Should I weep in the fifth month , separating myself , as I have done these so many years ?
7 : 7 Should ye not hear the words which the LORD hath cried by the former prophets , when Jerusalem was inhabited and in prosperity , and the cities thereof round about her , when men inhabited the south and the plain ?
7 : 11 But they refused to hearken , and pulled away the shoulder , and stopped their ears , that they should not hear .
7 : 12 Yea , they made their hearts as an adamant stone , lest they should hear the law , and the words which the LORD of hosts hath sent in his spirit by the former prophets : therefore came a great wrath from the LORD of hosts .
8 : 6 Thus saith the LORD of hosts ; If it be marvellous in the eyes of the remnant of this people in these days , should it also be marvellous in mine eyes ?
and ye have snuffed at it , saith the LORD of hosts ; and ye brought that which was torn , and the lame , and the sick ; thus ye brought an offering : should I accept this of your hand ?
2 : 7 For the priest ' s lips should keep knowledge , and they should seek the law at his mouth : for he is the messenger of the LORD of hosts .
2 : 4 And when he had gathered all the chief priests and scribes of the people together , he demanded of them where Christ should be born .
2 : 12 And being warned of God in a dream that they should not return to Herod , they departed into their own country another way .
5 : 29 And if thy right eye offend thee , pluck it out , and cast it from thee : for it is profitable for thee that one of thy members should perish , and not that thy whole body should be cast into hell .
5 : 30 And if thy right hand offend thee , cut it off , and cast it from thee : for it is profitable for thee that one of thy members should perish , and not that thy whole body should be cast into hell .
7 : 12 Therefore all things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you , do ye even so to them : for this is the law and the prophets .
8 : 8 The centurion answered and said , Lord , I am not worthy that thou shouldest come under my roof : but speak the word only , and my servant shall be healed .
11 : 2 Now when John had heard in the prison the works of Christ , he sent two of his disciples , 11 : 3 And said unto him , Art thou he that should come , or do we look for another ?
12 : 15 But when Jesus knew it , he withdrew himself from thence : and great multitudes followed him , and he healed them all ; 12 : 16 And charged them that they should not make him known : 12 : 17 That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by Esaias the prophet , saying , 12 : 18 Behold my servant , whom I have chosen ; my beloved , in whom my soul is well pleased : I will put my spirit upon him , and he shall shew judgment to the Gentiles .
13 : 14 And in them is fulfilled the prophecy of Esaias , which saith , By hearing ye shall hear , and shall not understand ; and seeing ye shall see , and shall not perceive : 13 : 15 For this people ' s heart is waxed gross , and their ears are dull of hearing , and their eyes they have closed ; lest at any time they should see with their eyes and hear with their ears , and should understand with their heart , and should be converted , and I should heal them .
15 : 33 And his disciples say unto him , Whence should we have so much bread in the wilderness , as to fill so great a multitude ?
16 : 11 How is it that ye do not understand that I spake it not to you concerning bread , that ye should beware of the leaven of the Pharisees and of the Sadducees ?
16 : 20 Then charged he his disciples that they should tell no man that he was Jesus the Christ .
17 : 27 Notwithstanding , lest we should offend them , go thou to the sea , and cast an hook , and take up the fish that first cometh up ; and when thou hast opened his mouth , thou shalt find a piece of money : that take , and give unto them for me and thee .
18 : 14 Even so it is not the will of your Father which is in heaven , that one of these little ones should perish .
18 : 30 And he would not : but went and cast him into prison , till he should pay the debt .
18 : 32 Then his lord , after that he had called him , said unto him , O thou wicked servant , I forgave thee all that debt , because thou desiredst me : 18 : 33 Shouldest not thou also have had compassion on thy fellowservant , even as I had pity on thee ?
18 : 34 And his lord was wroth , and delivered him to the tormentors , till he should pay all that was due unto him .
19 : 13 Then were there brought unto him little children , that he should put his hands on them , and pray : and the disciples rebuked them .
20 : 10 But when the first came , they supposed that they should have received more ; and they likewise received every man a penny .
20 : 31 And the multitude rebuked them , because they should hold their peace : but they cried the more , saying , Have mercy on us , O Lord , thou son of David .
24 : 22 And except those days should be shortened , there should no flesh be saved : but for the elect ' s sake those days shall be shortened .
25 : 26 His lord answered and said unto him , Thou wicked and slothful servant , thou knewest that I reap where I sowed not , and gather where I have not strawed : 25 : 27 Thou oughtest therefore to have put my money to the exchangers , and then at my coming I should have received mine own with usury .
26 : 35 Peter said unto him , Though I should die with thee , yet will I not deny thee .
27 : 20 But the chief priests and elders persuaded the multitude that they should ask Barabbas , and destroy Jesus .
3 : 9 And he spake to his disciples , that a small ship should wait on him because of the multitude , lest they should throng him .
3 : 12 And he straitly charged them that they should not make him known .
3 : 14 And he ordained twelve , that they should be with him , and that he might send them forth to preach , 3 : 15 And to have power to heal sicknesses , and to cast out devils : 3 : 16 And Simon he surnamed Peter ; 3 : 17 And James the son of Zebedee , and John the brother of James ; and he surnamed them Boanerges , which is , The sons of thunder : 3 : 18 And Andrew , and Philip , and Bartholomew , and Matthew , and Thomas , and James the son of Alphaeus , and Thaddaeus , and Simon the Canaanite , 3 : 19 And Judas Iscariot , which also betrayed him : and they went into an house .
4 : 11 And he said unto them , Unto you it is given to know the mystery of the kingdom of God : but unto them that are without , all these things are done in parables : 4 : 12 That seeing they may see , and not perceive ; and hearing they may hear , and not understand ; lest at any time they should be converted , and their sins should be forgiven them .
4 : 22 For there is nothing hid , which shall not be manifested ; neither was any thing kept secret , but that it should come abroad .
4 : 26 And he said , So is the kingdom of God , as if a man should cast seed into the ground ; 4 : 27 And should sleep , and rise night and day , and the seed should spring and grow up , he knoweth not how .
5 : 43 And he charged them straitly that no man should know it ; and commanded that something should be given her to eat .
6 : 7 And he called unto him the twelve , and began to send them forth by two and two ; and gave them power over unclean spirits ; 6 : 8 And commanded them that they should take nothing for their journey , save a staff only ; no scrip , no bread , no money in their purse : 6 : 9 But be shod with sandals ; and not put on two coats .
6 : 12 And they went out , and preached that men should repent .
7 : 36 And he charged them that they should tell no man : but the more he charged them , so much the more a great deal they published it ; 7 : 37 And were beyond measure astonished , saying , He hath done all things well : he maketh both the deaf to hear , and the dumb to speak .
8 : 30 And he charged them that they should tell no man of him .
9 : 9 And as they came down from the mountain , he charged them that they should tell no man what things they had seen , till the Son of man were risen from the dead .
9 : 10 And they kept that saying with themselves , questioning one with another what the rising from the dead should mean .
9 : 17 And one of the multitude answered and said , Master , I have brought unto thee my son , which hath a dumb spirit ; 9 : 18 And wheresoever he taketh him , he teareth him : and he foameth , and gnasheth with his teeth , and pineth away : and I spake to thy disciples that they should cast him out ; and they could not .
9 : 30 And they departed thence , and passed through Galilee ; and he would not that any man should know it .
9 : 34 But they held their peace : for by the way they had disputed among themselves , who should be the greatest .
10 : 13 And they brought young children to him , that he should touch them : and his disciples rebuked those that brought them .
And he took again the twelve , and began to tell them what things should happen unto him , 10 : 33 Saying , Behold , we go up to Jerusalem ; and the Son of man shall be delivered unto the chief priests , and unto the scribes ; and they shall condemn him to death , and shall deliver him to the Gentiles : 10 : 34 And they shall mock him , and shall scourge him , and shall spit upon him , and shall kill him : and the third day he shall rise again .
10 : 35 And James and John , the sons of Zebedee , come unto him , saying , Master , we would that thou shouldest do for us whatsoever we shall desire .
10 : 36 And he said unto them , What would ye that I should do for you ?
10 : 48 And many charged him that he should hold his peace : but he cried the more a great deal , Thou son of David , have mercy on me .
10 : 51 And Jesus answered and said unto him , What wilt thou that I should do unto thee ?
11 : 15 And they come to Jerusalem : and Jesus went into the temple , and began to cast out them that sold and bought in the temple , and overthrew the tables of the moneychangers , and the seats of them that sold doves ; 11 : 16 And would not suffer that any man should carry any vessel through the temple .
12 : 18 Then come unto him the Sadducees , which say there is no resurrection ; and they asked him , saying , 12 : 19 Master , Moses wrote unto us , If a man ' s brother die , and leave his wife behind him , and leave no children , that his brother should take his wife , and raise up seed unto his brother .
13 : 20 And except that the Lord had shortened those days , no flesh should be saved : but for the elect ' s sake , whom he hath chosen , he hath shortened the days .
14 : 31 But he spake the more vehemently , If I should die with thee , I will not deny thee in any wise .
15 : 11 But the chief priests moved the people , that he should rather release Barabbas unto them .
15 : 24 And when they had crucified him , they parted his garments , casting lots upon them , what every man should take .
1 : 29 And when she saw him , she was troubled at his saying , and cast in her mind what manner of salutation this should be .
1 : 43 And whence is this to me , that the mother of my Lord should come to me ?
1 : 57 Now Elisabeth ' s full time came that she should be delivered ; and she brought forth a son .
1 : 67 And his father Zacharias was filled with the Holy Ghost , and prophesied , saying , 1 : 68 Blessed be the Lord God of Israel ; for he hath visited and redeemed his people , 1 : 69 And hath raised up an horn of salvation for us in the house of his servant David ; 1 : 70 As he spake by the mouth of his holy prophets , which have been since the world began : 1 : 71 That we should be saved from our enemies , and from the hand of all that hate us ; 1 : 72 To perform the mercy promised to our fathers , and to remember his holy covenant ; 1 : 73 The oath which he sware to our father Abraham , 1 : 74 That he would grant unto us , that we being delivered out of the hand of our enemies might serve him without fear , 1 : 75 In holiness and righteousness before him , all the days of our life .
2 : 1 And it came to pass in those days , that there went out a decree from Caesar Augustus that all the world should be taxed .
2 : 6 And so it was , that , while they were there , the days were accomplished that she should be delivered .
2 : 26 And it was revealed unto him by the Holy Ghost , that he should not see death , before he had seen the Lord ' s Christ .
4 : 42 And when it was day , he departed and went into a desert place : and the people sought him , and came unto him , and stayed him , that he should not depart from them .
5 : 7 And they beckoned unto their partners , which were in the other ship , that they should come and help them .
6 : 31 And as ye would that men should do to you , do ye also to them likewise .
7 : 4 And when they came to Jesus , they besought him instantly , saying , That he was worthy for whom he should do this : 7 : 5 For he loveth our nation , and he hath built us a synagogue .
And when he was now not far from the house , the centurion sent friends to him , saying unto him , Lord , trouble not thyself : for I am not worthy that thou shouldest enter under my roof : 7 : 7 Wherefore neither thought I myself worthy to come unto thee : but say in a word , and my servant shall be healed .
7 : 19 And John calling unto him two of his disciples sent them to Jesus , saying , Art thou he that should come ?
7 : 20 When the men were come unto him , they said , John Baptist hath sent us unto thee , saying , Art thou he that should come ?
8 : 12 Those by the way side are they that hear ; then cometh the devil , and taketh away the word out of their hearts , lest they should believe and be saved .
8 : 56 And her parents were astonished : but he charged them that they should tell no man what was done .
And they said , We have no more but five loaves and two fishes ; except we should go and buy meat for all this people .
9 : 30 And , behold , there talked with him two men , which were Moses and Elias : 9 : 31 Who appeared in glory , and spake of his decease which he should accomplish at Jerusalem .
9 : 46 Then there arose a reasoning among them , which of them should be greatest .
9 : 51 And it came to pass , when the time was come that he should be received up , he stedfastly set his face to go to Jerusalem , 9 : 52 And sent messengers before his face : and they went , and entered into a village of the Samaritans , to make ready for him .
15 : 32 It was meet that we should make merry , and be glad : for this thy brother was dead , and is alive again ; and was lost , and is found .
17 : 2 It were better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck , and he cast into the sea , than that he should offend one of these little ones .
17 : 6 And the Lord said , If ye had faith as a grain of mustard seed , ye might say unto this sycamine tree , Be thou plucked up by the root , and be thou planted in the sea ; and it should obey you .
17 : 20 And when he was demanded of the Pharisees , when the kingdom of God should come , he answered them and said , The kingdom of God cometh not with observation : 17 : 21 Neither shall they say , Lo here !
18 : 39 And they which went before rebuked him , that he should hold his peace : but he cried so much the more , Thou son of David , have mercy on me .
19 : 11 And as they heard these things , he added and spake a parable , because he was nigh to Jerusalem , and because they thought that the kingdom of God should immediately appear .
19 : 27 But those mine enemies , which would not that I should reign over them , bring hither , and slay them before me .
19 : 40 And he answered and said unto them , I tell you that , if these should hold their peace , the stones would immediately cry out .
20 : 10 And at the season he sent a servant to the husbandmen , that they should give him of the fruit of the vineyard : but the husbandmen beat him , and sent him away empty .
20 : 20 And they watched him , and sent forth spies , which should feign themselves just men , that they might take hold of his words , that so they might deliver him unto the power and authority of the governor .
20 : 27 Then came to him certain of the Sadducees , which deny that there is any resurrection ; and they asked him , 20 : 28 Saying , Master , Moses wrote unto us , If any man ' s brother die , having a wife , and he die without children , that his brother should take his wife , and raise up seed unto his brother .
22 : 23 And they began to enquire among themselves , which of them it was that should do this thing .
22 : 24 And there was also a strife among them , which of them should be accounted the greatest .
23 : 24 And Pilate gave sentence that it should be as they required .
24 : 16 But their eyes were holden that they should not know him .
24 : 21 But we trusted that it had been he which should have redeemed Israel : and beside all this , to day is the third day since these things were done .
24 : 45 Then opened he their understanding , that they might understand the scriptures , 24 : 46 And said unto them , Thus it is written , and thus it behoved Christ to suffer , and to rise from the dead the third day : 24 : 47 And that repentance and remission of sins should be preached in his name among all nations , beginning at Jerusalem .
1 : 31 And I knew him not : but that he should be made manifest to Israel , therefore am I come baptizing with water .
2 : 24 But Jesus did not commit himself unto them , because he knew all men , 2 : 25 And needed not that any should testify of man : for he knew what was in man .
3 : 14 And as Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness , even so must the Son of man be lifted up : 3 : 15 That whosoever believeth in him should not perish , but have eternal life .
3 : 16 For God so loved the world , that he gave his only begotten Son , that whosoever believeth in him should not perish , but have everlasting life .
3 : 20 For every one that doeth evil hateth the light , neither cometh to the light , lest his deeds should be reproved .
5 : 22 For the Father judgeth no man , but hath committed all judgment unto the Son : 5 : 23 That all men should honour the Son , even as they honour the Father .
6 : 14 Then those men , when they had seen the miracle that Jesus did , said , This is of a truth that prophet that should come into the world .
6 : 39 And this is the Father ' s will which hath sent me , that of all which he hath given me I should lose nothing , but should raise it up again at the last day .
For Jesus knew from the beginning who they were that believed not , and who should betray him .
6 : 71 He spake of Judas Iscariot the son of Simon : for he it was that should betray him , being one of the twelve .
7 : 23 If a man on the sabbath day receive circumcision , that the law of Moses should not be broken ; are ye angry at me , because I have made a man every whit whole on the sabbath day ?
7 : 39 ( But this spake he of the Spirit , which they that believe on him should receive : for the Holy Ghost was not yet given ; because that Jesus was not yet glorified .)
8 : 5 Now Moses in the law commanded us , that such should be stoned : but what sayest thou ?
Jesus answered , Ye neither know me , nor my Father : if ye had known me , ye should have known my Father also .
8 : 54 Jesus answered , If I honour myself , my honour is nothing : it is my Father that honoureth me ; of whom ye say , that he is your God : 8 : 55 Yet ye have not known him ; but I know him : and if I should say , I know him not , I shall be a liar like unto you : but I know him , and keep his saying .
9 : 3 Jesus answered , Neither hath this man sinned , nor his parents : but that the works of God should be made manifest in him .
9 : 22 These words spake his parents , because they feared the Jews : for the Jews had agreed already , that if any man did confess that he was Christ , he should be put out of the synagogue .
9 : 41 Jesus said unto them , If ye were blind , ye should have no sin : but now ye say , We see ; therefore your sin remaineth .
11 : 27 She saith unto him , Yea , Lord : I believe that thou art the Christ , the Son of God , which should come into the world .
11 : 37 And some of them said , Could not this man , which opened the eyes of the blind , have caused that even this man should not have died ?
11 : 40 Jesus saith unto her , Said I not unto thee , that , if thou wouldest believe , thou shouldest see the glory of God ?
11 : 49 And one of them , named Caiaphas , being the high priest that same year , said unto them , Ye know nothing at all , 11 : 50 Nor consider that it is expedient for us , that one man should die for the people , and that the whole nation perish not .
11 : 51 And this spake he not of himself : but being high priest that year , he prophesied that Jesus should die for that nation ; 11 : 52 And not for that nation only , but that also he should gather together in one the children of God that were scattered abroad .
11 : 57 Now both the chief priests and the Pharisees had given a commandment , that , if any man knew where he were , he should shew it , that they might take him .
12 : 4 Then saith one of his disciples , Judas Iscariot , Simon ' s son , which should betray him , 12 : 5 Why was not this ointment sold for three hundred pence , and given to the poor ?
12 : 23 And Jesus answered them , saying , The hour is come , that the Son of man should be glorified .
12 : 33 This he said , signifying what death he should die .
12 : 39 Therefore they could not believe , because that Esaias said again , 12 : 40 He hath blinded their eyes , and hardened their heart ; that they should not see with their eyes , nor understand with their heart , and be converted , and I should heal them .
12 : 42 Nevertheless among the chief rulers also many believed on him ; but because of the Pharisees they did not confess him , lest they should be put out of the synagogue : 12 : 43 For they loved the praise of men more than the praise of God .
12 : 46 I am come a light into the world , that whosoever believeth on me should not abide in darkness .
12 : 49 For I have not spoken of myself ; but the Father which sent me , he gave me a commandment , what I should say , and what I should speak .
13 : 1 Now before the feast of the passover , when Jesus knew that his hour was come that he should depart out of this world unto the Father , having loved his own which were in the world , he loved them unto the end .
13 : 11 For he knew who should betray him ; therefore said he , Ye are not all clean .
13 : 15 For I have given you an example , that ye should do as I have done to you .
13 : 24 Simon Peter therefore beckoned to him , that he should ask who it should be of whom he spake .
13 : 29 For some of them thought , because Judas had the bag , that Jesus had said unto him , Buy those things that we have need of against the feast ; or , that he should give something to the poor .
14 : 7 If ye had known me , ye should have known my Father also : and from henceforth ye know him , and have seen him .
15 : 16 Ye have not chosen me , but I have chosen you , and ordained you , that ye should go and bring forth fruit , and that your fruit should remain : that whatsoever ye shall ask of the Father in my name , he may give it you .
16 : 1 These things have I spoken unto you , that ye should not be offended .
16 : 30 Now are we sure that thou knowest all things , and needest not that any man should ask thee : by this we believe that thou camest forth from God .
17 : 1 These words spake Jesus , and lifted up his eyes to heaven , and said , Father , the hour is come ; glorify thy Son , that thy Son also may glorify thee : 17 : 2 As thou hast given him power over all flesh , that he should give eternal life to as many as thou hast given him .
17 : 15 I pray not that thou shouldest take them out of the world , but that thou shouldest keep them from the evil .
18 : 4 Jesus therefore , knowing all things that should come upon him , went forth , and said unto them , Whom seek ye ?
18 : 14 Now Caiaphas was he , which gave counsel to the Jews , that it was expedient that one man should die for the people .
18 : 28 Then led they Jesus from Caiaphas unto the hall of judgment : and it was early ; and they themselves went not into the judgment hall , lest they should be defiled ; but that they might eat the passover .
The Jews therefore said unto him , It is not lawful for us to put any man to death : 18 : 32 That the saying of Jesus might be fulfilled , which he spake , signifying what death he should die .
18 : 36 Jesus answered , My kingdom is not of this world : if my kingdom were of this world , then would my servants fight , that I should not be delivered to the Jews : but now is my kingdom not from hence .
To this end was I born , and for this cause came I into the world , that I should bear witness unto the truth .
18 : 39 But ye have a custom , that I should release unto you one at the passover : will ye therefore that I release unto you the King of the Jews ?
19 : 31 The Jews therefore , because it was the preparation , that the bodies should not remain upon the cross on the sabbath day , ( for that sabbath day was an high day ,) besought Pilate that their legs might be broken , and that they might be taken away .
19 : 36 For these things were done , that the scripture should be fulfilled , A bone of him shall not be broken .
21 : 19 This spake he , signifying by what death he should glorify God .
21 : 23 Then went this saying abroad among the brethren , that that disciple should not die : yet Jesus said not unto him , He shall not die ; but , If I will that he tarry till I come , what is that to thee ?
21 : 25 And there are also many other things which Jesus did , the which , if they should be written every one , I suppose that even the world itself could not contain the books that should be written .
1 : 1 The former treatise have I made , O Theophilus , of all that Jesus began both to do and teach , 1 : 2 Until the day in which he was taken up , after that he through the Holy Ghost had given commandments unto the apostles whom he had chosen : 1 : 3 To whom also he shewed himself alive after his passion by many infallible proofs , being seen of them forty days , and speaking of the things pertaining to the kingdom of God : 1 : 4 And , being assembled together with them , commanded them that they should not depart from Jerusalem , but wait for the promise of the Father , which , saith he , ye have heard of me .
2 : 22 Ye men of Israel , hear these words ; Jesus of Nazareth , a man approved of God among you by miracles and wonders and signs , which God did by him in the midst of you , as ye yourselves also know : 2 : 23 Him , being delivered by the determinate counsel and foreknowledge of God , ye have taken , and by wicked hands have crucified and slain : 2 : 24 Whom God hath raised up , having loosed the pains of death : because it was not possible that he should be holden of it .
2 : 25 For David speaketh concerning him , I foresaw the Lord always before my face , for he is on my right hand , that I should not be moved : 2 : 26 Therefore did my heart rejoice , and my tongue was glad ; moreover also my flesh shall rest in hope : 2 : 27 Because thou wilt not leave my soul in hell , neither wilt thou suffer thine Holy One to see corruption .
And the Lord added to the church daily such as should be saved .
3 : 18 But those things , which God before had shewed by the mouth of all his prophets , that Christ should suffer , he hath so fulfilled .
5 : 26 Then went the captain with the officers , and brought them without violence : for they feared the people , lest they should have been stoned .
5 : 27 And when they had brought them , they set them before the council : and the high priest asked them , 5 : 28 Saying , Did not we straitly command you that ye should not teach in this name ?
5 : 40 And to him they agreed : and when they had called the apostles , and beaten them , they commanded that they should not speak in the name of Jesus , and let them go .
6 : 2 Then the twelve called the multitude of the disciples unto them , and said , It is not reason that we should leave the word of God , and serve tables .
7 : 6 And God spake on this wise , That his seed should sojourn in a strange land ; and that they should bring them into bondage , and entreat them evil four hundred years .
7 : 44 Our fathers had the tabernacle of witness in the wilderness , as he had appointed , speaking unto Moses , that he should make it according to the fashion that he had seen .
8 : 31 And he said , How can I , except some man should guide me ?
10 : 17 Now while Peter doubted in himself what this vision which he had seen should mean , behold , the men which were sent from Cornelius had made enquiry for Simon ' s house , and stood before the gate , 10 : 18 And called , and asked whether Simon , which was surnamed Peter , were lodged there .
10 : 28 And he said unto them , Ye know how that it is an unlawful thing for a man that is a Jew to keep company , or come unto one of another nation ; but God hath shewed me that I should not call any man common or unclean .
Then answered Peter , 10 : 47 Can any man forbid water , that these should not be baptized , which have received the Holy Ghost as well as we ?
11 : 22 Then tidings of these things came unto the ears of the church which was in Jerusalem : and they sent forth Barnabas , that he should go as far as Antioch .
11 : 28 And there stood up one of them named Agabus , and signified by the Spirit that there should be great dearth throughout all the world : which came to pass in the days of Claudius Caesar .
12 : 19 And when Herod had sought for him , and found him not , he examined the keepers , and commanded that they should be put to death .
13 : 28 And though they found no cause of death in him , yet desired they Pilate that he should be slain .
13 : 46 Then Paul and Barnabas waxed bold , and said , It was necessary that the word of God should first have been spoken to you : but seeing ye put it from you , and judge yourselves unworthy of everlasting life , lo , we turn to the Gentiles .
13 : 47 For so hath the Lord commanded us , saying , I have set thee to be a light of the Gentiles , that thou shouldest be for salvation unto the ends of the earth .
We also are men of like passions with you , and preach unto you that ye should turn from these vanities unto the living God , which made heaven , and earth , and the sea , and all things that are therein : 14 : 16 Who in times past suffered all nations to walk in their own ways .
15 : 2 When therefore Paul and Barnabas had no small dissension and disputation with them , they determined that Paul and Barnabas , and certain other of them , should go up to Jerusalem unto the apostles and elders about this question .
15 : 7 And when there had been much disputing , Peter rose up , and said unto them , Men and brethren , ye know how that a good while ago God made choice among us , that the Gentiles by my mouth should hear the word of the gospel , and believe .
17 : 24 God that made the world and all things therein , seeing that he is Lord of heaven and earth , dwelleth not in temples made with hands ; 17 : 25 Neither is worshipped with men ' s hands , as though he needed any thing , seeing he giveth to all life , and breath , and all things ; 17 : 26 And hath made of one blood all nations of men for to dwell on all the face of the earth , and hath determined the times before appointed , and the bounds of their habitation ; 17 : 27 That they should seek the Lord , if haply they might feel after him , and find him , though he be not far from every one of us : 17 : 28 For in him we live , and move , and have our being ; as certain also of your own poets have said , For we are also his offspring .
18 : 14 And when Paul was now about to open his mouth , Gallio said unto the Jews , If it were a matter of wrong or wicked lewdness , O ye Jews , reason would that I should bear with you : 18 : 15 But if it be a question of words and names , and of your law , look ye to it ; for I will be no judge of such matters .
19 : 4 Then said Paul , John verily baptized with the baptism of repentance , saying unto the people , that they should believe on him which should come after him , that is , on Christ Jesus .
19 : 26 Moreover ye see and hear , that not alone at Ephesus , but almost throughout all Asia , this Paul hath persuaded and turned away much people , saying that they be no gods , which are made with hands : 19 : 27 So that not only this our craft is in danger to be set at nought ; but also that the temple of the great goddess Diana should be despised , and her magnificence should be destroyed , whom all Asia and the world worshippeth .
20 : 37 And they all wept sore , and fell on Paul ' s neck , and kissed him , 20 : 38 Sorrowing most of all for the words which he spake , that they should see his face no more .
21 : 4 And finding disciples , we tarried there seven days : who said to Paul through the Spirit , that he should not go up to Jerusalem .
21 : 16 There went with us also certain of the disciples of Caesarea , and brought with them one Mnason of Cyprus , an old disciple , with whom we should lodge .
21 : 26 Then Paul took the men , and the next day purifying himself with them entered into the temple , to signify the accomplishment of the days of purification , until that an offering should be offered for every one of them .
22 : 14 And he said , The God of our fathers hath chosen thee , that thou shouldest know his will , and see that Just One , and shouldest hear the voice of his mouth .
22 : 22 And they gave him audience unto this word , and then lifted up their voices , and said , Away with such a fellow from the earth : for it is not fit that he should live .
22 : 23 And as they cried out , and cast off their clothes , and threw dust into the air , 22 : 24 The chief captain commanded him to be brought into the castle , and bade that he should be examined by scourging ; that he might know wherefore they cried so against him .
22 : 29 Then straightway they departed from him which should have examined him : and the chief captain also was afraid , after he knew that he was a Roman , and because he had bound him .
23 : 10 And when there arose a great dissension , the chief captain , fearing lest Paul should have been pulled in pieces of them , commanded the soldiers to go down , and to take him by force from among them , and to bring him into the castle .
23 : 27 This man was taken of the Jews , and should have been killed of them : then came I with an army , and rescued him , having understood that he was a Roman .
24 : 23 And he commanded a centurion to keep Paul , and to let him have liberty , and that he should forbid none of his acquaintance to minister or come unto him .
24 : 26 He hoped also that money should have been given him of Paul , that he might loose him : wherefore he sent for him the oftener , and communed with him .
25 : 4 But Festus answered , that Paul should be kept at Caesarea , and that he himself would depart shortly thither .
26 : 8 Why should it be thought a thing incredible with you , that God should raise the dead ?
26 : 19 Whereupon , O king Agrippa , I was not disobedient unto the heavenly vision : 26 : 20 But shewed first unto them of Damascus , and at Jerusalem , and throughout all the coasts of Judaea , and then to the Gentiles , that they should repent and turn to God , and do works meet for repentance .
26 : 22 Having therefore obtained help of God , I continue unto this day , witnessing both to small and great , saying none other things than those which the prophets and Moses did say should come : 26 : 23 That Christ should suffer , and that he should be the first that should rise from the dead , and should shew light unto the people , and to the Gentiles .
27 : 1 And when it was determined that we should sail into Italy , they delivered Paul and certain other prisoners unto one named Julius , a centurion of Augustus ' band .
27 : 16 And running under a certain island which is called Clauda , we had much work to come by the boat : 27 : 17 Which when they had taken up , they used helps , undergirding the ship ; and , fearing lest they should fall into the quicksands , strake sail , and so were driven .
27 : 20 And when neither sun nor stars in many days appeared , and no small tempest lay on us , all hope that we should be saved was then taken away .
27 : 21 But after long abstinence Paul stood forth in the midst of them , and said , Sirs , ye should have hearkened unto me , and not have loosed from Crete , and to have gained this harm and loss .
27 : 29 Then fearing lest we should have fallen upon rocks , they cast four anchors out of the stern , and wished for the day .
27 : 42 And the soldiers ' counsel was to kill the prisoners , lest any of them should swim out , and escape .
27 : 43 But the centurion , willing to save Paul , kept them from their purpose ; and commanded that they which could swim should cast themselves first into the sea , and get to land : 27 : 44 And the rest , some on boards , and some on broken pieces of the ship .
28 : 6 Howbeit they looked when he should have swollen , or fallen down dead suddenly : but after they had looked a great while , and saw no harm come to him , they changed their minds , and said that he was a god .
28 : 25 And when they agreed not among themselves , they departed , after that Paul had spoken one word , Well spake the Holy Ghost by Esaias the prophet unto our fathers , 28 : 26 Saying , Go unto this people , and say , Hearing ye shall hear , and shall not understand ; and seeing ye shall see , and not perceive : 28 : 27 For the heart of this people is waxed gross , and their ears are dull of hearing , and their eyes have they closed ; lest they should see with their eyes , and hear with their ears , and understand with their heart , and should be converted , and I should heal them .
thou that preachest a man should not steal , dost thou steal ?
2 : 22 Thou that sayest a man should not commit adultery , dost thou commit adultery ?
4 : 13 For the promise , that he should be the heir of the world , was not to Abraham , or to his seed , through the law , but through the righteousness of faith .
6 : 4 Therefore we are buried with him by baptism into death : that like as Christ was raised up from the dead by the glory of the Father , even so we also should walk in newness of life .
6 : 5 For if we have been planted together in the likeness of his death , we shall be also in the likeness of his resurrection : 6 : 6 Knowing this , that our old man is crucified with him , that the body of sin might be destroyed , that henceforth we should not serve sin .
6 : 12 Let not sin therefore reign in your mortal body , that ye should obey it in the lusts thereof .
7 : 4 Wherefore , my brethren , ye also are become dead to the law by the body of Christ ; that ye should be married to another , even to him who is raised from the dead , that we should bring forth fruit unto God .
7 : 6 But now we are delivered from the law , that being dead wherein we were held ; that we should serve in newness of spirit , and not in the oldness of the letter .
8 : 26 Likewise the Spirit also helpeth our infirmities : for we know not what we should pray for as we ought : but the Spirit itself maketh intercession for us with groanings which cannot be uttered .
11 : 8 ( According as it is written , God hath given them the spirit of slumber , eyes that they should not see , and ears that they should not hear ;) unto this day .
11 : 11 I say then , Have they stumbled that they should fall ?
11 : 25 For I would not , brethren , that ye should be ignorant of this mystery , lest ye should be wise in your own conceits ; that blindness in part is happened to Israel , until the fulness of the Gentiles be come in .
15 : 15 Nevertheless , brethren , I have written the more boldly unto you in some sort , as putting you in mind , because of the grace that is given to me of God , 15 : 16 That I should be the minister of Jesus Christ to the Gentiles , ministering the gospel of God , that the offering up of the Gentiles might be acceptable , being sanctified by the Holy Ghost .
15 : 20 Yea , so have I strived to preach the gospel , not where Christ was named , lest I should build upon another man ' s foundation : 15 : 21 But as it is written , To whom he was not spoken of , they shall see : and they that have not heard shall understand .
1 : 14 I thank God that I baptized none of you , but Crispus and Gaius ; 1 : 15 Lest any should say that I had baptized in mine own name .
1 : 17 For Christ sent me not to baptize , but to preach the gospel : not with wisdom of words , lest the cross of Christ should be made of none effect .
1 : 26 For ye see your calling , brethren , how that not many wise men after the flesh , not many mighty , not many noble , are called : 1 : 27 But God hath chosen the foolish things of the world to confound the wise ; and God hath chosen the weak things of the world to confound the things which are mighty ; 1 : 28 And base things of the world , and things which are despised , hath God chosen , yea , and things which are not , to bring to nought things that are : 1 : 29 That no flesh should glory in his presence .
2 : 4 And my speech and my preaching was not with enticing words of man ' s wisdom , but in demonstration of the Spirit and of power : 2 : 5 That your faith should not stand in the wisdom of men , but in the power of God .
4 : 3 But with me it is a very small thing that I should be judged of you , or of man ' s judgment : yea , I judge not mine own self .
5 : 1 It is reported commonly that there is fornication among you , and such fornication as is not so much as named among the Gentiles , that one should have his father ' s wife .
For our sakes , no doubt , this is written : that he that ploweth should plow in hope ; and that he that thresheth in hope should be partaker of his hope .
Nevertheless we have not used this power ; but suffer all things , lest we should hinder the gospel of Christ .
9 : 14 Even so hath the Lord ordained that they which preach the gospel should live of the gospel .
9 : 15 But I have used none of these things : neither have I written these things , that it should be so done unto me : for it were better for me to die , than that any man should make my glorying void .
9 : 26 I therefore so run , not as uncertainly ; so fight I , not as one that beateth the air : 9 : 27 But I keep under my body , and bring it into subjection : lest that by any means , when I have preached to others , I myself should be a castaway .
10 : 1 Moreover , brethren , I would not that ye should be ignorant , how that all our fathers were under the cloud , and all passed through the sea ; 10 : 2 And were all baptized unto Moses in the cloud and in the sea ; 10 : 3 And did all eat the same spiritual meat ; 10 : 4 And did all drink the same spiritual drink : for they drank of that spiritual Rock that followed them : and that Rock was Christ .
10 : 6 Now these things were our examples , to the intent we should not lust after evil things , as they also lusted .
10 : 20 But I say , that the things which the Gentiles sacrifice , they sacrifice to devils , and not to God : and I would not that ye should have fellowship with devils .
11 : 31 For if we would judge ourselves , we should not be judged .
11 : 32 But when we are judged , we are chastened of the Lord , that we should not be condemned with the world .
12 : 25 That there should be no schism in the body ; but that the members should have the same care one for another .
1 : 8 For we would not , brethren , have you ignorant of our trouble which came to us in Asia , that we were pressed out of measure , above strength , insomuch that we despaired even of life : 1 : 9 But we had the sentence of death in ourselves , that we should not trust in ourselves , but in God which raiseth the dead : 1 : 10 Who delivered us from so great a death , and doth deliver : in whom we trust that he will yet deliver us ; 1 : 11 Ye also helping together by prayer for us , that for the gift bestowed upon us by the means of many persons thanks may be given by many on our behalf .
or the things that I purpose , do I purpose according to the flesh , that with me there should be yea yea , and nay nay ?
2 : 3 And I wrote this same unto you , lest , when I came , I should have sorrow from them of whom I ought to rejoice ; having confidence in you all , that my joy is the joy of you all .
2 : 4 For out of much affliction and anguish of heart I wrote unto you with many tears ; not that ye should be grieved , but that ye might know the love which I have more abundantly unto you .
2 : 7 So that contrariwise ye ought rather to forgive him , and comfort him , lest perhaps such a one should be swallowed up with overmuch sorrow .
2 : 10 To whom ye forgive any thing , I forgive also : for if I forgave any thing , to whom I forgave it , for your sakes forgave I it in the person of Christ ; 2 : 11 Lest Satan should get an advantage of us : for we are not ignorant of his devices .
4 : 3 But if our gospel be hid , it is hid to them that are lost : 4 : 4 In whom the god of this world hath blinded the minds of them which believe not , lest the light of the glorious gospel of Christ , who is the image of God , should shine unto them .
5 : 14 For the love of Christ constraineth us ; because we thus judge , that if one died for all , then were all dead : 5 : 15 And that he died for all , that they which live should not henceforth live unto themselves , but unto him which died for them , and rose again .
8 : 18 And we have sent with him the brother , whose praise is in the gospel throughout all the churches ; 8 : 19 And not that only , but who was also chosen of the churches to travel with us with this grace , which is administered by us to the glory of the same Lord , and declaration of your ready mind : 8 : 20 Avoiding this , that no man should blame us in this abundance which is administered by us : 8 : 21 Providing for honest things , not only in the sight of the Lord , but also in the sight of men .
9 : 3 Yet have I sent the brethren , lest our boasting of you should be in vain in this behalf ; that , as I said , ye may be ready : 9 : 4 Lest haply if they of Macedonia come with me , and find you unprepared , we ( that we say not , ye ) should be ashamed in this same confident boasting .
10 : 8 For though I should boast somewhat more of our authority , which the Lord hath given us for edification , and not for your destruction , I should not be ashamed : 10 : 9 That I may not seem as if I would terrify you by letters .
11 : 3 But I fear , lest by any means , as the serpent beguiled Eve through his subtilty , so your minds should be corrupted from the simplicity that is in Christ .
12 : 6 For though I would desire to glory , I shall not be a fool ; for I will say the truth : but now I forbear , lest any man should think of me above that which he seeth me to be , or that he heareth of me .
12 : 7 And lest I should be exalted above measure through the abundance of the revelations , there was given to me a thorn in the flesh , the messenger of Satan to buffet me , lest I should be exalted above measure .
13 : 7 Now I pray to God that ye do no evil ; not that we should appear approved , but that ye should do that which is honest , though we be as reprobates .
13 : 10 Therefore I write these things being absent , lest being present I should use sharpness , according to the power which the Lord hath given me to edification , and not to destruction .
for if I yet pleased men , I should not be the servant of Christ .
2 : 2 And I went up by revelation , and communicated unto them that gospel which I preach among the Gentiles , but privately to them which were of reputation , lest by any means I should run , or had run , in vain .
2 : 6 But of these who seemed to be somewhat , ( whatsoever they were , it maketh no matter to me : God accepteth no man ' s person :) for they who seemed to be somewhat in conference added nothing to me : 2 : 7 But contrariwise , when they saw that the gospel of the uncircumcision was committed unto me , as the gospel of the circumcision was unto Peter ; 2 : 8 ( For he that wrought effectually in Peter to the apostleship of the circumcision , the same was mighty in me toward the Gentiles :) 2 : 9 And when James , Cephas , and John , who seemed to be pillars , perceived the grace that was given unto me , they gave to me and Barnabas the right hands of fellowship ; that we should go unto the heathen , and they unto the circumcision .
2 : 10 Only they would that we should remember the poor ; the same which I also was forward to do .
3 : 1 O foolish Galatians , who hath bewitched you , that ye should not obey the truth , before whose eyes Jesus Christ hath been evidently set forth , crucified among you ?
3 : 17 And this I say , that the covenant , that was confirmed before of God in Christ , the law , which was four hundred and thirty years after , cannot disannul , that it should make the promise of none effect .
It was added because of transgressions , till the seed should come to whom the promise was made ; and it was ordained by angels in the hand of a mediator .
God forbid : for if there had been a law given which could have given life , verily righteousness should have been by the law .
3 : 23 But before faith came , we were kept under the law , shut up unto the faith which should afterwards be revealed .
5 : 7 Ye did run well ; who did hinder you that ye should not obey the truth ?
6 : 12 As many as desire to make a fair shew in the flesh , they constrain you to be circumcised ; only lest they should suffer persecution for the cross of Christ .
6 : 14 But God forbid that I should glory , save in the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ , by whom the world is crucified unto me , and I unto the world .
1 : 3 Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ , who hath blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ : 1 : 4 According as he hath chosen us in him before the foundation of the world , that we should be holy and without blame before him in love : 1 : 5 Having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself , according to the good pleasure of his will , 1 : 6 To the praise of the glory of his grace , wherein he hath made us accepted in the beloved .
1 : 7 In whom we have redemption through his blood , the forgiveness of sins , according to the riches of his grace ; 1 : 8 Wherein he hath abounded toward us in all wisdom and prudence ; 1 : 9 Having made known unto us the mystery of his will , according to his good pleasure which he hath purposed in himself : 1 : 10 That in the dispensation of the fulness of times he might gather together in one all things in Christ , both which are in heaven , and which are on earth ; even in him : 1 : 11 In whom also we have obtained an inheritance , being predestinated according to the purpose of him who worketh all things after the counsel of his own will : 1 : 12 That we should be to the praise of his glory , who first trusted in Christ .
2 : 8 For by grace are ye saved through faith ; and that not of yourselves : it is the gift of God : 2 : 9 Not of works , lest any man should boast .
2 : 10 For we are his workmanship , created in Christ Jesus unto good works , which God hath before ordained that we should walk in them .
3 : 1 For this cause I Paul , the prisoner of Jesus Christ for you Gentiles , 3 : 2 If ye have heard of the dispensation of the grace of God which is given me to you - ward : 3 : 3 How that by revelation he made known unto me the mystery ; ( as I wrote afore in few words , 3 : 4 Whereby , when ye read , ye may understand my knowledge in the mystery of Christ ) 3 : 5 Which in other ages was not made known unto the sons of men , as it is now revealed unto his holy apostles and prophets by the Spirit ; 3 : 6 That the Gentiles should be fellowheirs , and of the same body , and partakers of his promise in Christ by the gospel : 3 : 7 Whereof I was made a minister , according to the gift of the grace of God given unto me by the effectual working of his power .
3 : 8 Unto me , who am less than the least of all saints , is this grace given , that I should preach among the Gentiles the unsearchable riches of Christ ; 3 : 9 And to make all men see what is the fellowship of the mystery , which from the beginning of the world hath been hid in God , who created all things by Jesus Christ : 3 : 10 To the intent that now unto the principalities and powers in heavenly places might be known by the church the manifold wisdom of God , 3 : 11 According to the eternal purpose which he purposed in Christ Jesus our Lord : 3 : 12 In whom we have boldness and access with confidence by the faith of him .
5 : 25 Husbands , love your wives , even as Christ also loved the church , and gave himself for it ; 5 : 26 That he might sanctify and cleanse it with the washing of water by the word , 5 : 27 That he might present it to himself a glorious church , not having spot , or wrinkle , or any such thing ; but that it should be holy and without blemish .
1 : 12 But I would ye should understand , brethren , that the things which happened unto me have fallen out rather unto the furtherance of the gospel ; 1 : 13 So that my bonds in Christ are manifest in all the palace , and in all other places ; 1 : 14 And many of the brethren in the Lord , waxing confident by my bonds , are much more bold to speak the word without fear .
2 : 9 Wherefore God also hath highly exalted him , and given him a name which is above every name : 2 : 10 That at the name of Jesus every knee should bow , of things in heaven , and things in earth , and things under the earth ; 2 : 11 And that every tongue should confess that Jesus Christ is Lord , to the glory of God the Father .
2 : 27 For indeed he was sick nigh unto death : but God had mercy on him ; and not on him only , but on me also , lest I should have sorrow upon sorrow .
1 : 19 For it pleased the Father that in him should all fulness dwell ; 1 : 20 And , having made peace through the blood of his cross , by him to reconcile all things unto himself ; by him , I say , whether they be things in earth , or things in heaven .
2 : 4 And this I say , lest any man should beguile you with enticing words .
3 : 1 Wherefore when we could no longer forbear , we thought it good to be left at Athens alone ; 3 : 2 And sent Timotheus , our brother , and minister of God , and our fellowlabourer in the gospel of Christ , to establish you , and to comfort you concerning your faith : 3 : 3 That no man should be moved by these afflictions : for yourselves know that we are appointed thereunto .
3 : 4 For verily , when we were with you , we told you before that we should suffer tribulation ; even as it came to pass , and ye know .
4 : 3 For this is the will of God , even your sanctification , that ye should abstain from fornication : 4 : 4 That every one of you should know how to possess his vessel in sanctification and honour ; 4 : 5 Not in the lust of concupiscence , even as the Gentiles which know not God : 4 : 6 That no man go beyond and defraud his brother in any matter : because that the Lord is the avenger of all such , as we also have forewarned you and testified .
5 : 4 But ye , brethren , are not in darkness , that that day should overtake you as a thief .
5 : 9 For God hath not appointed us to wrath , but to obtain salvation by our Lord Jesus Christ , 5 : 10 Who died for us , that , whether we wake or sleep , we should live together with him .
2 : 11 And for this cause God shall send them strong delusion , that they should believe a lie : 2 : 12 That they all might be damned who believed not the truth , but had pleasure in unrighteousness .
3 : 10 For even when we were with you , this we commanded you , that if any would not work , neither should he eat .
1 : 16 Howbeit for this cause I obtained mercy , that in me first Jesus Christ might shew forth all longsuffering , for a pattern to them which should hereafter believe on him to life everlasting .
1 : 5 For this cause left I thee in Crete , that thou shouldest set in order the things that are wanting , and ordain elders in every city , as I had appointed thee : 1 : 6 If any be blameless , the husband of one wife , having faithful children not accused of riot or unruly .
2 : 11 For the grace of God that bringeth salvation hath appeared to all men , 2 : 12 Teaching us that , denying ungodliness and worldly lusts , we should live soberly , righteously , and godly , in this present world ; 2 : 13 Looking for that blessed hope , and the glorious appearing of the great God and our Saviour Jesus Christ ; 2 : 14 Who gave himself for us , that he might redeem us from all iniquity , and purify unto himself a peculiar people , zealous of good works .
3 : 4 But after that the kindness and love of God our Saviour toward man appeared , 3 : 5 Not by works of righteousness which we have done , but according to his mercy he saved us , by the washing of regeneration , and renewing of the Holy Ghost ; 3 : 6 Which he shed on us abundantly through Jesus Christ our Saviour ; 3 : 7 That being justified by his grace , we should be made heirs according to the hope of eternal life .
1 : 10 I beseech thee for my son Onesimus , whom I have begotten in my bonds : 1 : 11 Which in time past was to thee unprofitable , but now profitable to thee and to me : 1 : 12 Whom I have sent again : thou therefore receive him , that is , mine own bowels : 1 : 13 Whom I would have retained with me , that in thy stead he might have ministered unto me in the bonds of the gospel : 1 : 14 But without thy mind would I do nothing ; that thy benefit should not be as it were of necessity , but willingly .
1 : 15 For perhaps he therefore departed for a season , that thou shouldest receive him for ever ; 1 : 16 Not now as a servant , but above a servant , a brother beloved , specially to me , but how much more unto thee , both in the flesh , and in the Lord ?
2 : 1 Therefore we ought to give the more earnest heed to the things which we have heard , lest at any time we should let them slip .
2 : 9 But we see Jesus , who was made a little lower than the angels for the suffering of death , crowned with glory and honour ; that he by the grace of God should taste death for every man .
3 : 18 And to whom sware he that they should not enter into his rest , but to them that believed not ?
4 : 1 Let us therefore fear , lest , a promise being left us of entering into his rest , any of you should seem to come short of it .
7 : 11 If therefore perfection were by the Levitical priesthood , ( for under it the people received the law ,) what further need was there that another priest should rise after the order of Melchisedec , and not be called after the order of Aaron ?
8 : 4 For if he were on earth , he should not be a priest , seeing that there are priests that offer gifts according to the law : 8 : 5 Who serve unto the example and shadow of heavenly things , as Moses was admonished of God when he was about to make the tabernacle : for , See , saith he , that thou make all things according to the pattern shewed to thee in the mount .
8 : 7 For if that first covenant had been faultless , then should no place have been sought for the second .
9 : 23 It was therefore necessary that the patterns of things in the heavens should be purified with these ; but the heavenly things themselves with better sacrifices than these .
9 : 24 For Christ is not entered into the holy places made with hands , which are the figures of the true ; but into heaven itself , now to appear in the presence of God for us : 9 : 25 Nor yet that he should offer himself often , as the high priest entereth into the holy place every year with blood of others ; 9 : 26 For then must he often have suffered since the foundation of the world : but now once in the end of the world hath he appeared to put away sin by the sacrifice of himself .
because that the worshippers once purged should have had no more conscience of sins .
10 : 4 For it is not possible that the blood of bulls and of goats should take away sins .
11 : 5 By faith Enoch was translated that he should not see death ; and was not found , because God had translated him : for before his translation he had this testimony , that he pleased God .
11 : 8 By faith Abraham , when he was called to go out into a place which he should after receive for an inheritance , obeyed ; and he went out , not knowing whither he went .
11 : 28 Through faith he kept the passover , and the sprinkling of blood , lest he that destroyed the firstborn should touch them .
11 : 39 And these all , having obtained a good report through faith , received not the promise : 11 : 40 God having provided some better thing for us , that they without us should not be made perfect .
12 : 18 For ye are not come unto the mount that might be touched , and that burned with fire , nor unto blackness , and darkness , and tempest , 12 : 19 And the sound of a trumpet , and the voice of words ; which voice they that heard intreated that the word should not be spoken to them any more : 12 : 20 ( For they could not endure that which was commanded , And if so much as a beast touch the mountain , it shall be stoned , or thrust through with a dart : 12 : 21 And so terrible was the sight , that Moses said , I exceedingly fear and quake :) 12 : 22 But ye are come unto mount Sion , and unto the city of the living God , the heavenly Jerusalem , and to an innumerable company of angels , 12 : 23 To the general assembly and church of the firstborn , which are written in heaven , and to God the Judge of all , and to the spirits of just men made perfect , 12 : 24 And to Jesus the mediator of the new covenant , and to the blood of sprinkling , that speaketh better things than that of Abel .
1 : 18 Of his own will begat he us with the word of truth , that we should be a kind of firstfruits of his creatures .
1 : 10 Of which salvation the prophets have enquired and searched diligently , who prophesied of the grace that should come unto you : 1 : 11 Searching what , or what manner of time the Spirit of Christ which was in them did signify , when it testified beforehand the sufferings of Christ , and the glory that should follow .
2 : 9 But ye are a chosen generation , a royal priesthood , an holy nation , a peculiar people ; that ye should shew forth the praises of him who hath called you out of darkness into his marvellous light ; 2 : 10 Which in time past were not a people , but are now the people of God : which had not obtained mercy , but now have obtained mercy .
2 : 21 For even hereunto were ye called : because Christ also suffered for us , leaving us an example , that ye should follow his steps : 2 : 22 Who did no sin , neither was guile found in his mouth : 2 : 23 Who , when he was reviled , reviled not again ; when he suffered , he threatened not ; but committed himself to him that judgeth righteously : 2 : 24 Who his own self bare our sins in his own body on the tree , that we , being dead to sins , should live unto righteousness : by whose stripes ye were healed .
3 : 8 Finally , be ye all of one mind , having compassion one of another , love as brethren , be pitiful , be courteous : 3 : 9 Not rendering evil for evil , or railing for railing : but contrariwise blessing ; knowing that ye are thereunto called , that ye should inherit a blessing .
4 : 1 Forasmuch then as Christ hath suffered for us in the flesh , arm yourselves likewise with the same mind : for he that hath suffered in the flesh hath ceased from sin ; 4 : 2 That he no longer should live the rest of his time in the flesh to the lusts of men , but to the will of God .
2 : 4 For if God spared not the angels that sinned , but cast them down to hell , and delivered them into chains of darkness , to be reserved unto judgment ; 2 : 5 And spared not the old world , but saved Noah the eighth person , a preacher of righteousness , bringing in the flood upon the world of the ungodly ; 2 : 6 And turning the cities of Sodom and Gomorrha into ashes condemned them with an overthrow , making them an ensample unto those that after should live ungodly ; 2 : 7 And delivered just Lot , vexed with the filthy conversation of the wicked : 2 : 8 ( For that righteous man dwelling among them , in seeing and hearing , vexed his righteous soul from day to day with their unlawful deeds ;) 2 : 9 The Lord knoweth how to deliver the godly out of temptations , and to reserve the unjust unto the day of judgment to be punished : 2 : 10 But chiefly them that walk after the flesh in the lust of uncleanness , and despise government .
3 : 9 The Lord is not slack concerning his promise , as some men count slackness ; but is longsuffering to us - ward , not willing that any should perish , but that all should come to repentance .
3 : 1 Behold , what manner of love the Father hath bestowed upon us , that we should be called the sons of God : therefore the world knoweth us not , because it knew him not .
3 : 11 For this is the message that ye heard from the beginning , that we should love one another .
3 : 23 And this is his commandment , That we should believe on the name of his Son Jesus Christ , and love one another , as he gave us commandment .
4 : 2 Hereby know ye the Spirit of God : Every spirit that confesseth that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is of God : 4 : 3 And every spirit that confesseth not that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is not of God : and this is that spirit of antichrist , whereof ye have heard that it should come ; and even now already is it in the world .
This is the commandment , That , as ye have heard from the beginning , ye should walk in it .
1 : 3 Beloved , when I gave all diligence to write unto you of the common salvation , it was needful for me to write unto you , and exhort you that ye should earnestly contend for the faith which was once delivered unto the saints .
1 : 17 But , beloved , remember ye the words which were spoken before of the apostles of our Lord Jesus Christ ; 1 : 18 How that they told you there should be mockers in the last time , who should walk after their own ungodly lusts .
6 : 4 And there went out another horse that was red : and power was given to him that sat thereon to take peace from the earth , and that they should kill one another : and there was given unto him a great sword .
6 : 11 And white robes were given unto every one of them ; and it was said unto them , that they should rest yet for a little season , until their fellowservants also and their brethren , that should be killed as they were , should be fulfilled .
7 : 1 And after these things I saw four angels standing on the four corners of the earth , holding the four winds of the earth , that the wind should not blow on the earth , nor on the sea , nor on any tree .
8 : 3 And another angel came and stood at the altar , having a golden censer ; and there was given unto him much incense , that he should offer it with the prayers of all saints upon the golden altar which was before the throne .
9 : 4 And it was commanded them that they should not hurt the grass of the earth , neither any green thing , neither any tree ; but only those men which have not the seal of God in their foreheads .
9 : 5 And to them it was given that they should not kill them , but that they should be tormented five months : and their torment was as the torment of a scorpion , when he striketh a man .
9 : 20 And the rest of the men which were not killed by these plagues yet repented not of the works of their hands , that they should not worship devils , and idols of gold , and silver , and brass , and stone , and of wood : which neither can see , nor hear , nor walk : 9 : 21 Neither repented they of their murders , nor of their sorceries , nor of their fornication , nor of their thefts .
10 : 5 And the angel which I saw stand upon the sea and upon the earth lifted up his hand to heaven , 10 : 6 And sware by him that liveth for ever and ever , who created heaven , and the things that therein are , and the earth , and the things that therein are , and the sea , and the things which are therein , that there should be time no longer : 10 : 7 But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel , when he shall begin to sound , the mystery of God should be finished , as he hath declared to his servants the prophets .
11 : 18 And the nations were angry , and thy wrath is come , and the time of the dead , that they should be judged , and that thou shouldest give reward unto thy servants the prophets , and to the saints , and them that fear thy name , small and great ; and shouldest destroy them which destroy the earth .
12 : 6 And the woman fled into the wilderness , where she hath a place prepared of God , that they should feed her there a thousand two hundred and threescore days .
13 : 13 And he doeth great wonders , so that he maketh fire come down from heaven on the earth in the sight of men , 13 : 14 And deceiveth them that dwell on the earth by the means of those miracles which he had power to do in the sight of the beast ; saying to them that dwell on the earth , that they should make an image to the beast , which had the wound by a sword , and did live .
13 : 15 And he had power to give life unto the image of the beast , that the image of the beast should both speak , and cause that as many as would not worship the image of the beast should be killed .
19 : 8 And to her was granted that she should be arrayed in fine linen , clean and white : for the fine linen is the righteousness of saints .
19 : 15 And out of his mouth goeth a sharp sword , that with it he should smite the nations : and he shall rule them with a rod of iron : and he treadeth the winepress of the fierceness and wrath of Almighty God .
20 : 2 And he laid hold on the dragon , that old serpent , which is the Devil , and Satan , and bound him a thousand years , 20 : 3 And cast him into the bottomless pit , and shut him up , and set a seal upon him , that he should deceive the nations no more , till the thousand years should be fulfilled : and after that he must be loosed a little season .
They look in every thoughtless nest Where birds are covered warm ; They visit caves of every beast , To keep them all from harm : If they see any weeping That should have been sleeping , They pour sleep on their head , And sit down by their bed .
For where ' er the sun does shine , And where ' er the rain does fall , Babes should never hunger there , Nor poverty the mind appall .
And I saw it was filled with graves , And tombstones where flowers should be ; And priests in black gowns were walking their rounds , And binding with briars my joys and desires .
They stumble all night over bones of the dead ; And feel -- they know not what but care ; And wish to lead others , when they should be led .
Thou gentle maid of silent valleys and of modest brooks : For thou shall be clothed in light , and fed with morning manna : Till summers heat melts thee beside the fountains and the springs To flourish in eternal vales : they why should Thel complain .
Why should the mistress of the vales of Har , utter a sigh .
" Really ," he said , " you do not live well at all ; you should see how I live !
And once , when he was hunting for crabs , he was so hungry that he put his paw into the water after a crab without looking first ,-- which you never should do !
" Thank you , again , Mr Alligator ; very sweet of you to show me where you are ; I can ' t stay to thank you as I should like : good - bye !"
Then he crept and crawled inside , and hid himself there in the house , to wait till the little Jackal should come home .
How can I learn to rule myself , To be the child I should , Honest and brave , nor ever tire Of trying to be good ?
And when he was being carried away on the sledge he lay wondering , _so_ contentedly , whether he should be the mast of a ship or part of a fine city house .
He ordered his soldiers to kill every boy baby that should be born in an Israelitish family ; he did not care about the girls , because they could not grow up to fight .
She had been thinking all this time about what she should do , and now she carried out her plan .
But they could not be satisfied to have so much done for them and not know to whom they should be grateful .
" I should like to make them some pretty clothes ," said the wife , " they are quite naked ."
" But Brother Tiger ," said the Brahmin , " you know if I should let you out , you would spring on me and eat me up ."
It is not fair or just that you should eat me , when I set you free ."
However , the Brahmin argued so hard that at last the Tiger agreed to wait and ask the first five whom they should meet , whether it was fair for him to eat the Brahmin , and to abide by their decision .
" Brother Banyan ," said the Brahmin , eagerly , " does it seem to you right or just that this Tiger should eat me , when I set him free from his cage ?"
" Brother Bullock , oh , Brother Bullock , does it seem to you a fair thing that this Tiger should eat me up , after I have just freed him from a cage ?"
Tell us if it seems to you fair that this Tiger should eat me up , when I have just saved him from a frightful cage ?"
said the Brahmin , " does it seem at all right or fair to you that this Tiger should eat me up , when I have just now let him out of a cage ?"
Do you think it right or fair that this Tiger should eat me , when I set him free from a terrible cage ?"
" I said ," said the Brahmin , raising his voice , " do you think it is fair that the Tiger should eat me , when I set him free from his cage ?"
Well , Brother Brahmin , now that it is locked , I should advise you to let it stay locked !
Why should you want to roll over ?"
They asked the little Nightingale to sing , over and over again , and when they had listened enough the Emperor said that she should be made " Singer in Chief to the Court ."
They would have made it sing the tune thirty - four times , but the Emperor said , " I should like to hear the real Nightingale sing , now ."
So it was soon agreed that the garden should be the first thing attended to .
" I should love a salad garden ."
" The rear right foot is as it should be , now ," said a third , " and it adds so much to the beauty of the whole !"
But Prince Cherry had been rather spoiled by his nurse when he was a child ; she had always said to him that when he should become king he could do exactly as he pleased .
Then he thought he should be perfectly happy , having his own way ; but instead , he grew more unhappy as he grew less good .
But in order to keep the little dog from growing , the queen ordered that he should be fed very little , and that was pretty hard for the poor prince .
" Zelia has broken your spell ," she said to the prince , " as I meant she should , when you were worthy of her love ."
After the farmer was dead , the sons went to work to find the pot of gold ; since they did not know where the hiding - place was , they agreed to begin in a line , at one end of the orchard , and to dig until one of them should find the money .
For , it seems the king had promised his daughter and a great lot of money to anyone who should be able to build up his court .
Then the tailor said that he would kill the other giant for him , and welcome ; that there should be no delay at all about that .
" But ," said David , " who is this Philistine , that he should defy the armies of the living God ?"
Very soon , some of the officers told the king about the youth who was asking so many questions , and who said that it was shame upon Israel that a mere Philistine should defy the armies of the living God .
Almost he hoped he should not find the man , and could believe that he had dreamed the angel vision .
In them he should find two souls like his own , in God ' s sight .
The Christ Child did not forget the lovely sight , and long afterward he bade that to celebrate His birthday there should be placed in every house a Fir Tree , which might be lit up with candles to shine for the children as the stars shone for Him on His first birthday .
When he came in sight of the little pool , who should he see but another fisherman there , who had already caught a fine fat trout .
" I was sitting on the bank of the Laughing Brook beside one of the little pools ," he told Billy Mink , " and was just going to eat a fat trout I had caught , when who should come along but that great big bully , Buster Bear .
I suppose that if Buster Bear should happen along and catch him , he would be stealing from me , according to Little Joe ."
It is too bad that such a fine young fellow as Little Joe should spoil a good disposition by such selfish heedlessness .
Now Little Joe is good - natured and full of fun as a rule , and after he had reached home and his temper had cooled off a little , he began to see the joke on himself ,-- how when he had worked so hard to frighten the fish in the little pools of the Laughing Brook so that Buster Bear should not catch any , he had all the time been driving them right into Buster ' s paws .
Instead he carefully laid it on an old log where Buster Bear would be sure to see it if he should come along that way .
He knew every pool in the Laughing Brook where the trout love to hide , did Farmer Brown ' s boy , and it was just the kind of a morning when the trout should be hungry .
" If I didn ' t know that nobody else comes fishing here , I should think that somebody had been here this very morning and caught all the fish or else frightened them so that they are all in hiding ," said he , as he trudged on to the next little pool .
So it was agreed that Blacky should try his plan the very next morning .
If you should meet with Buster Bear While walking through the wood , What would you do ?
What should he do ?
He saw Farmer Brown ' s boy filling a great tin pail with blueberries , and he knew that Farmer Brown ' s boy didn ' t know that Buster Bear was anywhere about , and he knew that Buster Bear didn ' t know that Farmer Brown ' s boy was anywhere about , and somehow he felt very sure that he would see something funny happen if they should chance to meet .
This he exclaimed right out loud , for he had just come in sight of the flat stone where the sandwiches should have been , and they were not there .
' Dinah ' ll miss me very much to - night , I should think !'
I wonder what I should be like then ?'
Everything is so out - of - the - way down here , that I should think very likely it can talk : at any rate , there ' s no harm in trying .'
The Mouse did not answer , so Alice went on eagerly : ' There is such a nice little dog near our house I should like to show you !
She went in without knocking , and hurried upstairs , in great fear lest she should meet the real Mary Ann , and be turned out of the house before she had found the fan and gloves .
said Alice , as she leant against a buttercup to rest herself , and fanned herself with one of the leaves : ' I should have liked teaching it tricks very much , if -- if I ' d only been the right size to do it !
' Well , perhaps you haven ' t found it so yet ,' said Alice ; ' but when you have to turn into a chrysalis -- you will some day , you know -- and then after that into a butterfly , I should think you ' ll feel it a little queer , won ' t you ?'
' Well , I should like to be a LITTLE larger , sir , if you wouldn ' t mind ,' said Alice : ' three inches is such a wretched height to be .'
' And just as I ' d taken the highest tree in the wood ,' continued the Pigeon , raising its voice to a shriek , ' and just as I was thinking I should be free of them at last , they must needs come wriggling down from the sky !
' Whoever lives there ,' thought Alice , ' it ' ll never do to come upon them THIS size : why , I should frighten them out of their wits !'
' I should like it very much ,' said Alice , ' but I haven ' t been invited yet .'
It was so large a house , that she did not like to go nearer till she had nibbled some more of the lefthand bit of mushroom , and raised herself to about two feet high : even then she walked up towards it rather timidly , saying to herself ' Suppose it should be raving mad after all !
' You should learn not to make personal remarks ,' Alice said with some severity ; ' it ' s very rude .'
' Then you should say what you mean ,' the March Hare went on .
' Why should it ?'
' You can draw water out of a water - well ,' said the Hatter ; ' so I should think you could draw treacle out of a treacle - well -- eh , stupid ?'
Two began in a low voice , ' Why the fact is , you see , Miss , this here ought to have been a RED rose - tree , and we put a white one in by mistake ; and if the Queen was to find it out , we should all have our heads cut off , you know .
' How should I know ?'
' I don ' t think they play at all fairly ,' Alice began , in rather a complaining tone , ' and they all quarrel so dreadfully one can ' t hear oneself speak -- and they don ' t seem to have any rules in particular ; at least , if there are , nobody attends to them -- and you ' ve no idea how confusing it is all the things being alive ; for instance , there ' s the arch I ' ve got to go through next walking about at the other end of the ground -- and I should have croqueted the Queen ' s hedgehog just now , only it ran away when it saw mine coming !'
' I think I should understand that better ,' Alice said very politely , ' if I had it written down : but I can ' t quite follow it as you say it .'
' Of course not ,' said the Mock Turtle : ' why , if a fish came to ME , and told me he was going a journey , I should say " With what porpoise ?"'
' I should like to hear her try and repeat something now .
' I should like to have it explained ,' said the Mock Turtle .
' They ' re putting down their names ,' the Gryphon whispered in reply , ' for fear they should forget them before the end of the trial .'
She soon got it out again , and put it right ; ' not that it signifies much ,' she said to herself ; ' I should think it would be QUITE as much use in the trial one way up as the other .'
He sent them word I had not gone ( We know it to be true ): If she should push the matter on , What would become of you ?
If I or she should chance to be Involved in this affair , He trusts to you to set them free , Exactly as we were .
The ball should be on top of the cross .
And the fruit should be at the top of the tree , not at the bottom of it ."
said the monk , a wrinkle coming into his forehead , " so you think that in a rationalistic scheme of symbolism the ball should be on top of the cross ?"
He remembered with a sort of strange pity that this had always been made to mean that whoever lost his physical life should save his spiritual life .
Some will think it improbable that a human soul swinging desperately in mid - air should think about philosophical inconsistencies .
It seems almost as if there were some equality among things , some balance in all possible contingencies which we are not permitted to know lest we should learn indifference to good and evil , but which is sometimes shown to us for an instant as a last aid in our last agony .
They should not move till they saw their own sweet and startling existence .
They should not go from that place till they went home embracing like brothers and shouting like men delivered .
The socialists said he was cursing priests when he should be cursing capitalists .
" Be quiet ," said the magistrate , angrily , " it is most undesirable that things of that sort should be spoken about -- a -- in public , and in an ordinary Court of Justice .
If you had simply expressed regret for what you had done , I should have been strongly inclined to dismiss the matter as an outbreak of temper .
I would fight for my friend , but if I lost my friend , I should still be there .
I would fight for my country , but if I lost my country , I should still exist .
But if what that devil dreams were true , I should not be -- I should burst like a bubble and be gone .
I should love to see him sending you challenges and to see you smiling .
Until the event comes off , therefore I should suggest that quarrelling would be inconvenient and rather inartistic ; while the ordinary exchange of politeness between man and man would be not only elegant but uncommonly practical ."
All duellists should behave like gentlemen to each other .
They had forgotten that there exists in the modern world , perhaps for the first time in history , a class of people whose interest is not that things should happen well or happen badly , should happen successfully or happen unsuccessfully , should happen to the advantage of this party or the advantage of that part , but whose interest simply is that things should happen .
" Why should I mind ?"
If I did not suspect that you were a genius , I should certainly know you were a blockhead .
" I should feel ," answered the other , " just as I should feel if you had drawn your sword , and I had run away from it .
I should feel that because I had been weak , justice had not been done ."
" If I had a blow on the back of my head , I might come to think you a green elephant ," answered MacIan , " but have I not the right to say now , that if I thought that I should think wrong ?"
" Why should not angels sometimes come to show us the black abyss of evil on whose brink we stand .
It is only natural that the fool who wanted us to fight should make us friendly .
Yes , there is a real difference between the natural and the supernatural : if you flew up into that blue sky this instant , I should think that you were moved by God -- or the devil .
" You think as I do , I hope ; you think that a man should be connected with the Church ; with the common Christian ----"
" I mean ," explained MacIan elaborately , " that you think that there should be someone typifying religion , a priest ----"
" I often fancy that your historical generalizations rest frequently on random instances ; I should not be surprised if your vague notions of the Church as the persecutor of science was a generalization from Galileo .
I should not be at all surprised if , when you counted the scientific investigations and discoveries since the fall of Rome , you found that a great mass of them had been made by monks .
It seems rather hard that having first been told that our creed must be false because we did use tests , we should now be told that it must be false because we don ' t .
Why should anyone worship a thing merely because it is small or immature ?
He said : " I will wait for signs from God until I have any signs of His existence ; but God -- or Fate -- forbid that a man of scientific culture should refuse any kind of experiment ."
" Why should you -- no , I must tell her , of course ----"
I am to save the children from death , and I am not even certain that I should not be better dead .
I suppose if I actually saw a child drowning I should save it .
It seemed impossible that he should ever move .
There was a space filled with the sound of the sea , and then MacIan spoke again in a voice pathetically reasonable : " You see , we both saved her -- and she told us both to fight -- and it would not be just that either should fail and fall alone , while the other ----"
But why the blue blazes should you interfere , you great blue blundering sausages ?"
" It is as well that you should know the worst and the best .
" I need not remind you how far it should go elsewhere ."
As no particular purpose could be served by delay , it was arranged that the affair should fall out three days afterwards .
No one has ever hit me ; and if they had I should not feel as a man may .
Bert seemed to crush his teeth together until they broke , and managed to say between them : " And why should you suppose that I shouldn ' t do as you say -- I mean not to do it at all ?"
" If you want to hurry you should take a yacht , and if "-- he said , with a burst of rationality , like one leaping to a further point in logic --" if you want a yacht -- you can have mine ."
Then he had a momentary return of his hysteria and said : " I say , old boy , I should like to see a chart of our fortnight ' s cruise in Wilkinson ' s yacht ."
I suggest that if it comes to that we should both have sticks .
He improves on the suggestion and proposes that we should both have steel - pointed sticks .
He believes in the divine right of kings , and it is appropriate enough that he should have the king for his second .
But it is not appropriate to me that I should have God for my second .
" Why should I take it off ," retorted MacIan , with equal heat , " before a usurper ?"
What had your sires to do with England that they should have the foul offering of the blood of Derwentwater and the heart of Jimmy Dawson ?
" Scores of them , I should say ," answered MacIan .
" Obviously one should not trust any God that one can improve on ."
" And he says ," went on MacIan , monotonously , " that he cannot see why anyone should suppose that a triangle is a three - sided figure .
and the next moment was seized by a sort of choking terror lest his question should be answered .
you had only to say , ' Yes , it is rather a shame ,' and I should have forgotten the affair .
I mean the three celebrated sentences : ' No man should be unemployed .
I think I should always have said that I don ' t like this .
He was hidden and sealed up in this little crack of stone until the flesh should fall off his bones .
For these great scientific organizers insisted that a man should be healthy even if he was miserable .
Why the blazes should it matter to them whether I am dirty or clean ."
You don ' t suppose I should have let these lunatics out of their cells without good reason .
Turnbull gave one stamp upon the gravel , then pulled himself together , and resumed : " But why should your infernal head medicine - man lock us up in separate cells while he was turning England into a madhouse ?
" Why should all England have gone dotty on the mere subject of dottiness ?"
" Why should you be surprised at my fighting ?
Torture should be violently stopped , though the Church is doing it .
" Oh , how should I know !"
This file should be named bllcr10 . txt or bllcr10 . zip Corrected EDITIONS of our eBooks get a new NUMBER , bllcr11 . txt VERSIONS based on separate sources get new LETTER , bllcr10a . txt
Money should be paid to the : " Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ."
It is not remarkable that such people , with the sea moaning behind them and the Church ( excuse me again ) droning in front of them , should put fantastic features into what are probably plain events .
" What is there about Mr Glass and his money troubles that should impel such urgency ?"
An old dandy , I should think ."
The hair of human beings falls out in very varying degrees , but almost always falls out slightly , and with the lens I should see the tiny hairs in a hat recently worn .
Now when this is taken with the high - pitched and querulous voice which Miss MacNab described so vividly ( patience , my dear lady , patience ), when we take the hairless head together with the tone common in senile anger , I should think we may deduce some advance in years .
" I should not advise you , Miss MacNab ," said Dr Hood gravely , " to be in any hurry to fetch the police .
There are four objections to this : First , why should a gentleman so dressy as our friend Glass leave his hat behind him , if he left of his own free will ?
But I should interpret those transverse wrinkles as expressing rather such slight psychological abnormality --"
Why should we not now have the newest factories , the newest motors , the newest finance -- the newest clothes ?"
" But I should suggest a suspension of your critique of the banker , for here he comes ."
Now since it would be really immoral to announce such a thing to a credulous public if it had not occurred , I suggest it should occur without further delay .
I suggest that Mr Harrogate senior should now give me the two thousand pounds in his pocket ."
I should have thought the brigand was plain enough ."
" I should like to have your opinion on them .
Why should the brigand - courier warn his patron , even by a hint , when it was his whole purpose to lure him into the mountain - mousetrap ?
Why should Ezza Montano want so specially to tell all Europe that he had picked the pocket before he levied the blackmail ?"
M . Brun had become prominent by his proposal that the common expression " Adieu " should be obliterated from all the French classics , and a slight fine imposed for its use in private life .
An eminent and very wealthy English Quaker , who had come to see him to arrange for the disarmament of the whole planet , was rather distressed by Armagnac ' s proposal that ( by way of beginning ) the soldiers should shoot their officers .
Once more a few sentences were inaudible , but they could hear him say : " To my friends -- I myself should always prefer weapons purely intellectual , and to these an evolved humanity will certainly confine itself .
That the direction about the drawer , the colour of ink , the colour of envelope , should none of them be right by accident , that can ' t be a coincidence .
" I should call it thin ," said the priest promptly .
" I should call it uncommonly thin .
You ' ve done nearly everything you could do to hang yourselves , if this actor should be acquitted .
" And can you tell us why ," he asked , " you should know your own figure in a looking - glass , when two such distinguished men don ' t ?"
And , unless the just anger of the Republic is at last going to electrocute journalists for writing like that , I don ' t quite see why it should interest you either ."
I should cut a poor figure , with my short legs , running about this State after an athletic assassin of that sort .
It is not mysterious , it is not even odd , that a jailbird should take his gun to Pilgrim ' s Pond .
There is no reason why anybody in America should want to kill an English lord newly landed , except for the one reason mentioned in the pink paper -- that the lord is paying his attentions to the millionaire ' s daughter .
I should ask for more than words myself before I hanged anybody ."
If I had never heard the words , I should have known by the very shock upon his features that the so - called Oscar Rian had heard his real name .
" Why should he be innocent of that crime ?"
The very steps up to the dark front doors seem as steep as the side of pyramids ; one would hesitate to knock at the door , lest it should be opened by a mummy .
" But why should I need help ?"
I don ' t know why a touch on the nose should affect my imagination so much .
DEAR FINN ,-- I think it would do ; copy should reach us second post Saturday .-- Yours , E . NUTT .
The blow fell at dinner ; and the old librarian said he should never forget the very look of the lampshades and the decanters , as the little lawyer , with a steady smile , proposed to the great landlord that they should halve the estates between them .
Why should he show every stranger over such a Chamber of Horrors unless he is proud of it ?
" If ," he said , " your Grace will permit me my real petition , or if I retain any right to advise you , I would urge that as many people as possible should be present .
And what would our people say then , I should like to know !
And turning again to face the ship , and holding up both arms to Heaven -- like a prophet calling plagues upon a wicked city -- he called out to Pendragon in a piercing and terrible voice , that he at least was yet living , that he would go on living , that he would live for ever ; and that generation after generation the house of Pendragon should never see him or his , but should know by very certain signs that he and his vengeance were alive .
" But it seems rather odd ," said Flambeau , " that it should exactly confirm the old legend ."
You should have seen me with the spud !
" Though it seems odd it should bear me , and you go through the weak place .
" My waiters are all Italians , you see , and I thought it only fair they should see their countryman beat the black , if he really can do it .
But somehow something in the contrast of colour and caste increased his surprise that the hotel proprietor should answer the call of the cook , and not the cook the call of the proprietor .
" It ' s odd you should mention Epsom ," said the priest .
He only said : " If you want to murder somebody , I should advise it ."
Then , as the restless man with the revolver turned again towards the door in the garden , he added in a husky , confidential voice : " I doubt whether I should send for the police , for fear my friend here has been a little too free with his bullets , and got on the wrong side of the law .
"` If you had only seen the Monkey ' s Feet ,' he said , smiling steadily , and without other preface , ` we should have been very gentle -- you would only be tortured and die .
If you had seen the Monkey ' s Face , still we should be very moderate , very tolerant -- you would only be tortured and live .
But Father Brown had to tell himself sharply that one should be in charity even with those who wax their pointed beards , who have small gloved hands , and who speak with perfectly modulated voices .
Whose prints they were I have no earthly clue ; but why should anybody hold a sword half - way down ?
" Why ," replied the other , " I should say this was the only place in Europe where a man was ever shot without firearms ."
"` Sir ,' said the Prince of Heiligwaldenstein , with quite unusual courtesy , ` I should like only one word with you .'
He stared and talked at the girl ' s red hair and amused face for what seemed to be a few minutes ; and then , feeling that the groups in such a place should mix , rose to his feet .
One comes here and talks a pack of bosh , and perhaps some sense as well , but I should think very little of a man who didn ' t keep something in the background of his life that was more serious than all this talking -- something more serious , whether it was religion or only drink ."
If you will take upon yourself this awful abnegations if you will consent to burden your soul with a vow that you should never make and a knowledge you should never dream about , I will promise you in return --"
It is curious you should mention the matter , because the very night you have dropped in ( if I may so express it ) is the night on which our London branch , which assembles in this room , has to elect its own deputy to fill a vacancy in the Council .
" I should hardly call it a branch ," said Syme , laughing ; " I should call it at the very least a root ."
" Which is founded upon love ," repeated Gregory , grinding his teeth , " there will be no difficulty about the aims which we shall pursue as a body , or which I should pursue were I chosen as the representative of that body .
Do we line these walls with weapons and bar that door with death lest anyone should come and hear Comrade Gregory saying to us , ' Be good , and you will be happy ,' ' Honesty is the best policy ,' and ' Virtue is its own reward '?
I set myself against Comrade Gregory as impersonally and as calmly as I should choose one pistol rather than another out of that rack upon the wall ; and I say that rather than have Gregory and his milk - and - water methods on the Supreme Council , I would offer myself for election --"
You should really come and see him .
Or rather , I should not say see him , nobody ever sees him ; but you can talk to him if you like ."
It will never be known , I suppose , why this square itself should look so alien and in some ways so continental .
Only three days afterwards the Czar was to meet the President of the French Republic in Paris , and over their bacon and eggs upon their sunny balcony these beaming gentlemen had decided how both should die .
I take it we should all agree with the original notion of a bomb .
As to the actual arrangements , I should suggest that tomorrow morning he should go first of all to --"
If we had come here first , we should have had the whole staff at the keyhole .
I propose , before saying anything else , that those plans and places should not be voted by this meeting , but should be left wholly in the control of some one reliable member .
But what would matter , even unto death , is this , that there should be one actually among us who is not of us , who knows our grave purpose , but does not share it , who --"
That any human being should stand in such weather looking into such a shop was a matter of sufficient wonder to Syme ; but his idle wonder turned suddenly into a personal shock ; for he realised that the man standing there was the paralytic old Professor de Worms .
Then he could collect his thoughts , formulate his policy , and decide finally whether he should or should not keep faith with Gregory .
It would be a very small comfort that he could not find the Professor out , if by some serious accident the Professor should find him out .
The face of the unforgettable President sprang into his mind as startling as a coloured photograph , and he remarked this difference between Sunday and all his satellites , that their faces , however fierce or sinister , became gradually blurred by memory like other human faces , whereas Sunday ' s seemed almost to grow more actual during absence , as if a man ' s painted portrait should slowly come alive .
" Because I am afraid of him ," said Syme ; " and no man should leave in the universe anything of which he is afraid ."
" When I myself left the company , followed by reverent applause , I went limping down the dark street , hoping that I should soon be far enough away to be able to walk like a human being .
You should hear me say , ' Buck up , old cock !'
How improbable it was that there should be another friend there beside Gogol !
There should have been the black outline of a guillotine against that heavy red and white of the morning .
" Perhaps I should rather say ," said Syme on his fingers , " that it resembles that sudden smell of the sea which may be found in the heart of lush woods ."
We cannot get him detained on some trivial charge , for we should have to appear ; he knows us , and he would smell a rat .
The member of the Legion of Honour , whose name it seemed was Colonel Ducroix , approached the Professor and Dr . Bull with great politeness , and suggested that the play should terminate with the first considerable hurt .
Dr . Bull , however , having been carefully coached by Syme upon this point of policy , insisted , with great dignity and in very bad French , that it should continue until one of the combatants was disabled .
Half mad , he thrust again , and made what should have been a bloody scar on the Marquis ' s cheek .
" And why the infernal blazes ," roared the other , " should I want to go by the train ?"
Can you think of anything more like Sunday than this , that he should put all his powerful enemies on the Supreme Council , and then take care that it was not supreme ?
Why should it ?
Syme had a fixed , superstitious fancy , left in his mind by the chance phrase of the Colonel , that this was indeed , perhaps , the last honest stranger whom he should ever see upon the earth .
The Colonel suggested that , before making finally for the police station , they should make the effort , in passing , to attach to themselves one more individual who might be useful .
" I have a suspicion that you are all mad ," said Dr . Renard , smiling sociably ; " but God forbid that madness should in any way interrupt friendship .
" I suppose we might find it out from him ; but I confess that I should feel a bit afraid of asking Sunday who he really is ."
They had disputed much upon their policy , about whether they should leave the unmasked Gogol without and begin diplomatically , or whether they should bring him in and blow up the gunpowder at once .
Afterwards he thought it queer that he should have seen them so clearly .
" The word , I fancy , should be ' pink '."
" Why the blazes should I look at a captive balloon ?'
The optimist of the party had at first proposed that they should follow the balloon across South England in hansom - cabs .
He felt that the hedges were what hedges should be , living walls ; that a hedge is like a human army , disciplined , but all the more alive .
Still , I may be allowed to ask why I should be particularly like Thursday in a green frock spotted all over with the sun and moon .
But I should like to know .
I should like to know ."
" It seems so silly that you should have been on both sides and fought yourself ."
He had been used to bring home turf from the bog on his back , to lead cart - horses , and often to go on errands for gentlemen ' s families , who paid him a sixpence or a shilling , according to the distance which he went , so that Edmund , by some or other of these little employments , was , as he said , likely enough to earn his bread ; and he told Mary to have a good heart , for that he should every year grow able to do more and more , and that he should never forget his mother ' s words when she last gave him her blessing , and joined their hands all together .
So one helped to thatch the room in which they were to sleep , and another took their cow to graze upon his bit of land on condition of having half the milk ; and one and all said they should be welcome to take share of their potatoes and buttermilk if they should find their own ever fall short .
Isabella and Caroline often visited them , and sometimes gave them clothes , and sometimes flax or cotton for their spinning and knitting ; and these children did not EXPECT , that because the ladies did something for them , they should do everything .
When he was praised for these things , he said it was his sister Mary who should be thanked , and not he ; and he showed the shoes which she had made for him .
" St . Patrick ' s days should come about , There would be found A treasure under ground , By one within twenty miles round ."
Hopkins had sold the gold coins , and some of the others ; and he flattered himself that the children , and the young ladies , to whom he now found they had been shown , could not tell whether what they had seen were gold or not , and he was not in the least apprehensive that those of Henry the Seventh ' s reign should be reclaimed from him as he thought they had escaped attention .
I believe he was afraid I should steal it ; he twitched it from my hand in such a hurry .
" True ," said Mary ; " but is not it a hard case that we , who have lived , as my mother did all her life before us , in peace and honesty with all the world , should now have our good name taken from us , when --" Mary ' s voice faltered and stopped .
Being further pressed , he acknowledged that it was made a condition in his bargain that he should not sell them to anyone in Ireland , but that he had been tempted by the high price the present noble possessor had offered .
Mr . Harvey desired that Mary and her sisters might have the slated house , rent free , from this time forward , under the care of ladies Isabella and Caroline , as long as Mary or her sisters should carry on in it any useful business .
Now , however , he set about the task ; and having picked out those which he judged to be the best , he put them in a small basket , and gave them to Jem to sell , upon condition that he should bring him half of what he got .
" I ' ve no story , ma ' am , to tell , but as how mammy says he must go to the fair Monday fortnight , to be sold , if she can ' t get the two guineas for her rent ; and I should be main sorry to part with him , for I love him , and he loves me ; so I ' ll work for him , I will , all I can .
" If I had four and sevenpence ," said he to himself , " I certainly should be happy !"
I should not care what sort of mats they were , so that one could wipe one ' s feet on them ."
About a mile from his mother ' s house , on the common which Jem rode over when he went to Farmer Truck ' s for the giant strawberries , he remembered to have seen a great quantity of this heath ; and , as it was now only six o ' clock in the evening , he knew that he should have time to feed Lightfoot , stroke him , go to the common , return , and make one trial of his skill before he went to bed .
Lightfoot carried him swiftly to the common , and there Jem gathered as much of the heath as he thought he should want .
" What a fool you are ," said he to Lawrence , the moment he got him out of the stable ; " you might have known he would not go , else we should soon have trimmed him out of his four and sevenpence .
" But to steal ," said Lawrence , drawing back with horror , " I never thought I should come to that -- and from poor Jem , too -- the money that he has worked so hard for , too ."
But it is better that they should know the truth , and see what the idle boy came to at last .
Dreading the moment when Jem should discover his loss , Lawrence dared not stay at home , and not knowing what to do , or where to go , he mechanically went to his old haunt at the stable yard , and lurked thereabouts all day with his accomplice , who tried in vain to quiet his fears and raise his spirits by talking of the next day ' s cock - fight .
It was agreed that as soon as the dusk of the evening came on , they should go together into a certain lonely field , and there divide their booty .
A man who was half drunk pushed his way forwards , swearing that nobody should stop him ; that he had a right to see -- and he WOULD see .
" Don ' t ask the lady to speak for him ," said the farmer ; " it ' s better he should go to Bridewell now , than to the gallows by - and - by ."
The door was opened by a large , red - faced man , in a blue coat and scarlet waistcoat , to whom he felt afraid to give his message , lest he should not be a servant .
But then , ma ' am , edication can ' t change the NATUR that ' s in one , they say ; and one ' s that born naturally bad and low , they say , all the edication in the world won ' t do no good ; and , for my part , ma ' am , I know you knows best ; but I should be afraid to let any of those Villaintropic folks get into my house ; for nobody can tell the natur of them aforehand .
Pomfret , who really was a good woman , was softened at this idea , and said , " God forbid he should starve or steal , and God forbid I should say anything PREJUDICIARY of the boy ; for there may be no harm in him ."
If you remember , you said you should have no objections to try the boy ; and upon that cook bought him new shirts ; but they are to the good , as I tell her ."
" O , no ma ' am , not at all ; she does not think to SAY THAT , else I should be very angry ; but the poor woman never let fall a word , any more than frets that the boy should miss such a good place ."
" Well , but since I did say that I should have no objection to try him , I shall keep my word ; let him come to - morrow .
At the same time he flattered himself he should win the goodwill of his fellow servants by showing a constant desire to oblige them .
Corkscrew kept the key of the house door , so that he could return home whenever he thought proper ; and , if he should by accident be called for by his mistress after supper , Felix knew where to find him , and did not scruple to make any of those excuses which poor Franklin had too much integrity to use .
It was agreed that , the first time his mistress sent him out on a message , he should carry the key of the house door to his cousin ' s , and deliver it into the hands of one of the gang , who were there in waiting for it .
Mrs . Pomfret , recovering from her fright , postponed all inquiries till the morning , and rejoiced that her mistress had not been awakened , whilst Corkscrew flattered himself that he should be able to conceal the true cause of the accident .
" No , I never told any tales of anybody , and I should be very sorry to get anyone into a scrape ; but for all that I shall not tell a lie , either for myself or anybody else , let you call me what names you will ."
Hold your tongue ; why should you poke yourself into this scrape ; what have you to do with it , I should be glad to know ?"
" No , ma ' am , he never makes mistakes ; it is not his way to go gossiping and tattling ; he never tells anything till he ' s asked , and then it ' s fit he should .
" How should you like to go to the play with me to - morrow ?"
" Oh ," exclaimed Franklin , " I should like it exceedingly ."
" But stay ," said Corkscrew , " what I am thinking of is , that if mistress will let you go , I ' ll treat you myself , rather than that you should he disappointed ."
" Oh , I should like it of all things , if I did not come between anybody else .
Mr . Spencer , lest the landlord should give them information of what was going forwards , took him along with him to Bow Street .
Indeed , so careful were even the village children of giving offence to this irritable man of the law , that they would not venture to fly a kite near his fields lest it should entangle in his trees , or fall upon his meadow .
The little electors thought that all business should give way to theirs , and Rose was dispatched to summon her friend immediately .
Mamma says she wishes I may be like Susan , when I grow up to be a great girl , and so do I . I should not like to look conceited as Barbara does , if I was ever so rich ."
" Oh , nothing , not much ," said Susan ; " only that I wanted the egg in a great hurry for father , it would not have vexed me -- to be sure I should have clipped my guinea - hen ' s wings , and then she could not have flown over the hedge ; but let us think no more about it , now ," added she , twinkling away a tear .
As he lowered his voice , Susan , who was not sure that he wished she should hear what he was going to say , retired from behind his chair .
Truth is truth , and must be spoken ; justice is justice , and should be done , Mr .
Susan sat motionless , and breathed softly , lest she should disturb her .
Then gently putting aside the crown , her companions bid her say who should wear it for her .
I would have taken a shilling yesterday , if it had been paid at the time properly ; but I told Susan , that if it was not paid then , I should keep the hen , and so I shall , I promise her .
" Little I can ' t so well call her now , since she ' s grown tall and slender to look at ; and glad I am she is grown up likely to look at ; for handsome is that handsome does ; she thinks no more of her being handsome than I do myself ; yet she has as proper a respect for herself , ma ' am , as you have ; and I always see her neat , and with her mother , ma ' am , or fit people , as a girl should be .
As for her mother , she dotes upon her , as well she may ; for I should myself if I had half such a daughter ; and then she has two little brothers ; and she ' s as good to them , and , my boy Philip says , taught ' em to read more than the school - mistress , all with tenderness and good nature ; but , I beg your pardon , ma ' am , I cannot stop myself when I once begin to talk of Susan ."
They were judiciously generous ; and whilst they wished to diffuse happiness , they were not peremptory in requiring that people should be happy precisely their own way .
Susan was willing that the pig should have some share of the bread and milk ; but as she ate with a spoon and he with his large mouth , she presently discovered that he was likely to have more than his share ; and in a simple tone of expostulation she said to him , " Take a POON , pig .
Sir Arthur Somers , the NEW MAN , did not suit him , and he began to be rather apprehensive that he should not suit Sir Arthur .
The attorney looked in unfeigned astonishment , that a man who was actually making 3 , OOO pounds per annum at the bar should leave it .
At this speech the attorney changed his ground , flattering himself that he should find his man averse to business , and ignorant of country affairs .
He softened , and said he should have had certainly more CONSIDERATION in the case of any but a litigious , pig - headed fellow , as he knew Price to be .
After having walked up and down his room , conversing with himself , for some time , the attorney concluded that the agency must be given to somebody when Sir Arthur should have to attend his duty in Parliament ; that the agency , even for the winter season , was not a thing to be neglected ; and that , if he managed well , he might yet secure it for himself .
As soon as all was set right , Price took the bills , and said he would go round to the neighbours , and collect the money himself ; for that he should be very proud to have it to say to them , that it was all earned by his own little daughter .
Susan resolved to keep the pleasure of telling him of his week ' s reprieve till he should come home to sup , as he had promised to do , in her mother ' s room .
" Hush ," said John , who was a year older than his brother , and very sage , " you should not put him in mind of his being blind ."
" If we were to accept a lamb from a rich neighbour on my estate ," said he , " I am afraid we should mortify many of our poor tenants , who can have little to offer , though , perhaps , they may bear us thorough good - will notwithstanding ."
I wish Susan had kept it at home , as she should have done !"
He was determined that she should have the pleasure of restoring the guinea - hen .
" Now , if my father was not to go away from us next week , and if my mother was quite stout , I should be the happiest person in the world !"
Now I ' ve my pretty guinea - hen safe once more , I should think of returning your money ."
" To be sure they should ," added Betty .
" I should just add , to set your heart at rest about the money , that it does not distress me at all to lend it to you .
I see more of the world under my tattered garb than , perhaps , I should ever see in a better dress .
I would not speak to you about it whilst we were bargaining about your land , lest I should over - awe you ; but , tell me , what is this flaw ?"
" In truth , and the truth is the fittest thing to be spoken at all times ," said the farmer , " I didn ' t know myself what a flaw , as they call it , meant , till I heard of the word from Attorney Case ; and , I take it , a flaw is neither more nor less than a mistake , as one should say .
" Heaven forbid , sir ," said the attorney , sanctifying his face , " that I should suggest the taking an UNFAIR advantage of any man , rich or poor ; but to break a bad lease is not taking an unfair advantage ."
Indeed he was glad to be let off so easily ; and he bowed and sneaked away , secretly comforting himself with the hope , that when they came to the valuation of the house and land he should be the gainer , perhaps of a few guineas .
" Sir ," said Susan , after consulting her mother ' s eyes , " there is , to be sure , a favour I should like to ask ; it is for Rose ."
She wishes , Susan , that you should be the maker of the cake for the dance ; and she has good things ready looked out for it already , I know .
A boy of about twelve years old , however , stepped forward and said , " I don ' t like Mr . Cox , I ' m sure ; for once he beat me when he was drunk ; but , for all that , no one should be accused wrongfully .
" Yes , sir ," said the boy , " I should like to go up those stairs , and to see what I should come to ."
" I broke your window with this ball ; but I did not know that I had done it , till this moment , I assure you , or I should have told you before .
They cannot live in town ," said Mr . Somerville , " or I should have heard of them ."
Mr . Somerville resolved to inquire more fully concerning this poor family , and to attend to their conduct himself , fully determined to assist them if he should find them such as they had been represented .
Why should not he ?
I shall begin to teach him to - morrow morning ; and then , father , you know people often pay a great deal for sending messengers ; and no boy can run , no horse can gallop , so fast as a bird can fly ; therefore the bird must be the best messenger , and I should be paid the best price .
Before they set out , they had , however , the prudence to secure the pigeon , so that he should not be seen by anyone but themselves .
" No ; nor I should not mind about the dinner , except the mince - pies .
" And will you , Rosamond -- not now , but when you have time to think about it -- tell me why I should make any difference between your birthday and any other day ?"
You know , my godmother when she gave it to you , said you would keep it longer than I should keep mine ; and I know what she thought by her look at the time .
The carriage was at the door -- Laura came running to call her ; her father ' s voice was heard at the same instant ; so she was obliged to go down with her basket but half wrapped up in silver paper -- a circumstance at which she was a good deal disconcerted ; for the pleasure of surprising Bell would be utterly lost if one bit of the filigree should peep out before the proper time .
And will you , or can you , or should you , always give , merely because others EXPECT , or because somebody else gives ?"
Rosamond , laughing : " Now you are making a joke of me , papa , I see ; but I thought you liked that people should be generous ,-- my godmother said that she did ."
But , for instance , to make a present of a thing that you know can be of no use to a person you neither love nor esteem , because it is her birthday , and because everybody gives her something , and because she expects something , and because your godmother says she likes that people should be generous , seems to me , my dear Rosamond , to be , since I must say it , rather more like folly than generosity ."
mamma said it should ."
" Oh , no , you must not touch it ; for if you should spoil it , what would become of me ?"
Calmed at this sight , the next question was , how she should conceal the mischief which she had done .
" Nay , I did not say you had ," whispered Rosamond ; " but only if you did by accident -- you know what I mean -- I should not be angry if you did -- only say so ."
To be sure I did , and very proper in me I should .
I should make a very bad , and , I am sure , a miserable toad eater .
' Tis fit they should be looked after well ; for they cost me a pretty penny -- more than their heads are worth , and yours into the bargain ; but I was resolved , as we were to come to this Montem , to come in style .
Keep out of my hearing , Wheeler , lest I should spoil sport .
Would you rather I should laugh at you behind your back ?
I should never have thought of such a thing .
" Please your Majesty ," you should say .
It strayed away from the rest ; and I should have lost him , so I should , for ever , if it had not been for a good young gentleman .
I should , at your age , ay , or at my age , just the self - same way have been frightened myself , if so be that mention had been made to me , that way , of my own mother ' s having broke her leg or so .
So I should ha ' fell into a passion with him then , to be sure , about my corn ; but his horse had got such a terrible sprain , I couldn ' t say anything to him ; for I was a - pitying the poor animal .
Should you know either the man or the horse again , if you were to see them ?
Ay , that I should , to my dying day .
Lord J . I told you , Mr . Wheeler , that I should leave them to themselves .
And a cursed fine dust we should kick up at Oxford , with your Montem money and all !-- Money ' s THE GO after all .
Mistaken was I , then , sure enough ; but we are all liable to mistakes , and should forget and forgive one another ; that ' s the way to go through .
If Lady Piercefield will trust you to my care , I am persuaded that I should be much happier as your governess , my good little Violetta , than as an humble dependent of Miss Bursal ' s .
When Maurice got to the seed - shop , it was full of people , who were all impatient to be served : first a great tall man , and next a great fat woman pushed before him ; and he stood quietly beside the counter , waiting till somebody should be at leisure to attend to him .
Whilst the boy was busied in this manner , the man got what seeds he wanted ; and as he was talking about them , a sailor came into the shop , and said , " Captain , the wind has changed within these five minutes , and it looks as if we should have ugly weather ."
I am sure I should have been exceedingly angry if you had broken the glass , if it had been mine ."
" Oh , if you would ," cried Arthur , clapping his hands , " how happy we should be !
I don ' t mean to ask for any good round sum ; for the plum - tree has done me no great harm by coming into my garden ; but only I don ' t choose it should come there without my leave ."
I ' m only sorry I did not ask you about this four months ago ; and so I should have done if you had not been a Scotchman .
He had been told that " gentlemen should be above being careful and saving ": and he had unfortunately imbibed a notion that extravagance was the sign of a generous disposition , and economy of an avaricious one .
His father had but a very small fortune , and was anxious that his son should early learn that economy ensures independence , and sometimes puts it in the power of those who are not very rich to be very generous .
" Oh , sir ," interrupted Hal , " but if you mean that Ben should put in for the prize , he must have a uniform ."
" Well , that ' s the last thing in the world I should have expected !
You are not at all the sort of person I should have thought would care about a uniform ; and now I should have supposed you ' d have thought it extravagant to have a coat on purpose only for one day ; and I ' m sure Lady Diana Sweepstakes thought as I do ; for when I told her of that motto over your kitchen chimney , ' WASTE NOT , WANT NOT ,' she laughed , and said that I had better not talk to you about uniforms , and that my mother was the proper person to write to about my uniform : but I ' ll tell Lady Diana , uncle , how good you are , and how much she was mistaken ."
" True , I am not hungry now ; but that is no reason why I should never be hungry again ."
However , with all my heart , let us take a coach , for Ben asked me to show him the cathedral yesterday ; and I believe I should find it rather too much for me to walk so far , though I am not sick with eating good things ."
and winter will come , though it is not come yet -- I am sure , I should like to have a good warm great - coat very much ."
To all this conclusive , conditional reasoning , which depended upon the word PERHAPS , three times repeated , Mr . Gresham made no reply ; but he immediately bought the uniform for Hal , and desired that it should be sent to Lady Diana Sweepstakes ' son ' s tailor , to be made up .
My ankle is entirely well , and I ' m glad of that , or else I should not be able to walk so far as the Downs .
" Now , is it not very extraordinary ," said Hal to himself , " that they should go on so long talking about an old pair of gloves , without saying scarcely a word about my new uniform ?
Some of the boys had forgotten to bring more than one arrow with them , and by his cunning regulation that each person should shoot with their own arrows , many had lost one or two of their shots .
Ay , if Dr . Sparerib could cure one of the gout , then , indeed , I should think something of him ; but , as to my leaving off my bottle of port , it ' s nonsense ; it ' s all nonsense ; I can ' t do it ; I can ' t , and won ' t , for all the Dr . Spareribs in Christendom ; that ' s poz !
I put it in with my own hands ; and if we have but good luck in the baking , it will be as pretty a goose - pie -- though I say it that should not say it -- as pretty a goose - pie as ever your worship set your eyes upon .
Oh , no , your worship !-- I thank your worship , though , as much as if I took it ; but I just took my luncheon before I came up ; or more proper , MY SANDWICH , I should say , for the fashion ' s sake , to be sure .
Ay , indeed -- eight , I might say , for I am an early little body ; though I say it that should not say it -- I AM an early little body .
Old M . For these two years past ( for why should I be ashamed to tell the truth ?)
Mrs . Landlady , this is downright -- I have said you should speak presently .
Ay , I thought when _I_ came to speak we should have you upon your marrow - bones in --
Old M . If I were , please your worship , I should say the same ; for it is the truth .
Sensible of the extreme importance of early impressions , and of the powerful influence of external circumstances in forming the characters and the manners , they were now anxious that the variety of new ideas and new objects which would strike the minds of their children should appear in a just point of view .
The next day Mrs . Theresa Tattle did herself the honour to wait upon Mrs . Montague , " to apologize for the liberty she taken in inviting Mrs . Montague ' s charming Miss Marianne into her apartment to see Pretty Poll , and for the still greater liberty she had taken in offering her a piece of plum - cake -- inconsiderate creature that she was !-- which might possibly have disagreed with her , and which certainly were liberties she never should have been induced to take , if she had not been unaccountably bewitched by Miss Marianne ' s striking though highly flattering resemblance to a young gentleman ( an officer ) with whom she had danced , now nearly twelve years ago , of the name of Montague , a most respectable young man , and of a most respectable family , with which , in a remote degree , she might presume to say , she herself was someway connected , having the honour to be nearly related to the Joneses of Merionethshire , who were cousins to the Mainwarings of Bedfordshire , who married into the family of the Griffiths , the eldest branch of which , she understood , had the honour to be cousin - german to Mr . Montague ; on which account she had been impatient to pay a visit , so likely to be productive of most agreeable consequences , by the acquisition of an acquaintance whose society must do her infinite honour ."
In the course of the first week she only hinted to Mr . Montague that " some people thought his system of education rather odd ; that she should be obliged to him if he would , some time or other , when he had nothing else to do , just sit down and make her understand his notions , that she might have something to say to her acquaintance , as she always wished to have when she heard any friend attacked , or any friend ' s opinions ."
Miss Marianne had heard so often from Mrs . Tattle that she was very charming , that she could not help believing it ; and from being a very pleasing , unaffected little girl , she in a short time grew so conceited , that she could neither speak , look , nor be silent without imagining that everybody was , or ought to be , looking at her ; and when Mrs . Theresa saw that Mrs . Montague looked very grave upon these occasions , she , to repair the ill she had done , would say , after praising Marianne ' s hair or her eyes , " Oh , but little ladies should never think about their beauty , you know .
They did not choose to exact any promise from them which they might be tempted to break , and therefore they only said at parting , " If Mrs . Theresa Tattle should ask you to come to her , do as you think proper ."
At the first reading of this note , " the entertaining " Mr . Frederick , and the " charming " Miss Marianne laughed heartily , and looked at Sophy , as if they were afraid that she should think it possible they could like such gross flattery ; but upon a second perusal , Marianne observed that it certainly was very good - natured of Mrs . Theresa to remember the macaroons ; and Frederick allowed that it was wrong to laugh at the poor woman because she had the headache .
" I would refuse if I could ; but we ought not to do anything rude , should we ?
no ," cried Frederick --" could , would , should , might , and ought , are all the same thing in the Latin grammar ; all of ' em signs of the potential mood , you know ."
said Sophy ; " and what has this to do with ' could ' and ' should '?
Women have no business to do either ; for , how should they know how to chop logic like men ?"
" Then ," said Sophy , smiling , " you should stand a little farther off , both of you .
" Mrs . Theresa Tattle might say so ," replied Sophy , calmly ; " but I do not perceive the reason , brother , why drawing should prevent me from learning how to make a pudding ."
" I have learned ," continued Sophy , who was mixing her colours , " to mix such and such colours together to make the colour that I want ; and why should I not be able to learn to mix flour and butter , and sugar and egg , together , to produce the taste that I want ."
" I need not plump up to the elbows , brother ," said Sophy , smiling : " nor is it necessary that I should be a cook : but , if it were necessary , I hope I should be able to make a pudding ."
People should look into these things , beforehand , or never marry at all , I say , Miss Marianne ."
" Very well , brother ," cried she , " your hand down to the very bottom of your pocket , and your other shoulder up to your ear ; but you are not quite wooden enough , and you should walk as if your hip were out of joint .
cried Mrs . Theresa , " I thought we should get to the bottom of the affair at last .
You don ' t think I mean you should promise , if you are certain your papa and mamma will be home ."
You know you promised that I should do as I pleased .
Young ladies should not be so forward to give opinions and advice to their elder brothers unasked ; and I presume that Mr . Frederick and I must know what ' s right as well as Miss Marianne .
And so he did ; and when Frederick spoke , the voice was so very like , that it was scarcely possible that he should have perceived the difference .
Make haste , for fear your father and mother should drop in upon us ."
It may seem surprising , that a GREAT DUNCE should be able to work upon a boy like an Archer , who was called a great genius ; but when genius is joined to a violent temper , instead of being united to good sense , it is at the mercy even of dunces .
In that WATCH - CHAIN , she should have said , for her quick eye had espied Archer ' s watch - chain .
Archer , impatient to show his ingenuity and his generosity , gave his plan and his orders in a few minutes , in a most decided manner ; " These things ," he observed , " should be done with some spirit ."
* " But if WE should not succeed ," said they , " Dr . Middleton is so steady ; he never goes back from what he has said ."
To this logic there was no answer ; but , still reluctant , they asked , " What they should GET by a Barring Out ?"
It was determined , then , that there should be a Barring Out .
He affected to be persuaded of the wisdom of the measure ; looked at his watch ; urged him to be exact to a moment ; conjured him to remember exactly the words of the oracle ; and , above all things , to demand the lucky hour and minute when the Barring Out should begin .
Fisher , astonished , put his hand upon his heart , told her all that she knew before , and received the answers that Archer had dictated : " That the Archers should be lucky as long as they stuck to their manager , and to one another ; that the Barring Out should end in woe , if not begun precisely as the clock should strike nine on Wednesday night ; but if begun in that LUCKY moment , and all obedient to their LUCKY leader , all should end well ."
Thus the meanest motives , in mean minds often prompt to the commission of those great faults , to which one should think nothing but some violent passion could have tempted .
A third conspirator was to strike a light , in case they should not be able to secure a candle .
I should like to show him our fortifications .
I expected that we should have sat up till twelve o ' clock , talking , and laughing , and singing ."
" Sing , and we ' ll join you , and I should be glad those fellows overhead heard us singing .
I might kick him for my football this half hour before I should get him awake .
And how did it happen that he should be so ambitious to please and govern this set , when , for each individual of which it was composed , he felt such supreme contempt ?
At the farthest end of the room they likewise formed a penthouse of the tables , under which they proposed to breakfast , secure from the pelting storm , if it should again assail them through the trap - door .
So he summoned a council , and proposed that everyone should subscribe , and trust the subscription to the gipsy , to purchase a fresh supply of provisions .
She promised to be punctual , and having filled the bag with Fisher ' s twelve buns , they were drawn up in triumph , and everybody anticipated the pleasure with which they should see the same bag drawn up at dinner - time .
What a pity that so much ingenuity should have been employed to no purpose !
and whether he expected that they should starve themselves for his sake ?"
De Grey promised , upon his honour , that if he would unbar the door nobody should come in with him , and no advantage should be taken of them .
And it would have been just as difficult , I promise you , to persuade or convince me either that I should give up against my honour before breakfast as after ."
Oh , the first thing that a man of spirit should think of is , what is HONOURABLE ."
" No ," replied Archer ; " but I should never have thought of heading a Barring Out , if he had not shown partiality ; and if you had flown into a passion with me openly at once for pulling down your scenery , which would have been quite natural , and not have gone slily and forbid us the house out of revenge , there would have been none of this work ."
" Why ," said De Grey , " should you suspect me of such a mean action , when you have never seen or known me do anything mean , and when in this instance you have no proofs ?"
" And Dr . Middleton -- why should you suspect him without reason any more than me ?"
He repeated , however , that he trusted he should bear it well , whatever it might be .
Dr . Middleton received the guinea which Archer offered him with a look of approbation , and told him that it should be applied to the repairs of the schoolroom .
" The reason ," resumed Dr . Middleton , having now returned to the usual benignity of his manner --" the reason why I desired that none of you should go to that building ," pointing out of the window , " was this :-- I had been informed that a gang of gipsies had slept there the night before I spoke to you , one of whom was dangerously ill of a putrid fever .
" I am sure , however ," replied Leonora , " I should not have laughed if I had --"
" Why should not I call you child ?"
They should all have been for you , Leonora ; but now I have not one left .
Mrs . Villars told me that this day should be mine .
" And I see that they all dislike me ; and yet I don ' t know why they should , for I take as much pains to please as any of them .
I know that I like you as a pupil , but I cannot know that I should like you as a companion , unless I were your companion .
Therefore I must judge of what I should do , by seeing what others do in the same circumstances ."
" Yes , Cecilia , I don ' t doubt but that you would be very good natured to me ; but I ' m afraid that I should not like you unless you were good - tempered , too ."
Perhaps it would not yesterday , perhaps it might not to - morrow ; but that is no reason that I should despair of ever deserving it .
In consequence of this reasoning , Cecilia formed a design of proposing to her companions that they should give a prize , the first of the ensuing month ( the lst of June ), to the most amiable .
So strongly did Cecilia feel this truth , that she even delayed making any apology , or coming to any explanation with Leonora , until success should once more give her the palm .
" How I should like to give this to Louisa !"
I ' m sure that I should not care if she was to give away my keepsake , the smelling - bottle , or the ring which I gave her .
" I should like to have that box ," said she , " for it is like one of which I was very fond ."
" And why should he keep it in his pocket , and not show it with his other things ?"
" Yes , I know it is ; and I meant that it should be so .
I should only have done what I was bound to do if I had only given you a mandarin ."
Dear Cecilia , I ' m very much obliged to you ; but I won ' t take it by way of payment for the mandarin you broke ; for I ' m sure you could not help that , and , besides , I should have broken it myself by this time .
She willingly believed that the observation extended equally to both sexes , and flattered herself that she should exceed her brother in merit if she owned a fault , which she thought that it would be so much more difficult to confess .
I should not feel the least more pleasure at hearing it in public , or in having it made known to all my companions , especially at a time when it would give poor Cecilia a great deal of pain ."
" But why should it give her pain ?"
" But , dear Leonora , why should you lose it ?"
If I should not win the prize , how shall I confess what I have done ?
" I should be ashamed to beg , or borrow either ," said Francisco .
" Bless you , my good boy ; I should take you for an Englishman , by your way of dealing .
It is fair you should have a share of our profits ."
" Thank you , father ; and if I prosper at all , it shall be by those means , and no other , or I should not be worthy to be called your son ."
Indeed it was scarcely reasonable to expect that a boy who had been educated to think that he might cheat every customer he could in the way of trade , should be afterwards scrupulously honest in his conduct towards the father whose proverbs encouraged his childhood in cunning .
He was sorry his knavery had been detected , but he still thought it clever to cheat , and was secretly persuaded that , if he had cheated successfully , he should have been happy .
If I could get them to trust me as they do you , I should be happy indeed ."
" The measure should be an inch cube , I know ," said Carlo ; " that ' s what all the little merchants have agreed to , you know ."
" An inch every way ; and yet by my eye -- and I have no bad one , being used to measuring carpenter ' s work for my father -- by my eye I should think this would have held more sugar - plums ."
" One should not praise one ' s self , they say ," continued Carlo , " but I long so much to gain your good opinion , that I must tell you the whole history of the rule you have restored .
You may guess I should have been sorry enough to have lost it .
You know I went out to the carpenter ' s yard , near the arsenal , where all the children are picking up chips and sticks so busily ; and I was as busy as any of them , because I wanted to fill my basket soon ; and then I thought I should sell my basketful directly in the little wood - market .
I only just ran to tell a boy , who had picked up all these beautiful shells upon the sea - shore , and who wanted to sell them , that I should be glad to buy them from him , if he would only be so good as to keep them for me , for an hour or so , till I had carried my wood to market , and till I had sold it , and so had money to pay him for the shells ."
" Should you know any one of your pieces of wood again if you were to see them ?"
" Yes , one of them , I am sure , I should know again ," said Rosetta .
On their part , her companions eagerly untied their faggots to show them to her , and exclaimed , " That they were incapable of taking what did not belong to them ; that of all persons they should never have thought of taking anything from the good natured little Rosetta , who was always ready to give to others , and to help them in making up their loads ."
The workmen , as they cleared the passages , marked their way with chalk when they came to any turning , lest they should lose themselves .
" But , signor , I never saw it ," said Francisco , respectfully , " or , perhaps , I should have preferred it ."
Paintings of great value , besides ornaments of gold and silver , antique bracelets , rings , etc ., are from time to time found amongst these ruins , and therefore it is necessary that no person should be admitted whose honesty cannot be depended upon .
The happy mother thanked her son , and the father assured him that neither melon nor pine - apple should be spared , to make a supper worthy of his friends .
" You need not be ashamed of being seen in my company now , I can tell you ; for I am , as I always told you I should be , the richest man of the two ."
He promised him that he should have half of whatever the Jew would give for the diamonds , and Piedro insisted upon being present at the transaction .
" The same ," said the Improvisatore ; " the same , though in a better dress , which I should not have thought would have made so much difference in your eyes , though it makes all the difference between man and man in the eyes of the stupid vulgar .
It was agreed that about midnight the robbers should be let into the house ; that Francisco should be tied hand and foot , whilst they carried off their booty .
He could not doubt but that it was the serious intention of his accomplices to murder Francisco , if he should make any resistance .
" It is not much -- only a slight wound ," said Francisco ; " one that I should have escaped , if I had been upon my guard ; but the sight of a face that I little expected to see in such company took from me all presence of mind ; and one of the ruffians stabbed me here in the arm , whilst I stood in stupid astonishment ."
" I like this very well ," said Arthur , as he examined the drawing , " but I should like this melon better if it was a little bruised .
" No matter what you meant ; why should you interfere with your wisdom and your meanings ; nobody thought of asking YOU to stir a step for us ; but we asked Loveit , because he ' s the best fellow in the world ."
" And for that very reason you should not ask him , because , you know he can ' t refuse you anything ."
and what Hardy said was only for fear I should get in disgrace ; he ' s the best friend I have ."
At this speech a general silence ensued ; everybody kept their eyes fixed upon Tarlton , except Loveit , who looked down , apprehensive that he should be drawn on much farther than he intended .
All the apples were emptied out of Loveit ' s pockets , and lodged with Tarlton till the morning , for fear the smell should betray the secret to Hardy .
" If I complain to their master ," said he to himself , " they will certainly be flogged , and that I should be sorry for : yet they must not be let to go on stealing ; that would be worse still , for it would surely bring them to the gallows in the end .
" How strange it is ," thought he , " that I should set such value upon the love of those I despise !
Tom was terrified lest the old man should come out to see what was the matter ; his strength forsook him , and flinging the handkerchief and meat over the hedge , he ran away with all his speed .
" I thought I should find you out at last .
" Not because you ask it ," said Mr . Trueman to the guilty penitents , " though I should be glad to oblige you -- it wouldn ' t be just ; but there ," pointing to Hardy , " there is one who has merited a reward ; the highest I can give him is that of pardoning his companions ."
One evening , as they were standing beside her , the little boy said to her , " Grandmother ," for that was the name by which she liked that these children should call her --" grandmother , how often you are forced to get up from your spinning - wheel , and to follow the chaises and coaches up that steep hill , to put stones underneath the wheels , to hinder them from rolling back !
" Yes ," said the old woman ; " I will try what you can do ; but I must go up the hill along with you for the first two or three times , for fear you should get yourselves hurt ."
I told you then that I could not afford to buy such things for you ; but now that you can earn halfpence for yourselves , children , it is fair should taste a ripe plum and bit of gingerbread for once and a way in your lives ."
" If she has so many , and if we like to have so many , to be sure she will ," said Paul , " but I think we should not like to have two hundred and fifty - two dozen of plums ; we could not eat such a number ."
" What should such a one as he is know about chaises ?"
" No ," said Paul , " we should like to give it back ourselves ."
I should think , if she had been an honest girl , she would have returned it ."
A little boy and girl have just been here inquiring for a gentleman who gave them a guinea instead of a halfpenny by mistake ; and not five minutes ago I saw the boy give the guinea to a gentleman ' s servant , who is there without , and who said his master desired it should be returned to him ."
" She is not our grandmother in reality , I believe , sir ," said Paul ; " but she is just as good to us , and taught me to read , and taught Anne to knit , and taught us both that we should be honest -- so she has ; and I wish she had a new blanket before next winter , to keep her from the cold and the rheumatism .
" Should you like to learn how to make such baskets as these ?"
" Then I should like to teach you how to make them ," said the basket - woman ; " for I ' m sure of one thing , that you ' d behave honestly to me ."
" But ," said Anne , " we must tell all this to grandmother , and ask her about it ; and I ' m afraid -- though I ' m very happy -- that it is getting very late , and that we should not stay here any longer ."
" Here they saw such huge troops of whales , that they were forced to proceed with a great deal of caution for fear they should run their ship upon them ."
" If you should write a fable for little fishes , you would make them speak like great wales ."
It is a matter of great astonishment that the consideration of the habits of so interesting , and , in a commercial point of view , so important an animal ( as the Sperm Whale ) should have been so entirely neglected , or should have excited so little curiosity among the numerous , and many of them competent observers , that of late years , must have possessed the most abundant and the most convenient opportunities of witnessing their habitudes ."
Should you ever be athirst in the great American desert , try this experiment , if your caravan happen to be supplied with a metaphysical professor .
Well , then , however the old sea - captains may order me about -- however they may thump and punch me about , I have the satisfaction of knowing that it is all right ; that everybody else is one way or other served in much the same way -- either in a physical or metaphysical point of view , that is ; and so the universal thump is passed round , and all hands should rub each other ' s shoulder - blades , and be content .
But wherefore it was that after having repeatedly smelt the sea as a merchant sailor , I should now take it into my head to go on a whaling voyage ; this the invisible police officer of the Fates , who has the constant surveillance of me , and secretly dogs me , and influences me in some unaccountable way -- he can better answer than any one else .
Now , that Lazarus should lie stranded there on the curbstone before the door of Dives , this is more wonderful than that an iceberg should be moored to one of the Moluccas .
I told him that I never liked to sleep two in a bed ; that if I should ever do so , it would depend upon who the harpooneer might be , and that if he ( the landlord ) really had no other place for me , and the harpooneer was not decidedly objectionable , why rather than wander further about a strange town on so bitter a night , I would put up with the half of any decent man ' s blanket .
At any rate , I made up my mind that if it so turned out that we should sleep together , he must undress and get into bed before I did .
This man interested me at once ; and since the sea - gods had ordained that he should soon become my shipmate ( though but a sleeping - partner one , so far as this narrative is concerned ), I will here venture upon a little description of him .
Nor was there any earthly reason why I as a sailor should sleep two in a bed , more than anybody else ; for sailors no more sleep two in a bed at sea , than bachelor Kings do ashore .
Suppose now , he should tumble in upon me at midnight -- how could I tell from what vile hole he had been coming ?
For though I tried to move his arm -- unlock his bridegroom clasp -- yet , sleeping as he was , he still hugged me tightly , as though naught but death should part us twain .
Now when a country dandy like this takes it into his head to make a distinguished reputation , and joins the great whale - fishery , you should see the comical things he does upon reaching the seaport .
How being an anointed pilot - prophet , or speaker of true things , and bidden by the Lord to sound those unwelcome truths in the ears of a wicked Nineveh , Jonah , appalled at the hostility he should raise , fled from his mission , and sought to escape his duty and his God by taking ship at Joppa .
Yet this is nothing : I leave eternity to Thee ; for what is man that he should live out the lifetime of his God ?"
But , perhaps , to be true philosophers , we mortals should not be conscious of so living or so striving .
He seemed to take to me quite as naturally and unbiddenly as I to him ; and when our smoke was over , he pressed his forehead against mine , clasped me round the waist , and said that henceforth we were married ; meaning , in his country ' s phrase , that we were bosom friends ; he would gladly die for me , if need should be .
For this reason a sleeping apartment should never be furnished with a fire , which is one of the luxurious discomforts of the rich .
So full of this reeling scene were we , as we stood by the plunging bowsprit , that for some time we did not notice the jeering glances of the passengers , a lubber - like assembly , who marvelled that two fellow beings should be so companionable ; as though a white man were anything more dignified than a whitewashed negro .
What wonder , then , that these Nantucketers , born on a beach , should take to the sea for a livelihood !
But to my surprise and no small concern , Queequeg now gave me to understand , that he had been diligently consulting Yojo -- the name of his black little god -- and Yojo had told him two or three times over , and strongly insisted upon it everyway , that instead of our going together among the whaling - fleet in harbor , and in concert selecting our craft ; instead of this , I say , Yojo earnestly enjoined that the selection of the ship should rest wholly with me , inasmuch as Yojo purposed befriending us ; and , in order to do so , had already pitched upon a vessel , which , if left to myself , I , Ishmael , should infallibly light upon , for all the world as though it had turned out by chance ; and in that vessel I must immediately ship myself , for the present irrespective of Queequeg .
But as all my remonstrances produced no effect upon Queequeg , I was obliged to acquiesce ; and accordingly prepared to set about this business with a determined rushing sort of energy and vigor , that should quickly settle that trifling little affair .
" I am , sir , if it should be positively indispensable to do so ; not to be got rid of , that is ; which I don ' t take to be the fact ."
I was also aware that being a green hand at whaling , my own lay would not be very large ; but considering that I was used to the sea , could steer a ship , splice a rope , and all that , I made no doubt that from all I had heard I should be offered at least the 275th lay -- that is , the 275th part of the clear net proceeds of the voyage , whatever that might eventually amount to .
" Yes , but I should like to see him ."
I say , we good Presbyterian Christians should be charitable in these things , and not fancy ourselves so vastly superior to other mortals , pagans and what not , because of their half - crazy conceits on these subjects .
" Have to burst it open ," said I , and was running down the entry a little , for a good start , when the landlady caught at me , again vowing I should not break down her premises ; but I tore from her , and with a sudden bodily rush dashed myself full against the mark .
He looked at me with a sort of condescending concern and compassion , as though he thought it a great pity that such a sensible young man should be so hopelessly lost to evangelical pagan piety .
At last we rose and dressed ; and Queequeg , taking a prodigiously hearty breakfast of chowders of all sorts , so that the landlady should not make much profit by reason of his Ramadan , we sallied out to board the Pequod , sauntering along , and picking our teeth with halibut bones .
But we had not gone perhaps above a hundred yards , when chancing to turn a corner , and looking back as I did so , who should be seen but Elijah following us , though at a distance .
Chief among those who did this fetching and carrying was Captain Bildad ' s sister , a lean old lady of a most determined and indefatigable spirit , but withal very kindhearted , who seemed resolved that , if SHE could help it , nothing should be found wanting in the Pequod , after once fairly getting to sea .
When on that shivering winter ' s night , the Pequod thrust her vindictive bows into the cold malicious waves , who should I see standing at her helm but Bulkington !
If a stranger were introduced into any miscellaneous metropolitan society , it would but slightly advance the general opinion of his merits , were he presented to the company as a harpooneer , say ; and if in emulation of the naval officers he should append the initials S . W . F .
But after embattling his facts , an advocate who should wholly suppress a not unreasonable surmise , which might tell eloquently upon his cause -- such an advocate , would he not be blameworthy ?
But it was not in reasonable nature that a man so organized , and with such terrible experiences and remembrances as he had ; it was not in nature that these things should fail in latently engendering an element in him , which , under suitable circumstances , would break out from its confinement , and burn all his courage up .
Men may seem detestable as joint stock - companies and nations ; knaves , fools , and murderers there may be ; men may have mean and meagre faces ; but man , in the ideal , is so noble and so sparkling , such a grand and glowing creature , that over any ignominious blemish in him all his fellows should run to throw their costliest robes .
So that no white sailor seriously contradicted him when he said that if ever Captain Ahab should be tranquilly laid out -- which might hardly come to pass , so he muttered -- then , whoever should do that last office for the dead , would find a birth - mark on him from crown to sole .
He ' s full of riddles ; I wonder what he goes into the after hold for , every night , as Dough - Boy tells me he suspects ; what ' s that for , I should like to know ?
' And what business is that of yours , I should like to know , Mr . Humpback ?
What am I that I should essay to hook the nose of this leviathan !
From what I have seen of him at a distance , I should say that he was about the bigness of a grampus .
To those who have not chanced specially to study the subject , it may possibly seem strange , that fishes not commonly exceeding four or five feet should be marshalled among WHALES -- a word , which , in the popular sense , always conveys an idea of hugeness .
Nevertheless , as upon the good conduct of the harpooneers the success of a whaling voyage largely depends , and since in the American Fishery he is not only an important officer in the boat , but under certain circumstances ( night watches on a whaling ground ) the command of the ship ' s deck is also his ; therefore the grand political maxim of the sea demands , that he should nominally live apart from the men before the mast , and be in some way distinguished as their professional superior ; though always , by them , familiarly regarded as their social equal .
Not a napkin should he carry on his arm , but a buckler .
And it is much to be deplored that the place to which you devote so considerable a portion of the whole term of your natural life , should be so sadly destitute of anything approaching to a cosy inhabitiveness , or adapted to breed a comfortable localness of feeling , such as pertains to a bed , a hammock , a hearse , a sentry box , a pulpit , a coach , or any other of those small and snug contrivances in which men temporarily isolate themselves .
He called it the SLEET ' S CROW ' S - NEST , in honour of himself ; he being the original inventor and patentee , and free from all ridiculous false delicacy , and holding that if we call our own children after our own names ( we fathers being the original inventors and patentees ), so likewise should we denominate after ourselves any other apparatus we may beget .
Though , upon the whole , I greatly admire and even love the brave , the honest , and learned Captain ; yet I take it very ill of him that he should so utterly ignore that case - bottle , seeing what a faithful friend and comforter it must have been , while with mittened fingers and hooded head he was studying the mathematics aloft there in that bird ' s nest within three or four perches of the pole .
The prophecy was that I should be dismembered ; and -- Aye !
Insufferable sting , that sanity should ground arms on such a field !
Forced into familiarity , then , with such prodigies as these ; and knowing that after repeated , intrepid assaults , the White Whale had escaped alive ; it cannot be much matter of surprise that some whalemen should go still further in their superstitions ; declaring Moby Dick not only ubiquitous , but immortal ( for immortality is but ubiquity in time ); that though groves of spears should be planted in his flanks , he would still swim away unharmed ; or if indeed he should ever be made to spout thick blood , such a sight would be but a ghastly deception ; for again in unensanguined billows hundreds of leagues away , his unsullied jet would once more be seen .
Why should this be so ?
But not yet have we solved the incantation of this whiteness , and learned why it appeals with such power to the soul ; and more strange and far more portentous -- why , as we have seen , it is at once the most meaning symbol of spiritual things , nay , the very veil of the Christian ' s Deity ; and yet should be as it is , the intensifying agent in things the most appalling to mankind .
Because , an interval of three hundred and sixty - five days and nights was before him ; an interval which , instead of impatiently enduring ashore , he would spend in a miscellaneous hunt ; if by chance the White Whale , spending his vacation in seas far remote from his periodical feeding - grounds , should turn up his wrinkled brow off the Persian Gulf , or in the Bengal Bay , or China Seas , or in any other waters haunted by his race .
But granting all this ; yet , regarded discreetly and coolly , seems it not but a mad idea , this ; that in the broad boundless ocean , one solitary whale , even if encountered , should be thought capable of individual recognition from his hunter , even as a white - bearded Mufti in the thronged thoroughfares of Constantinople ?
But I should not much wonder if , in the darkness of that early hour of the morning , the shock was after all caused by an unseen whale vertically bumping the hull from beneath .
Nor is there any reason it should be .
Not only that , but the subtle insanity of Ahab respecting Moby Dick was noways more significantly manifested than in his superlative sense and shrewdness in foreseeing that , for the present , the hunt should in some way be stripped of that strange imaginative impiousness which naturally invested it ; that the full terror of the voyage must be kept withdrawn into the obscure background ( for few men ' s courage is proof against protracted meditation unrelieved by action ); that when they stood their long night watches , his officers and men must have some nearer things to think of than Moby Dick .
For however eagerly and impetuously the savage crew had hailed the announcement of his quest ; yet all sailors of all sorts are more or less capricious and unreliable -- they live in the varying outer weather , and they inhale its fickleness -- and when retained for any object remote and blank in the pursuit , however promissory of life and passion in the end , it is above all things requisite that temporary interests and employments should intervene and hold them healthily suspended for the final dash .
Whereupon planting his feet firmly against two opposite planks of the boat , the gigantic negro , stooping a little , presented his flat palm to Flask ' s foot , and then putting Flask ' s hand on his hearse - plumed head and bidding him spring as he himself should toss , with one dexterous fling landed the little man high and dry on his shoulders .
I should like to see a boat ' s crew backing water up to a whale face foremost .
It may seem strange that of all men sailors should be tinkering at their last wills and testaments , but there are no people in the world more fond of that diversion .
Besides , all the days I should now live would be as good as the days that Lazarus lived after his resurrection ; a supplementary clean gain of so many months or weeks as the case might be .
If two strangers crossing the Pine Barrens in New York State , or the equally desolate Salisbury Plain in England ; if casually encountering each other in such inhospitable wilds , these twain , for the life of them , cannot well avoid a mutual salutation ; and stopping for a moment to interchange the news ; and , perhaps , sitting down for a while and resting in concert : then , how much more natural that upon the illimitable Pine Barrens and Salisbury Plains of the sea , two whaling vessels descrying each other at the ends of the earth -- off lone Fanning ' s Island , or the far away King ' s Mills ; how much more natural , I say , that under such circumstances these ships should not only interchange hails , but come into still closer , more friendly and sociable contact .
She has a " GAM ," a thing so utterly unknown to all other ships that they never heard of the name even ; and if by chance they should hear of it , they only grin at it , and repeat gamesome stuff about " spouters " and " blubber - boilers ," and such like pretty exclamations .
Because , in the case of pirates , say , I should like to know whether that profession of theirs has any peculiar glory about it .
Certainly , it needs a definition , and should be incorporated into the Lexicon .
" Though no small passage was before her , yet , if the commonest chance favoured , he did not at all fear that his ship would founder by the way , because his pumps were of the best , and being periodically relieved at them , those six - and - thirty men of his could easily keep the ship free ; never mind if the leak should double on her .
You must know that in a settled and civilized ocean like our Atlantic , for example , some skippers think little of pumping their whole way across it ; though of a still , sleepy night , should the officer of the deck happen to forget his duty in that respect , the probability would be that he and his shipmates would never again remember it , on account of all hands gently subsiding to the bottom .
Besides , it was the stronger men in the Town - Ho that had been divided into gangs , taking turns at the pumps ; and being the most athletic seaman of them all , Steelkilt had been regularly assigned captain of one of the gangs ; consequently he should have been freed from any trivial business not connected with truly nautical duties , such being the case with his comrades .
That was the last night he should spend in that den .
And what was more , they each insisted upon being the first man on deck , when the time to make the rush should come .
But in order to insure the speediest end to the voyage , they all agreed to another thing -- namely , not to sing out for whales , in case any should be discovered .
No wonder then , that in some sort our noble profession of whaling should have been there shadowed forth .
First : In order to facilitate the fastening to it of an additional line from a neighboring boat , in case the stricken whale should sound so deep as to threaten to carry off the entire line originally attached to the harpoon .
The sudden exclamations of the crew must have alarmed the whale ; and ere the boats were down , majestically turning , he swam away to the leeward , but with such a steady tranquillity , and making so few ripples as he swam , that thinking after all he might not as yet be alarmed , Ahab gave orders that not an oar should be used , and no man must speak but in whispers .
The headsman should stay in the bows from first to last ; he should both dart the harpoon and the lance , and no rowing whatever should be expected of him , except under circumstances obvious to any fisherman .
But these two harpoons , each by its own cord , are both connected with the line ; the object being this : to dart them both , if possible , one instantly after the other into the same whale ; so that if , in the coming drag , one should draw out , the other may still retain a hold .
For , of course , each boat is supplied with several harpoons to bend on to the line should the first one be ineffectually darted without recovery .
" Come back here , cook ;-- here , hand me those tongs ;-- now take that bit of steak there , and tell me if you think that steak cooked as it should be ?
That mortal man should feed upon the creature that feeds his lamp , and , like Stubb , eat him by his own light , as you may say ; this seems so outlandish a thing that one must needs go a little into the history and philosophy of it .
that a man should eat a newly murdered thing of the sea , and eat it too by its own light .
I should say that those New England rocks on the sea - coast , which Agassiz imagines to bear the marks of violent scraping contact with vast floating icebergs -- I should say , that those rocks must not a little resemble the Sperm Whale in this particular .
How wonderful is it then -- except after explanation -- that this great monster , to whom corporeal warmth is as indispensable as it is to man ; how wonderful that he should be found at home , immersed to his lips for life in those Arctic waters !
It should not have been omitted that previous to completely stripping the body of the leviathan , he was beheaded .
The consequence of all this was , that the archangel cared little or nothing for the captain and mates ; and since the epidemic had broken out , he carried a higher hand than ever ; declaring that the plague , as he called it , was at his sole command ; nor should it be stayed but according to his good pleasure .
Greedily sucking in this intelligence , Gabriel solemnly warned the captain against attacking the White Whale , in case the monster should be seen ; in his gibbering insanity , pronouncing the White Whale to be no less a being than the Shaker God incarnated ; the Shakers receiving the Bible .
Mayhew having concluded his narration , Ahab put such questions to him , that the stranger captain could not forbear inquiring whether he intended to hunt the White Whale , if opportunity should offer .
So that for better or for worse , we two , for the time , were wedded ; and should poor Queequeg sink to rise no more , then both usage and honour demanded , that instead of cutting the cord , it should drag me down in his wake .
And though all hands commonly disdained the capture of those inferior creatures ; and though the Pequod was not commissioned to cruise for them at all , and though she had passed numbers of them near the Crozetts without lowering a boat ; yet now that a Sperm Whale had been brought alongside and beheaded , to the surprise of all , the announcement was made that a Right Whale should be captured that day , if opportunity offered .
" Suppose he should take it into his head to duck you , though -- yes , and drown you -- what then ?"
" I should like to see him try it ; I ' d give him such a pair of black eyes that he wouldn ' t dare to show his face in the admiral ' s cabin again for a long while , let alone down in the orlop there , where he lives , and hereabouts on the upper decks where he sneaks so much .
As the external difference between them is mainly observable in their heads ; and as a head of each is this moment hanging from the Pequod ' s side ; and as we may freely go from one to the other , by merely stepping across the deck :-- where , I should like to know , will you obtain a better chance to study practical cetology than here ?
Is it not curious , that so vast a being as the whale should see the world through so small an eye , and hear the thunder through an ear which is smaller than a hare ' s ?
A great pity , now , that this unfortunate whale should be hare - lipped .
Upon my word were I at Mackinaw , I should take this to be the inside of an Indian wigwam .
This particular tongue now before us ; at a passing glance I should say it was a six - barreler ; that is , it will yield you about that amount of oil .
As in decapitating the whale , the operator ' s instrument is brought close to the spot where an entrance is subsequently forced into the spermaceti magazine ; he has , therefore , to be uncommonly heedful , lest a careless , untimely stroke should invade the sanctuary and wastingly let out its invaluable contents .
yelled the seamen to Daggoo , but with one hand holding on to the heavy tackles , so that if the head should drop , he would still remain suspended ; the negro having cleared the foul line , rammed down the bucket into the now collapsed well , meaning that the buried harpooneer should grasp it , and so be hoisted out .
Midwifery should be taught in the same course with fencing and boxing , riding and rowing .
From its relative situation then , I should call this high hump the organ of firmness or indomitableness in the Sperm Whale .
that unfulfilments should follow the prophets .
Thus , then , one of our own noble stamp , even a whaleman , is the tutelary guardian of England ; and by good rights , we harpooneers of Nantucket should be enrolled in the most noble order of St . George .
That for six thousand years -- and no one knows how many millions of ages before -- the great whales should have been spouting all over the sea , and sprinkling and mistifying the gardens of the deep , as with so many sprinkling or mistifying pots ; and that for some centuries back , thousands of hunters should have been close by the fountain of the whale , watching these sprinklings and spoutings -- that all this should be , and yet , that down to this blessed minute ( fifteen and a quarter minutes past one o ' clock P . M . of this sixteenth day of December , A . D . 1851 ), it should still remain a problem , whether these spoutings are , after all , really water , or nothing but vapour -- this is surely a noteworthy thing .
Now , why should the whale thus insist upon having his spoutings out , unless it be to replenish his reservoir of air , ere descending for good ?
It has been said that the whale only breathes through his spout - hole ; if it could truthfully be added that his spouts are mixed with water , then I opine we should be furnished with the reason why his sense of smell seems obliterated in him ; for the only thing about him that at all answers to his nose is that identical spout - hole ; and being so clogged with two elements , it could not be expected to have the power of smelling .
And if at such times you should think that you really perceived drops of moisture in the spout , how do you know that they are not merely condensed from its vapour ; or how do you know that they are not those identical drops superficially lodged in the spout - hole fissure , which is countersunk into the summit of the whale ' s head ?
Had this tail any prehensile power , I should straightway bethink me of Darmonodes ' elephant that so frequented the flower - market , and with low salutations presented nosegays to damsels , and then caressed their zones .
The chance comparison in this chapter , between the whale and the elephant , so far as some aspects of the tail of the one and the trunk of the other are concerned , should not tend to place those two opposite organs on an equality , much less the creatures to which they respectively belong .
Those narrow straits of Sunda divide Sumatra from Java ; and standing midway in that vast rampart of islands , buttressed by that bold green promontory , known to seamen as Java Head ; they not a little correspond to the central gateway opening into some vast walled empire : and considering the inexhaustible wealth of spices , and silks , and jewels , and gold , and ivory , with which the thousand islands of that oriental sea are enriched , it seems a significant provision of nature , that such treasures , by the very formation of the land , should at least bear the appearance , however ineffectual , of being guarded from the all - grasping western world .
As if too long lurking behind the headlands , till the Pequod should fairly have entered the straits , these rascally Asiatics were now in hot pursuit , to make up for their over - cautious delay .
The waif is a pennoned pole , two or three of which are carried by every boat ; and which , when additional game is at hand , are inserted upright into the floating body of a dead whale , both to mark its place on the sea , and also as token of prior possession , should the boats of any other ship draw near .
Should any unwarrantably pert young Leviathan coming that way , presume to draw confidentially close to one of the ladies , with what prodigious fury the Bashaw assails him , and chases him away !
It is therefore not in strict character , however admirably satirical , that after going to school himself , he should then go abroad inculcating not what he learned there , but the folly of it .
But why should the King have the head , and the Queen the tail ?
Air rather gardenny , I should say ; throw us a bunch of posies , will ye , Bouton - de - Rose ?"
According to this little plan of theirs , the Guernsey - man , under cover of an interpreter ' s office , was to tell the Captain what he pleased , but as coming from Stubb ; and as for Stubb , he was to utter any nonsense that should come uppermost in him during the interview .
Who would think , then , that such fine ladies and gentlemen should regale themselves with an essence found in the inglorious bowels of a sick whale !
Now that the incorruption of this most fragrant ambergris should be found in the heart of such decay ; is this nothing ?
I should like to conclude the chapter with the above appeal , but cannot , owing to my anxiety to repel a charge often made against whalemen , and which , in the estimation of some already biased minds , might be considered as indirectly substantiated by what has been said of the Frenchman ' s two whales .
For blacks , the year ' s calendar should show naught but three hundred and sixty - five Fourth of Julys and New Year ' s Days .
Moreover , as if perceiving at last that if he should give undiluted conscientious advice to Pip , he would be leaving him too wide a margin to jump in for the future ; Stubb suddenly dropped all advice , and concluded with a peremptory command , " Stick to the boat , Pip , or by the Lord , I won ' t pick you up if you jump ; mind that .
my dear fellow beings , why should we longer cherish any social acerbities , or know the slightest ill - humor or envy !
It tasted something as I should conceive a royal cutlet from the thigh of Louis le Gros might have tasted , supposing him to have been killed the first day after the venison season , and that particular venison season contemporary with an unusually fine vintage of the vineyards of Champagne .
Born in throes , ' t is fit that man should live in pains and die in pangs !
" There now ' s the old Mogul ," soliloquized Stubb by the try - works , " he ' s been twigging it ; and there goes Starbuck from the same , and both with faces which I should say might be somewhere within nine fathoms long .
What then should there be in this doubloon of the Equator that is so killing wonderful ?
Bunger , when you die , you ought to die in pickle , you dog ; you should be preserved to future ages , you rascal ."
What should I do without this other arm ?
Now , when with royal Tranquo I visited this wondrous whale , and saw the skull an altar , and the artificial smoke ascending from where the real jet had issued , I marvelled that the king should regard a chapel as an object of vertu .
But more I marvelled that the priests should swear that smoky jet of his was genuine .
But as I was crowded for space , and wished the other parts of my body to remain a blank page for a poem I was then composing -- at least , what untattooed parts might remain -- I did not trouble myself with the odd inches ; nor , indeed , should inches at all enter into a congenial admeasurement of the whale .
Think you not then that brains , like yoked cattle , should be put to this leviathan , to make him at all budge to any landsman ' s imagination ?
By good rights he should only be treated of in imperial folio .
Because I cannot understand how it is , that while the Egyptian mummies that were buried thousands of years before even Pliny was born , do not measure so much in their coffins as a modern Kentuckian in his socks ; and while the cattle and other animals sculptured on the oldest Egyptian and Nineveh tablets , by the relative proportions in which they are drawn , just as plainly prove that the high - bred , stall - fed , prize cattle of Smithfield , not only equal , but far exceed in magnitude the fattest of Pharaoh ' s fat kine ; in the face of all this , I will not admit that of all animals the whale alone should have degenerated .
That is hard which should be soft , and that is soft which should be hard .
Lucky now ( SNEEZES ) there ' s no knee - joint to make ; that might puzzle a little ; but a mere shinbone -- why it ' s easy as making hop - poles ; only I should like to put a good finish on .
I do deem it now a most meaning thing , that that old Greek , Prometheus , who made men , they say , should have been a blacksmith , and animated them with fire ; for what ' s made in fire must properly belong to fire ; and so hell ' s probable .
Now , what ' s he speaking about , and who ' s he speaking to , I should like to know ?
I should humbly call it a poser , sir .
Look ye , pudding - heads should never grant premises .-- How long before the leg is done ?
Then , a short , little old body like me , should never undertake to wade out into deep waters with tall , heron - built captains ; the water chucks you under the chin pretty quick , and there ' s a great cry for life - boats .
when the ship was about half disembowelled , you should have stooped over the hatchway , and peered down upon him there ; where , stripped to his woollen drawers , the tattooed savage was crawling about amid that dampness and slime , like a green spotted lizard at the bottom of a well .
Overhearing the indignant but half - humorous cries with which the people on deck began to drive the coffin away , Queequeg , to every one ' s consternation , commanded that the thing should be instantly brought to him , nor was there any denying him ; seeing that , of all mortals , some dying men are the most tyrannical ; and certainly , since they will shortly trouble us so little for evermore , the poor fellows ought to be indulged .
And meet it is , that over these sea - pastures , wide - rolling watery prairies and Potters ' Fields of all four continents , the waves should rise and fall , and ebb and flow unceasingly ; for here , millions of mixed shades and shadows , drowned dreams , somnambulisms , reveries ; all that we call lives and souls , lie dreaming , dreaming , still ; tossing like slumberers in their beds ; the ever - rolling waves but made so by their restlessness .
But Death plucked down some virtuous elder brother , on whose whistling daily toil solely hung the responsibilities of some other family , and left the worse than useless old man standing , till the hideous rot of life should make him easier to harvest .
Thou should ' st go mad , blacksmith ; say , why dost thou not go mad ?
He too worships fire ; most faithful , broad , baronial vassal of the sun !-- Oh that these too - favouring eyes should see these too - favouring sights .
So , swinging his seated form to the roll of the ship , and with his astrological - looking instrument placed to his eye , he remained in that posture for some moments to catch the precise instant when the sun should gain its precise meridian .
Didn ' t you once say that whatever ship Ahab sails in , that ship should pay something extra on its insurance policy , just as though it were loaded with powder barrels aft and boxes of lucifers forward ?
there goes my tarpaulin overboard ; Lord , Lord , that the winds that come from heaven should be so unmannerly !
the crew singing for joy , that so promising an event should so soon have falsified the evil portents preceding it .
Strange , that I , who have handled so many deadly lances , strange , that I should shake so now .
The magnetic energy , as developed in the mariner ' s needle , is , as all know , essentially one with the electricity beheld in heaven ; hence it is not to be much marvelled at , that such things should be .
that man should be a thing for immortal souls to sieve through !
" Oh , boy , nor will I thee , unless I should thereby drag thee to worse horrors than are here .
" Rather queer , that , I should say ," said Stubb .
Because in such a wilderness of running rigging , whose various different relations aloft cannot always be infallibly discerned by what is seen of them at the deck ; and when the deck - ends of these ropes are being every few minutes cast down from the fastenings , it would be but a natural fatality , if , unprovided with a constant watchman , the hoisted sailor should by some carelessness of the crew be cast adrift and fall all swooping to the sea .
So Ahab ' s proceedings in this matter were not unusual ; the only strange thing about them seemed to be , that Starbuck , almost the one only man who had ever ventured to oppose him with anything in the slightest degree approaching to decision -- one of those too , whose faithfulness on the look - out he had seemed to doubt somewhat ;-- it was strange , that this was the very man he should select for his watchman ; freely giving his whole life into such an otherwise distrusted person ' s hands .
is it not hard , that with this weary load I bear , one poor leg should have been snatched from under me ?
why should any one give chase to that hated fish !
She promised that my boy , every morning , should be carried to the hill to catch the first glimpse of his father ' s sail !
And though the other boats , unharmed , still hovered hard by ; still they dared not pull into the eddy to strike , lest that should be the signal for the instant destruction of the jeopardized castaways , Ahab and all ; nor in that case could they themselves hope to escape .
Groan nor laugh should be heard before a wreck ."
he travels faster than I thought for ;-- the top - gallant sails !-- aye , they should have been kept on her all night .
that the unconquerable captain in the soul should have such a craven mate !"
" We should meet him soon ."
he should still go before me , my pilot ; and yet to be seen again ?
What matter where , if I be still the same , And what I should be , all but less than he Whom thunder hath made greater ?
Space may produce new Worlds ; whereof so rife There went a fame in Heaven that he ere long Intended to create , and therein plant A generation whom his choice regard Should favour equal to the Sons of Heaven .
Should we again provoke Our stronger , some worse way his wrath may find To our destruction , if there be in Hell Fear to be worse destroyed !
More destroyed than thus , We should be quite abolished , and expire .
Yet he pleased the ear , And with persuasive accent thus began :-- " I should be much for open war , O Peers , As not behind in hate , if what was urged Main reason to persuade immediate war Did not dissuade me most , and seem to cast Ominous conjecture on the whole success ; When he who most excels in fact of arms , In what he counsels and in what excels Mistrustful , grounds his courage on despair And utter dissolution , as the scope Of all his aim , after some dire revenge .
Or , could we break our way By force , and at our heels all Hell should rise With blackest insurrection to confound Heaven ' s purest light , yet our great Enemy , All incorruptible , would on his throne Sit unpolluted , and th ' ethereal mould , Incapable of stain , would soon expel Her mischief , and purge off the baser fire , Victorious .
What if the breath that kindled those grim fires , Awaked , should blow them into sevenfold rage , And plunge us in the flames ; or from above Should intermitted vengeance arm again His red right hand to plague us ?
What if all Her stores were opened , and this firmament Of Hell should spout her cataracts of fire , Impendent horrors , threatening hideous fall One day upon our heads ; while we perhaps , Designing or exhorting glorious war , Caught in a fiery tempest , shall be hurled , Each on his rock transfixed , the sport and prey Or racking whirlwinds , or for ever sunk Under yon boiling ocean , wrapt in chains , There to converse with everlasting groans , Unrespited , unpitied , unreprieved , Ages of hopeless end ?
Suppose he should relent And publish grace to all , on promise made Of new subjection ; with what eyes could we Stand in his presence humble , and receive Strict laws imposed , to celebrate his throne With warbled hymns , and to his Godhead sing Forced hallelujahs , while he lordly sits Our envied sovereign , and his altar breathes Ambrosial odours and ambrosial flowers , Our servile offerings ?
But I should ill become this throne , O Peers , And this imperial sovereignty , adorned With splendour , armed with power , if aught proposed And judged of public moment in the shape Of difficulty or danger , could deter Me from attempting .
Nor failed they to express how much they praised That for the general safety he despised His own : for neither do the Spirits damned Lose all their virtue ; lest bad men should boast Their specious deeds on earth , which glory excites , Or close ambition varnished o ' er with zeal .
Others , more mild , Retreated in a silent valley , sing With notes angelical to many a harp Their own heroic deeds , and hapless fall By doom of battle , and complain that Fate Free Virtue should enthrall to Force or Chance .
Before mine eyes in opposition sits Grim Death , my son and foe , who set them on , And me , his parent , would full soon devour For want of other prey , but that he knows His end with mine involved , and knows that I Should prove a bitter morsel , and his bane , Whenever that shall be : so Fate pronounced .
From them I go This uncouth errand sole , and one for all Myself expose , with lonely steps to tread Th ' unfounded Deep , and through the void immense To search , with wandering quest , a place foretold Should be -- and , by concurring signs , ere now Created vast and round -- a place of bliss In the purlieus of Heaven ; and therein placed A race of upstart creatures , to supply Perhaps our vacant room , though more removed , Lest Heaven , surcharged with potent multitude , Might hap to move new broils .
He ceased ; for both seemed highly pleased , and Death Grinned horrible a ghastly smile , to hear His famine should be filled , and blessed his maw Destined to that good hour .
Thou art my father , thou my author , thou My being gav ' st me ; whom should I obey But thee ?
He ceased ; and Satan stayed not to reply , But , glad that now his sea should find a shore , With fresh alacrity and force renewed Springs upward , like a pyramid of fire , Into the wild expanse , and through the shock Of fighting elements , on all sides round Environed , wins his way ; harder beset And more endangered than when Argo passed Through Bosporus betwixt the justling rocks , Or when Ulysses on the larboard shunned Charybdis , and by th ' other whirlpool steered .
Yet not the more Cease I to wander , where the Muses haunt , Clear spring , or shady grove , or sunny hill , Smit with the love of sacred song ; but chief Thee , Sion , and the flowery brooks beneath , That wash thy hallow ' d feet , and warbling flow , Nightly I visit : nor sometimes forget So were I equall ' d with them in renown , Thy sovran command , that Man should find grace ; Blind Thamyris , and blind Maeonides , And Tiresias , and Phineus , prophets old : Then feed on thoughts , that voluntary move Harmonious numbers ; as the wakeful bird Sings darkling , and in shadiest covert hid Tunes her nocturnal note .
O Father , gracious was that word which clos ' d Thy sovran command , that Man should find grace ; , that Man should find grace ; For which both Heaven and earth shall high extol Thy praises , with the innumerable sound Of hymns and sacred songs , wherewith thy throne Encompass ' d shall resound thee ever blest .
For should Man finally be lost , should Man , Thy creature late so lov ' d , thy youngest son , Fall circumvented thus by fraud , though join ' d With his own folly ?
So should thy goodness and thy greatness both Be question ' d and blasphem ' d without defence .
For never can true reconcilement grow , Where wounds of deadly hate have pierced so deep : Which would but lead me to a worse relapse And heavier fall : so should I purchase dear Short intermission bought with double smart .
And should I at your harmless innocence Melt , as I do , yet publick reason just , Honour and empire with revenge enlarged , By conquering this new world , compels me now To do what else , though damned , I should abhor .
Why should their Lord Envy them that ?
Daughter of God and Man , accomplished Eve , These have their course to finish round the earth , By morrow evening , and from land to land In order , though to nations yet unborn , Ministring light prepared , they set and rise ; Lest total Darkness should by night regain Her old possession , and extinguish life In Nature and all things ; which these soft fires Not only enlighten , but with kindly heat Of various influence foment and warm , Temper or nourish , or in part shed down Their stellar virtue on all kinds that grow On earth , made hereby apter to receive Perfection from the sun ' s more potent ray .
Far be it , that I should write thee sin or blame , Or think thee unbefitting holiest place , Perpetual fountain of domestick sweets , Whose bed is undefiled and chaste pronounced , Present , or past , as saints and patriarchs used .
On they move Indissolubly firm ; nor obvious hill , Nor straitening vale , nor wood , nor stream , divides Their perfect ranks ; for high above the ground Their march was , and the passive air upbore Their nimble tread ; as when the total kind Of birds , in orderly array on wing , Came summoned over Eden to receive Their names of thee ; so over many a tract Of Heaven they marched , and many a province wide , Tenfold the length of this terrene : At last , Far in the horizon to the north appeared From skirt to skirt a fiery region , stretched In battailous aspect , and nearer view Bristled with upright beams innumerable Of rigid spears , and helmets thronged , and shields Various , with boastful argument portrayed , The banded Powers of Satan hasting on With furious expedition ; for they weened That self - same day , by fight or by surprise , To win the mount of God , and on his throne To set the Envier of his state , the proud Aspirer ; but their thoughts proved fond and vain In the mid way : Though strange to us it seemed At first , that Angel should with Angel war , And in fierce hosting meet , who wont to meet So oft in festivals of joy and love Unanimous , as sons of one great Sire , Hymning the Eternal Father : But the shout Of battle now began , and rushing sound Of onset ended soon each milder thought .
that such resemblance of the Highest Should yet remain , where faith and realty Remain not : Wherefore should not strength and might There fail where virtue fails , or weakest prove Where boldest , though to fight unconquerable ?
His puissance , trusting in the Almighty ' s aid , I mean to try , whose reason I have tried Unsound and false ; nor is it aught but just , That he , who in debate of truth hath won , Should win in arms , in both disputes alike Victor ; though brutish that contest and foul , When reason hath to deal with force , yet so Most reason is that reason overcome .
Hast thou turned the least of these To flight , or if to fall , but that they rise Unvanquished , easier to transact with me That thou shouldst hope , imperious , and with threats To chase me hence ?
Now waved their fiery swords , and in the air Made horrid circles ; two broad suns their shields Blazed opposite , while Expectation stood In horrour : From each hand with speed retired , Where erst was thickest fight , the angelick throng , And left large field , unsafe within the wind Of such commotion ; such as , to set forth Great things by small , if , nature ' s concord broke , Among the constellations war were sprung , Two planets , rushing from aspect malign Of fiercest opposition , in mid sky Should combat , and their jarring spheres confound .
The invention all admired , and each , how he To be the inventer missed ; so easy it seemed Once found , which yet unfound most would have thought Impossible : Yet , haply , of thy race In future days , if malice should abound , Some one intent on mischief , or inspired With devilish machination , might devise Like instrument to plague the sons of men For sin , on war and mutual slaughter bent .
What should they do ?
propounded terms Of composition , straight they changed their minds , Flew off , and into strange vagaries fell , As they would dance ; yet for a dance they seemed Somewhat extravagant and wild ; perhaps For joy of offered peace : But I suppose , If our proposals once again were heard , We should compel them to a quick result .
To ask or search , I blame thee not ; for Heaven Is as the book of God before thee set , Wherein to read his wonderous works , and learn His seasons , hours , or days , or months , or years : This to attain , whether Heaven move or Earth , Imports not , if thou reckon right ; the rest From Man or Angel the great Architect Did wisely to conceal , and not divulge His secrets to be scanned by them who ought Rather admire ; or , if they list to try Conjecture , he his fabrick of the Heavens Hath left to their disputes , perhaps to move His laughter at their quaint opinions wide Hereafter ; when they come to model Heaven And calculate the stars , how they will wield The mighty frame ; how build , unbuild , contrive To save appearances ; how gird the sphere With centrick and eccentrick scribbled o ' er , Cycle and epicycle , orb in orb : Already by thy reasoning this I guess , Who art to lead thy offspring , and supposest That bodies bright and greater should not serve The less not bright , nor Heaven such journeys run , Earth sitting still , when she alone receives The benefit : Consider first , that great Or bright infers not excellence : the Earth Though , in comparison of Heaven , so small , Nor glistering , may of solid good contain More plenty than the sun that barren shines ; Whose virtue on itself works no effect , But in the fruitful Earth ; there first received , His beams , unactive else , their vigour find .
No need that thou Shouldst propagate , already Infinite ; And through all numbers absolute , though One : But Man by number is to manifest His single imperfection , and beget Like of his like , his image multiplied , In unity defective ; which requires Collateral love , and dearest amity .
Thus far to try thee , Adam , I was pleased ; And find thee knowing , not of beasts alone , Which thou hast rightly named , but of thyself ; Expressing well the spirit within thee free , My image , not imparted to the brute ; Whose fellowship therefore unmeet for thee Good reason was thou freely shouldst dislike ; And be so minded still : I , ere thou spakest , Knew it not good for Man to be alone ; And no such company as then thou sawest Intended thee ; for trial only brought , To see how thou couldest judge of fit and meet : What next I bring shall please thee , be assured , Thy likeness , thy fit help , thy other self , Thy wish exactly to thy heart ' s desire .
But , that thou shouldst my firmness therefore doubt To God or thee , because we have a foe May tempt it , I expected not to hear .
Why shouldst not thou like sense within thee feel When I am present , and thy trial choose With me , best witness of thy virtue tried ?
Not then mistrust , but tender love , enjoins , That I should mind thee oft ; and mind thou me .
who should be seen A Goddess among Gods , adored and served By Angels numberless , thy daily train .
Easy to me it is to tell thee all What thou commandest ; and right thou shouldst be obeyed : I was at first as other beasts that graze The trodden herb , of abject thoughts and low , As was my food ; nor aught but food discerned Or sex , and apprehended nothing high : Till , on a day roving the field , I chanced A goodly tree far distant to behold Loaden with fruit of fairest colours mixed , Ruddy and gold : I nearer drew to gaze ; When from the boughs a savoury odour blown , Grateful to appetite , more pleased my sense Than smell of sweetest fennel , or the teats Of ewe or goat dropping with milk at even , Unsucked of lamb or kid , that tend their play .
do not believe Those rigid threats of death : ye shall not die : How should you ?
and wherein lies The offence , that Man should thus attain to know ?
Should God create another Eve , and I Another rib afford , yet loss of thee Would never from my heart : no , no ! I feel The link of Nature draw me : flesh of flesh , Bone of my bone thou art , and from thy state Mine never shall be parted , bliss or woe .
Hadst thou been there , Or here the attempt , thou couldst not have discerned Fraud in the Serpent , speaking as he spake ; No ground of enmity between us known , Why he should mean me ill , or seek to harm .
I told ye then he should prevail , and speed On his bad errand ; Man should be seduced , And flattered out of all , believing lies Against his Maker ; no decree of mine Concurring to necessitate his fall , Or touch with lightest moment of impulse His free will , to her own inclining left In even scale .
Hast thou eaten of the tree , Whereof I gave thee charge thou shouldst not eat ?
in evil strait this day I stand Before my Judge ; either to undergo Myself the total crime , or to accuse My other self , the partner of my life ; Whose failing , while her faith to me remains , I should conceal , and not expose to blame By my complaint : but strict necessity Subdues me , and calamitous constraint ; Lest on my head both sin and punishment , However insupportable , be all Devolved ; though should I hold my peace , yet thou Wouldst easily detect what I conceal .-- This Woman , whom thou madest to be my help , And gavest me as thy perfect gift , so good , So fit , so acceptable , so divine , That from her hand I could suspect no ill , And what she did , whatever in itself , Her doing seemed to justify the deed ; She gave me of the tree , and I did eat .
hath given up Both his beloved Man , and all his world , To Sin and Death a prey , and so to us , Without our hazard , labour , or alarm ; To range in , and to dwell , and over Man To rule , as over all he should have ruled .
To the blanc moon Her office they prescribed ; to the other five Their planetary motions , and aspects , In sextile , square , and trine , and opposite , Of noxious efficacy , and when to join In synod unbenign ; and taught the fixed Their influence malignant when to shower , Which of them rising with the sun , or falling , Should prove tempestuous : To the winds they set Their corners , when with bluster to confound Sea , air , and shore ; the thunder when to roll With terrour through the dark aereal hall .
There I should rest , And sleep secure ; his dreadful voice no more Would thunder in my ears ; no fear of worse To me , and to my offspring , would torment me With cruel expectation .
Ah , why should all mankind , For one man ' s fault , thus guiltless be condemned , It guiltless ?
Idleness had been worse ; My labour will sustain me ; and , lest cold Or heat should injure us , his timely care Hath , unbesought , provided ; and his hands Clothed us unworthy , pitying while he judged ; How much more , if we pray him , will his ear Be open , and his heart to pity incline , And teach us further by what means to shun The inclement seasons , rain , ice , hail , and snow !
Eve , easily my faith admit , that all The good which we enjoy from Heaven descends ; But , that from us aught should ascend to Heaven So prevalent as to concern the mind Of God high - blest , or to incline his will , Hard to belief may seem ; yet this will prayer Or one short sigh of human breath , upborne Even to the seat of God .
Ill - worthy I such title should belong To me transgressour ; who , for thee ordained A help , became thy snare ; to me reproach Rather belongs , distrust , and all dispraise : But infinite in pardon was my Judge , That I , who first brought death on all , am graced The source of life ; next favourable thou , Who highly thus to entitle me vouchsaf ' st , Far other name deserving .
yet not terrible , That I should fear ; nor sociably mild , As Raphael , that I should much confide ; But solemn and sublime ; whom not to offend , With reverence I must meet , and thou retire .
Why should not Man , Retaining still divine similitude In part , from such deformities be free , And , for his Maker ' s image sake , exempt ?
O pity and shame , that they , who to live well Entered so fair , should turn aside to tread Paths indirect , or in the mid way faint !
From Man ' s effeminate slackness it begins , Said the Angel , who should better hold his place By wisdom , and superiour gifts received .
should be so stupid grown , While yet the patriarch lived , who ' scaped the flood , As to forsake the living God , and fall To worship their own work in wood and stone For Gods !
Returned from Babylon by leave of kings Their lords , whom God disposed , the house of God They first re - edify ; and for a while In mean estate live moderate ; till , grown In wealth and multitude , factious they grow ; But first among the priests dissention springs , Men who attend the altar , and should most Endeavour peace : their strife pollution brings Upon the temple itself : at last they seise The scepter , and regard not David ' s sons ; Then lose it to a stranger , that the true Anointed King Messiah might be born Barred of his right ; yet at his birth a star , Unseen before in Heaven , proclaims him come ; And guides the eastern sages , who inquire His place , to offer incense , myrrh , and gold : His place of birth a solemn Angel tells To simple shepherds , keeping watch by night ; They gladly thither haste , and by a quire Of squadroned Angels hear his carol sung .
now clear I understand What oft my steadiest thoughts have searched in vain ; Why our great Expectation should be called The seed of Woman : Virgin Mother , hail , High in the love of Heaven ; yet from my loins Thou shalt proceed , and from thy womb the Son Of God Most High : so God with Man unites !
For this he shall live hated , be blasphemed , Seised on by force , judged , and to death condemned A shameful and accursed , nailed to the cross By his own nation ; slain for bringing life : But to the cross he nails thy enemies , The law that is against thee , and the sins Of all mankind , with him there crucified , Never to hurt them more who rightly trust In this his satisfaction ; so he dies , But soon revives ; Death over him no power Shall long usurp ; ere the third dawning light Return , the stars of morn shall see him rise Out of his grave , fresh as the dawning light , Thy ransom paid , which Man from death redeems , His death for Man , as many as offered life Neglect not , and the benefit embrace By faith not void of works : This God - like act Annuls thy doom , the death thou shouldest have died , In sin for ever lost from life ; this act Shall bruise the head of Satan , crush his strength , Defeating Sin and Death , his two main arms ; And fix far deeper in his head their stings Than temporal death shall bruise the victor ' s heel , Or theirs whom he redeems ; a death , like sleep , A gentle wafting to immortal life .
Full of doubt I stand , Whether I should repent me now of sin By me done , and occasioned ; or rejoice Much more , that much more good thereof shall spring ; To God more glory , more good - will to Men From God , and over wrath grace shall abound .
He had a Feauer when he was in Spaine , And when the Fit was on him , I did marke How he did shake : Tis true , this God did shake , His Coward lippes did from their colour flye , And that same Eye , whose bend doth awe the World , Did loose his Lustre : I did heare him grone : I , and that Tongue of his , that bad the Romans Marke him , and write his Speeches in their Bookes , Alas , it cried , Giue me some drinke Titinius , As a sicke Girle : Ye Gods , it doth amaze me , A man of such a feeble temper should So get the start of the Maiesticke world , And beare the Palme alone .
Brutus and Caesar : What should be in that Caesar ?
Why should that name be sounded more then yours Write them together : Yours , is as faire a Name : Sound them , it doth become the mouth aswell : Weigh them , it is as heauy : Coniure with ' em , Brutus will start a Spirit as soone as Caesar .
Caes Would he were fatter ; But I feare him not : Yet if my name were lyable to feare , I do not know the man I should auoyd So soone as that spare Cassius .
I should not then aske Caska what had chanc ' d
If I were Brutus now , and he were Cassius , He should not humor me .
You are dull , Caska : And those sparkes of Life , that should be in a Roman , You doe want , or else you vse not .
And why should Cæsar be a Tyrant then ?
Decius well vrg ' d : I thinke it is not meet , Marke Antony , so well belou ' d of Caesar , Should out - liue Caesar , we shall finde of him A shrew ' d Contriuer .
Alas , good Cassius , do not thinke of him : If he loue Caesar , all that he can do Is to himselfe ; take thought , and dye for Caesar , And that were much he should : for he is giuen To sports , to wildenesse , and much company
It will not let you eate , nor talke , nor sleepe ; And could it worke so much vpon your shape , As it hath much preuayl ' d on your Condition , I should not know you Brutus .
I should not neede , if you were gentle Brutus .
Within the Bond of Marriage , tell me Brutus , Is it excepted , I should know no Secrets That appertaine to you ?
If this were true , then should I know this secret .
When Beggers dye , there are no Comets seen , The Heauens themselues blaze forth the death of Princes Caes Cowards dye many times before their deaths , The valiant neuer taste of death but once : Of all the Wonders that I yet haue heard , It seemes to me most strange that men should feare , Seeing that death , a necessary end Will come , when it will come .
Caes The Gods do this in shame of Cowardice : Caesar should be a Beast without a heart If he should stay at home to day for feare : No Caesar shall not ; Danger knowes full well That Caesar is more dangerous then he .
I would haue had thee there and heere agen Ere I can tell thee what thou should ' st do there : O Constancie , be strong vpon my side , Set a huge Mountaine ' tweene my Heart and Tongue : I haue a mans minde , but a womans might : How hard it is for women to keepe counsell .
Madam , what should I do ?
So , in the World ; ' Tis furnish ' d well with Men , And Men are Flesh and Blood , and apprehensiue ; Yet in the number , I do know but One That vnassayleable holds on his Ranke , Vnshak ' d of Motion : and that I am he , Let me a little shew it , euen in this : That I was constant Cymber should be banish ' d , And constant do remaine to keepe him so
Stand fast together , least some Friend of Caesars Should chance - Bru .
And leaue vs Publius , least that the people Rushing on vs , should do your Age some mischiefe
Or else were this a sauage Spectacle : Our Reasons are so full of good regard , That were you Antony , the Sonne of Caesar , You should be satisfied
When that the poore haue cry ' de , Caesar hath wept : Ambition should be made of sterner stuffe , Yet Brutus sayes , he was Ambitious : And Brutus is an Honourable man .
If I were dispos ' d to stirre Your hearts and mindes to Mutiny and Rage , I should do Brutus wrong , and Cassius wrong : Who ( you all know ) are Honourable men .
It is not meete you know how Caesar lou ' d you : You are not Wood , you are not Stones , but men : And being men , hearing the Will of Caesar , It will inflame you , it will make you mad : ' Tis good you know not that you are his Heires , For if you should , O what would come of it ?
I onely speake right on : I tell you that , which you your selues do know , Shew you sweet Caesars wounds , poor poor dum mouths And bid them speake for me : But were I Brutus , And Brutus Antony , there were an Antony Would ruffle vp your Spirits , and put a Tongue In euery Wound of Caesar , that should moue The stones of Rome , to rise and Mutiny
This is a slight vnmeritable man , Meet to be sent on Errands : is it fit The three - fold World diuided , he should stand One of the three to share it ?
So you thought him , And tooke his voyce who should be prickt to dye In our blacke Sentence and Proscription
But when they should endure the bloody Spurre , They fall their Crests , and like deceitfull Iades Sinke in the Triall .
And if not so , how should I wrong a Brother
Before the eyes of both our Armies heere ( Which should perceiue nothing but Loue from vs ) Let vs not wrangle .
In such a time as this , it is not meet That euery nice offence should beare his Comment
You haue done that you should be sorry for .
Should I haue answer ' d Caius Cassius so ?
Brutus hath riu ' d my hart : A Friend should beare his Friends infirmities ; But Brutus makes mine greater then they are
Loue , and be Friends , as two such men should bee , For I haue seene more yeeres I ' me sure then yee
Ile know his humor , when he knowes his time : What should the Warres do with these Iigging Fooles ?
I should not vrge thy duty past thy might , I know yong bloods looke for a time of rest
Come hither sirrah : In Parthia did I take thee Prisoner , And then I swore thee , sauing of thy life , That whatsoeuer I did bid thee do , Thou should ' st attempt it .
The last of all the Romans , far thee well : It is impossible , that euer Rome Should breed thy fellow .
So Brutus should be found .
' Tis vnmanly greefe , It shewes a will most incorrect to Heauen , A Heart vnfortified , a Minde impatient , An Vnderstanding simple , and vnschool ' d : For , what we know must be , and is as common As any the most vulgar thing to sence , Why should we in our peeuish Opposition Take it to heart ?
That it should come to this : But two months dead : Nay , not so much ; not two , So excellent a King , that was to this Hiperion to a Satyre : so louing to my Mother , That he might not beteene the windes of heauen Visit her face too roughly .
If it assume my noble Fathers person , Ile speake to it , though Hell it selfe should gape And bid me hold my peace .
I do not know , my Lord , what I should thinke
what should we doe ?
Why , what should be the feare ?
I finde thee apt , And duller should ' st thou be then the fat weede That rots it selfe in ease , on Lethe Wharfe , Would ' st thou not stirre in this .
Wherefore should you doe this ?
What it should bee More then his Fathers death , that thus hath put him So much from th ' vnderstanding of himselfe , I cannot deeme of .
My Liege , and Madam , to expostulate What Maiestie should be , what Dutie is , Why day is day ; night , night ; and time is time , Were nothing but to waste Night , Day , and Time .
No , I went round to worke , And ( my yong Mistris ) thus I did bespeake Lord Hamlet is a Prince out of thy Starre , This must not be : and then , I Precepts gaue her , That she should locke her selfe from his Resort , Admit no Messengers , receiue no Tokens : Which done , she tooke the Fruites of my Aduice , And he repulsed .
All which Sir , though I most powerfully , and potently beleeue ; yet I holde it not Honestie to haue it thus set downe : For you your selfe Sir , should be old as I am , if like a Crab you could go backward
What should we say my Lord ?
Will they not say afterwards if they should grow themselues to common Players ( as it is most like if their meanes are not better ) their Writers do them wrong , to make them exclaim against their owne Succession
Let me comply with you in the Garbe , lest my extent to the Players ( which I tell you must shew fairely outward ) should more appeare like entertainment then yours .
Vse euerie man after his desart , and who should scape whipping : vse them after your own Honor and Dignity .
What ' s Hecuba to him , or he to Hecuba , That he should weepe for her ?
Why I should take it : for it cannot be , But I am Pigeon - Liuer ' d , and lacke Gall To make Oppression bitter , or ere this , I should haue fatted all the Region Kites With this Slaues Offall , bloudy : a Bawdy villaine , Remorselesse , Treacherous , Letcherous , kindles villaine !
That if you be honest and faire , your Honesty should admit no discourse to your Beautie
You should not haue beleeued me .
What should such Fellowes as I do , crawling betweene Heauen and Earth .
Oh God , your onely Iigge - maker : what should a man do , but be merrie .
This world is not for aye , nor ' tis not strange That euen our Loues should with our Fortunes change .
If she should breake it now
Your wisedome should shew it selfe more richer , to signifie this to his Doctor : for for me to put him to his Purgation , would perhaps plundge him into farre more Choller
Ile warrant shee ' l tax him home , And as you said , and wisely was it said , ' Tis meete that some more audience then a Mother , Since Nature makes them partiall , should o ' re - heare The speech of vantage .
It will be laide to vs , whose prouidence Should haue kept short , restrain ' d , and out of haunt , This mad yong man .
Besides , to be demanded of a Spundge , what replication should be made by the Sonne of a King
How should I your true loue know from another one ?
We must bee patient , but I cannot choose but weepe , to thinke they should lay him i ' th ' cold ground : My brother shall knowe of it , and so I thanke you for your good counsell .
Oh Rose of May , Deere Maid , kinde Sister , sweet Ophelia : Oh Heauens , is ' t possible , a yong Maids wits , Should be as mortall as an old mans life ?
Let them come in , I do not know from what part of the world I should be greeted , if not from Lord Hamlet .
What should this meane ?
If it be so Laertes , as how should it be so : How otherwise will you be rul ' d by me ?
No place indeed should murder Sancturize ; Reuenge should haue no bounds : but good Laertes Will you doe this , keepe close within your Chamber , Hamlet return ' d , shall know you are come home : Wee ' l put on those shall praise your excellence , And set a double varnish on the fame The Frenchman gaue you , bring you in fine together , And wager on your heads , he being remisse , Most generous , and free from all contriuing , Will not peruse the Foiles ?
Let ' s further thinke of this , Weigh what conuenience both of time and meanes May fit vs to our shape , if this should faile ; And that our drift looke through our bad performance , ' Twere better not assaid ; therefore this Proiect Should haue a backe or second , that might hold , If this should blast in proofe : Soft , let me see Wee ' l make a solemne wager on your commings , I ha ' t : when in your motion you are hot and dry , As make your bowts more violent to the end , And that he cals for drinke ; Ile haue prepar ' d him A Challice for the nonce ; whereon but sipping , If he by chance escape your venom ' d stuck , Our purpose may hold there ; how sweet Queene .
Will you ha the truth on ' t : if this had not beene a Gentlewoman , shee should haue beene buried out of Christian Buriall
And the more pitty that great folke should haue countenance in this world to drowne or hang themselues , more then their euen Christian .
Oh , that that earth , which kept the world in awe , Should patch a Wall , t ' expell the winters flaw .
As we haue warrantie , her death was doubtfull , And but that great Command , o ' re - swaies the order , She should in ground vnsanctified haue lodg ' d , Till the last Trumpet .
For charitable praier , Shardes , Flints , and Peebles , should be throwne on her : Yet heere she is allowed her Virgin Rites , Her Maiden strewments , and the bringing home Of Bell and Buriall
No more be done : We should prophane the seruice of the dead , To sing sage Requiem , and such rest to her As to peace - parted Soules
I hop ' d thou should ' st haue bin my Hamlets wife : I thought thy Bride - bed to haue deckt ( sweet Maid ) And not t ' haue strew ' d thy Graue
Sir , in my heart there was a kinde of fighting , That would not let me sleepe ; me thought I lay Worse then the mutines in the Bilboes , rashly , ( And praise be rashnesse for it ) let vs know , Our indiscretion sometimes serues vs well , When our deare plots do paule , and that should teach vs , There ' s a Diuinity that shapes our ends , Rough - hew them how we will
Vp from my Cabin My sea - gowne scarft about me in the darke , Grop ' d I to finde out them ; had my desire , Finger ' d their Packet , and in fine , withdrew To mine owne roome againe , making so bold , ( My feares forgetting manners ) to vnseale Their grand Commission , where I found Horatio , Oh royall knauery : An exact command , Larded with many seuerall sorts of reason ; Importing Denmarks health , and Englands too , With hoo , such Bugges and Goblins in my life , That on the superuize no leasure bated , No not to stay the grinding of the Axe , My head should be struck off
An earnest Coniuration from the King , As England was his faithfull Tributary , As loue betweene them , as the Palme should flourish , As Peace should still her wheaten Garland weare , And stand a Comma ' tweene their amities , And many such like Assis of great charge , That on the view and know of these Contents , Without debatement further , more or lesse , He should the bearers put to sodaine death , Not shriuing time allowed
Sweet Lord , if your friendship were at leysure , I should impart a thing to you from his Maiesty
I am satisfied in Nature , Whose motiue in this case should stirre me most To my Reuenge .
The sight is dismall , And our affaires from England come too late , The eares are senselesse that should giue vs hearing , To tell him his command ' ment is fulfill ' d , That Rosincrance and Guildensterne are dead : Where should we haue our thankes ?
So should he looke , that seemes to speake things strange
you seeme to vnderstand me , By each at once her choppie finger laying Vpon her skinnie Lips : you should be Women , And yet your Beards forbid me to interprete That you are so
The King hath happily receiu ' d , Macbeth , The newes of thy successe : and when he reades Thy personall Venture in the Rebels sight , His Wonders and his Prayses doe contend , Which should be thine , or his : silenc ' d with that , In viewing o ' re the rest o ' th ' selfe - same day , He findes thee in the stout Norweyan Rankes , Nothing afeard of what thy selfe didst make Strange Images of death , as thick as Tale Can post with post , and euery one did beare Thy prayses in his Kingdomes great defence , And powr ' d them downe before him
Your Highnesse part , is to receiue our Duties : And our Duties are to your Throne , and State , Children , and Seruants ; which doe but what they should , By doing euery thing safe toward your Loue And Honor
Thou would ' st be great , Art not without Ambition , but without The illnesse should attend it .
Thould ' st haue , great Glamys , that which cryes , Thus thou must doe , if thou haue it ; And that which rather thou do ' st feare to doe , Then wishest should be vndone .
Hee ' s heere in double trust ; First , as I am his Kinsman , and his Subiect , Strong both against the Deed : Then , as his Host , Who should against his Murtherer shut the doore , Not beare the knife my selfe .
If we should faile ?
Bring forth Men - Children onely : For thy vndaunted Mettle should compose Nothing but Males .
Being vnprepar ' d , Our will became the seruant to defect , Which else should free haue wrought
Here ' s a knocking indeede : if a man were Porter of Hell Gate , hee should haue old turning the Key .
What should be spoken here , Where our Fate hid in an augure hole , May rush , and seize vs ?
Ha , good Father , Thou seest the Heauens , as troubled with mans Act , Threatens his bloody Stage : byth ' Clock ' tis Day , And yet darke Night strangles the trauailing Lampe : Is ' t Nights predominance , or the Dayes shame , That Darknesse does the face of Earth intombe , When liuing Light should kisse it ?
Thou hast it now , King , Cawdor , Glamis , all , As the weyard Women promis ' d , and I feare Thou playd ' st most fowly for ' t : yet it was saide It should not stand in thy Posterity , But that my selfe should be the Roote , and Father Of many Kings .
We should haue else desir ' d your good aduice ( Which still hath been both graue , and prosperous ) In this dayes Councell : but wee ' le take to morrow .
Of sorryest Fancies your Companions making , Vsing those Thoughts , which should indeed haue dy ' d With them they thinke on : things without all remedie Should be without regard : what ' s done , is done
I am in blood Stept in so farre , that should I wade no more , Returning were as tedious as go ore : Strange things I haue in head , that will to hand , Which must be acted , ere they may be scand
So that I say , He ha ' s borne all things well , and I do thinke , That had he Duncans Sonnes vnder his Key , ( As , and ' t please Heauen he shall not ) they should finde What ' twere to kill a Father : So should Fleans .
He did : and with an absolute Sir , not I The clowdy Messenger turnes me his backe , And hums ; as who should say , you ' l rue the time That clogges me with this Answer
I am so much a Foole , should I stay longer It would be my disgrace , and your discomfort .
Why should I Mother ?
If he were dead , youl ' d weepe for him : if you would not , it were a good signe , that I should quickely haue a new Father
Whether should I flye ?
What should he be ?
With this , there growes In my most ill - composd Affection , such A stanchlesse Auarice , that were I King , I should cut off the Nobles for their Lands , Desire his Iewels , and this others House , And my more - hauing , would be as a Sawce To make me hunger more , that I should forge Quarrels vniust against the Good and Loyall , Destroying them for wealth
Nay , had I powre , I should Poure the sweet Milke of Concord , into Hell , Vprore the vniuersall peace , confound All vnity on earth
But I haue words That would be howl ' d out in the desert ayre , Where hearing should not latch them
You may to me , and ' tis most meet you should
Go too , go too : You haue knowne what you should not
She ha ' s spoke what shee should not , I am sure of that : Heauen knowes what she ha ' s knowne
I haue liu ' d long enough : my way of life Is falne into the Seare , the yellow Leafe , And that which should accompany Old - Age , As Honor , Loue , Obedience , Troopes of Friends , I must not looke to haue : but in their steed , Curses , not lowd but deepe , Mouth - honor , breath Which the poore heart would faine deny , and dare not .
If thou could ' st Doctor , cast The Water of my Land , finde her Disease , And purge it to a sound and pristine Health , I would applaud thee to the very Eccho , That should applaud againe .
Were I from Dunsinane away , and cleere , Profit againe should hardly draw me heere .
Hang out our Banners on the outward walls , The Cry is still , they come : our Castles strength Will laugh a Siedge to scorne : Heere let them lye , Till Famine and the Ague eate them vp : Were they not forc ' d with those that should be ours , We might haue met them darefull , beard to beard , And beate them backward home .
She should haue dy ' de heereafter ; There would haue beene a time for such a word : To morrow , and to morrow , and to morrow , Creepes in this petty pace from day to day , To the last Syllable of Recorded time : And all our yesterdayes , haue lighted Fooles The way to dusty death .
Gracious my Lord , I should report that which I say I saw , But know not how to doo ' t
There thou should ' st be , By this great clatter , one of greatest note Seemes bruited .
Why should I play the Roman Foole , and dye On mine owne sword ?
Come , said my soul , Such verses for my Body let us write , ( for we are one ,) That should I after return , Or , long , long hence , in other spheres , There to some group of mates the chants resuming , ( Tallying Earth ' s soil , trees , winds , tumultuous waves ,) Ever with pleas ' d smile I may keep on , Ever and ever yet the verses owning -- as , first , I here and now Signing for Soul and Body , set to them my name ,
We have watch ' d the seasons dispensing themselves and passing on , And have said , Why should not a man or woman do as much as the seasons , and effuse as much ?
Here , take this gift , I was reserving it for some hero , speaker , or general , One who should serve the good old cause , the great idea , the progress and freedom of the race , Some brave confronter of despots , some daring rebel ; But I see that what I was reserving belongs to you just as much as to any .
I hear America singing , the varied carols I hear , Those of mechanics , each one singing his as it should be blithe and strong , The carpenter singing his as he measures his plank or beam , The mason singing his as he makes ready for work , or leaves off work , The boatman singing what belongs to him in his boat , the deckhand singing on the steamboat deck , The shoemaker singing as he sits on his bench , the hatter singing as he stands , The wood - cutter ' s song , the ploughboy ' s on his way in the morning , or at noon intermission or at sundown , The delicious singing of the mother , or of the young wife at work , or of the girl sewing or washing , Each singing what belongs to him or her and to none else , The day what belongs to the day -- at night the party of young fellows , robust , friendly , Singing with open mouths their strong melodious songs .
Stranger , if you passing meet me and desire to speak to me , why should you not speak to me ?
And why should I not speak to you ?
I will sing the song of companionship , I will show what alone must finally compact these , I believe these are to found their own ideal of manly love , indicating it in me , I will therefore let flame from me the burning fires that were threatening to consume me , I will lift what has too long kept down those smouldering fires , I will give them complete abandonment , I will write the evangel - poem of comrades and of love , For who but I should understand love with all its sorrow and joy ?
And who but I should be the poet of comrades ?
The boatmen and clam - diggers arose early and stopt for me , I tuck ' d my trowser - ends in my boots and went and had a good time ; You should have been with us that day round the chowder - kettle .
Why should I pray ?
why should I venerate and be ceremonious ?
Wherever he goes men and women accept and desire him , They desire he should like them , touch them , speak to them , stay with them .
There is no stoppage and never can be stoppage , If I , you , and the worlds , and all beneath or upon their surfaces , were this moment reduced back to a pallid float , it would not avail the long run , We should surely bring up again where we now stand , And surely go as much farther , and then farther and farther .
Why should I wish to see God better than this day ?
Spontaneous me , Nature , The loving day , the mounting sun , the friend I am happy with , The arm of my friend hanging idly over my shoulder , The hillside whiten ' d with blossoms of the mountain ash , The same late in autumn , the hues of red , yellow , drab , purple , and light and dark green , The rich coverlet of the grass , animals and birds , the private untrimm ' d bank , the primitive apples , the pebble - stones , Beautiful dripping fragments , the negligent list of one after another as I happen to call them to me or think of them , The real poems , ( what we call poems being merely pictures ,) The poems of the privacy of the night , and of men like me , This poem drooping shy and unseen that I always carry , and that all men carry , ( Know once for all , avow ' d on purpose , wherever are men like me , are our lusty lurking masculine poems ,) Love - thoughts , love - juice , love - odor , love - yielding , love - climbers , and the climbing sap , Arms and hands of love , lips of love , phallic thumb of love , breasts of love , bellies press ' d and glued together with love , Earth of chaste love , life that is only life after love , The body of my love , the body of the woman I love , the body of the man , the body of the earth , Soft forenoon airs that blow from the south - west , The hairy wild - bee that murmurs and hankers up and down , that gripes the full - grown lady - flower , curves upon her with amorous firm legs , takes his will of her , and holds himself tremulous and tight till he is satisfied ; The wet of woods through the early hours , Two sleepers at night lying close together as they sleep , one with an arm slanting down across and below the waist of the other , The smell of apples , aromas from crush ' d sage - plant , mint , birch - bark , The boy ' s longings , the glow and pressure as he confides to me what he was dreaming , The dead leaf whirling its spiral whirl and falling still and content to the ground , The no - form ' d stings that sights , people , objects , sting me with , The hubb ' d sting of myself , stinging me as much as it ever can any one , The sensitive , orbic , underlapp ' d brothers , that only privileged feelers may be intimate where they are , The curious roamer the hand roaming all over the body , the bashful withdrawing of flesh where the fingers soothingly pause and edge themselves , The limpid liquid within the young man , The vex ' d corrosion so pensive and so painful , The torment , the irritable tide that will not be at rest , The like of the same I feel , the like of the same in others , The young man that flushes and flushes , and the young woman that flushes and flushes , The young man that wakes deep at night , the hot hand seeking to repress what would master him , The mystic amorous night , the strange half - welcome pangs , visions , sweats , The pulse pounding through palms and trembling encircling fingers , the young man all color ' d , red , ashamed , angry ; The souse upon me of my lover the sea , as I lie willing and naked , The merriment of the twin babes that crawl over the grass in the sun , the mother never turning her vigilant eyes from them , The walnut - trunk , the walnut - husks , and the ripening or ripen ' d long - round walnuts , The continence of vegetables , birds , animals , The consequent meanness of me should I skulk or find myself indecent , while birds and animals never once skulk or find themselves indecent , The great chastity of paternity , to match the great chastity of maternity , The oath of procreation I have sworn , my Adamic and fresh daughters , The greed that eats me day and night with hungry gnaw , till I saturate what shall produce boys to fill my place when I am through , The wholesome relief , repose , content , And this bunch pluck ' d at random from myself , It has done its work -- I toss it carelessly to fall where it may .
Native moments -- when you come upon me -- ah you are here now , Give me now libidinous joys only , Give me the drench of my passions , give me life coarse and rank , To - day I go consort with Nature ' s darlings , to - night too , I am for those who believe in loose delights , I share the midnight orgies of young men , I dance with the dancers and drink with the drinkers , The echoes ring with our indecent calls , I pick out some low person for my dearest friend , He shall be lawless , rude , illiterate , he shall be one condemn ' d by others for deeds done , I will play a part no longer , why should I exile myself from my companions ?
Even while you should think you had unquestionably caught me , behold !
These I singing in spring collect for lovers , ( For who but I should understand lovers and all their sorrow and joy ?
And who but I should be the poet of comrades ?)
This moment yearning and thoughtful sitting alone , It seems to me there are other men in other lands yearning and thoughtful , It seems to me I can look over and behold them in Germany , Italy , France , Spain , Or far , far away , in China , or in Russia or talking other dialects , And it seems to me if I could know those men I should become attached to them as I do to men in my own lands , O I know we should be brethren and lovers , I know I should be happy with them .
Ah lover and perfect equal , I meant that you should discover me so by faint indirections , And I when I meet you mean to discover you by the like in you .
Whatever it is , it avails not -- distance avails not , and place avails not , I too lived , Brooklyn of ample hills was mine , I too walk ' d the streets of Manhattan island , and bathed in the waters around it , I too felt the curious abrupt questionings stir within me , In the day among crowds of people sometimes they came upon me , In my walks home late at night or as I lay in my bed they came upon me , I too had been struck from the float forever held in solution , I too had receiv ' d identity by my body , That I was I knew was of my body , and what I should be I knew I should be of my body .
Who was to know what should come home to me ?
O I have been dilatory and dumb , I should have made my way straight to you long ago , I should have blabb ' d nothing but you , I should have chanted nothing but you .
What you give me I cheerfully accept , A little sustenance , a hut and garden , a little money , as I rendezvous with my poems , A traveler ' s lodging and breakfast as journey through the States ,-- why should I be ashamed to own such gifts ?
1 Give me the splendid silent sun with all his beams full - dazzling , Give me autumnal fruit ripe and red from the orchard , Give me a field where the unmow ' d grass grows , Give me an arbor , give me the trellis ' d grape , Give me fresh corn and wheat , give me serene - moving animals teaching content , Give me nights perfectly quiet as on high plateaus west of the Mississippi , and I looking up at the stars , Give me odorous at sunrise a garden of beautiful flowers where I can walk undisturb ' d , Give me for marriage a sweet - breath ' d woman of whom I should never tire , Give me a perfect child , give me away aside from the noise of the world a rural domestic life , Give me to warble spontaneous songs recluse by myself , for my own ears only , Give me solitude , give me Nature , give me again O Nature your primal sanities !
5 But on these days of brightness , On the far - stretching beauteous landscape , the roads and lanes the high - piled farm - wagons , and the fruits and barns , Should the dead intrude ?
The mother at home quietly placing the dishes on the supper - table , The mother with mild words , clean her cap and gown , a wholesome odor falling off her person and clothes as she walks by , The father , strong , self - sufficient , manly , mean , anger ' d , unjust , The blow , the quick loud word , the tight bargain , the crafty lure , The family usages , the language , the company , the furniture , the yearning and swelling heart , Affection that will not be gainsay ' d , the sense of what is real , the thought if after all it should prove unreal , The doubts of day - time and the doubts of night - time , the curious whether and how , Whether that which appears so is so , or is it all flashes and specks ?
You prostitutes flaunting over the trottoirs or obscene in your rooms , Who am I that I should call you more obscene than myself ?
Is it wonderful that I should be immortal ?
Thou pulse -- thou motive of the stars , suns , systems , That , circling , move in order , safe , harmonious , Athwart the shapeless vastnesses of space , How should I think , how breathe a single breath , how speak , if , out of myself , I could not launch , to those , superior universes ?
Why should I be afraid to trust myself to you ?
7 It is not to diffuse you that you were born of your mother and father , it is to identify you , It is not that you should be undecided , but that you should be decided , Something long preparing and formless is arrived and form ' d in you , You are henceforth secure , whatever comes or goes .
if I were to suspect death I should die now , Do you think I could walk pleasantly and well - suited toward annihilation ?
Of him I love day and night I dream ' d I heard he was dead , And I dream ' d I went where they had buried him I love , but he was not in that place , And I dream ' d I wander ' d searching among burial - places to find him , And I found that every place was a burial - place ; The houses full of life were equally full of death , ( this house is now ,) The streets , the shipping , the places of amusement , the Chicago , Boston , Philadelphia , the Mannahatta , were as full of the dead as of the living , And fuller , O vastly fuller of the dead than of the living ; And what I dream ' d I will henceforth tell to every person and age , And I stand henceforth bound to what I dream ' d , And now I am willing to disregard burial - places and dispense with them , And if the memorials of the dead were put up indifferently everywhere , even in the room where I eat or sleep , I should be satisfied , And if the corpse of any one I love , or if my own corpse , be duly render ' d to powder and pour ' d in the sea , I shall be satisfied , Or if it be distributed to the winds I shall be satisfied .
But I too announce solid things , Science , ships , politics , cities , factories , are not nothing , Like a grand procession to music of distant bugles pouring , triumphantly moving , and grander heaving in sight , They stand for realities -- all is as it should be .
If I should need to name , O Western World , your powerfulest scene and show , ' Twould not be you , Niagara -- nor you , ye limitless prairies -- nor your huge rifts of canyons , Colorado , Nor you , Yosemite -- nor Yellowstone , with all its spasmic geyser - loops ascending to the skies , appearing and disappearing , Nor Oregon ' s white cones -- nor Huron ' s belt of mighty lakes -- nor Mississippi ' s stream : -- This seething hemisphere ' s humanity , as now , I ' d name -- the still small voice vibrating -- America ' s choosing day , ( The heart of it not in the chosen -- the act itself the main , the quadriennial choosing ,) The stretch of North and South arous ' d -- sea - board and inland -- Texas to Maine -- the Prairie States -- Vermont , Virginia , California , The final ballot - shower from East to West -- the paradox and conflict , The countless snow - flakes falling --( a swordless conflict , Yet more than all Rome ' s wars of old , or modern Napoleon ' s :) the peaceful choice of all , Or good or ill humanity -- welcoming the darker odds , the dross : -- Foams and ferments the wine ?
However , the jury said it believes `` these two offices should be combined to achieve greater efficiency and reduce the cost of administration '' .
Nevertheless , `` we feel that in the future Fulton County should receive some portion of these available funds '' , the jurors said .
`` These actions should serve to protect in fact and in effect the court's wards from undue costs and its appointed and elected servants from unmeritorious criticisms '' , the jury said .
The jury did not elaborate , but it added that `` there should be periodic surveillance of the pricing practices of the concessionaires for the purpose of keeping the prices reasonable '' .
Before adjournment Monday afternoon , the Senate is expected to approve a study of the number of legislators allotted to rural and urban areas to determine what adjustments should be made .
It says that `` in the event Congress does provide this increase in federal funds '' , the State Board of Education should be directed to `` give priority '' to teacher pay raises .
While details are still to be worked out , Ratcliff said he expects to tell home folks in Dallas why he thinks Berry's proposed constitutional amendment should be rejected .
Halleck said the voluntary care plan enacted last year should be given a fair trial first .
In the case of Portugal , which a few weeks ago was rumored ready to walk out of the NATO Council should critics of its Angola policy prove harsh , there has been a noticeable relaxation of tension .
There should even be no more bitter surprises in the UN General Assembly as to NATO members' votes , since a new ad hoc NATO committee has been set up so that in the future such topics as Angola will be discussed in advance .
East Providence should organize its civil defense setup and begin by appointing a full-time director , Raymond H. Hawksley , the present city CD head , believes .
Along with a director , the city should provide a CD headquarters so that pertinent information about the local organization would be centralized .
Should there be evidence they are shirking , he has said , the state police will step into the situation .
Liberals and conservatives in both parties -- Democratic and Republican -- should divorce themselves and form two independent parties , George H. Reama , nationally known labor-management expert , said here yesterday .
He said he favors wage increases for workers -- `` but manufacturers are caught in a profit squeeze '' -- and raises should only come when the public is conditioned to higher prices , he added .
Mr. Martinelli explained that there should be more than enough signatures to assure the scheduling of a vote on the home rule charter and possible election of a nine member charter commission within 70 days .
`` After inspiring this , I think we should certainly follow through on it '' , he declared .
Mitchell said the statement should become a major issue in the primary and the fall campaign .
He then launched into what the issues should be in the campaign .
He is publicly on record as believing Mr. De Sapio should be replaced for the good of the party .
There are many who predict that should Barnett decide to call the Legislature back into special session , it will really throw his administration into a scramble .
But if the administration should find it does not need the $28 million for a grant-in-aid program , a not unlikely conclusion , it could very well seek a way to use the money for other purposes .
But if all alternatives should be clearly blocked off , it can be expected the Davis administration will take steps to trim spending at the spring session of the state Legislature .
Mrs. Knauer said she did not think dog owners should be penalized for the city's services to animal care .
But there seemed to be some difference of opinion as to how far the board should go , and whose advice it should follow .
It was generally agreed that the subject was important and the board should be informed on what was done , is going to be done and what it thought should be done .
The council agreed it should more firmly state its belief in and dependence on the Bible .
`` But they shouldda brought in Tokyo , too '' , added Old Scrapiron .
`` Bill White ( sore ankles ) should be ready .
`` He should be getting back in the groove before long .
`` Housed in the new McCormick Place theater , this should prove to be an exciting evening '' , adds Mrs. Sims .
With loud huzzahs for the artistic success of the Presbyterian-St. Luke's Fashion show still ringing in her ears , its director , Helen Tieken Geraghty ( Mrs. Maurice P. Geraghty ) is taking off tomorrow on a 56 day world trip which should earn her even greater acclaim as director of entertainment for next summer's International Trade fair .
The vice president of the City Council complained yesterday that there are `` deficiencies '' in the city's snow clearing program which should be corrected as soon as possible .
Councilman William D. Schaefer ( D. , Fifth ) said in a letter to Mayor Grady that plowing and salting crews should be dispatched earlier in storms and should be kept on the job longer than they were last month .
Conceding that several cities to the north were in worse shape than Baltimore after the last storm , Mr. Schaefer listed several improvements he said should be made in the snow plan here .
Equipment should be in operation `` almost immediately after the first snowfall '' , Mr. Schaefer said .
Mr. Schaefer also recommended that the snow emergency route plan , under which parking is banned on key streets and cars are required to use snow tires or chains on them , should be `` strictly enforced '' .
Admitting that main streets and the central business district should have priority , the Councilman said it is also essential that small shopping areas `` not be overlooked if our small merchants are to survive '' .
He said Britain also proposed that the international truce commission should be reconvened , sent to New Delhi and from there to Laos to verify the cease-fire .
A 14-power conference on Laos should then meet on May 5 , he said .
`` Leading Nations of the West and of the East keep busy making newer nuclear weapons to defend themselves in the event the constantly threatening nuclear war should break out .
Rather than viewing the abortive recovery in 1959-60 as a reason for believing we have lost prospects for growth '' , he said `` it should be viewed as a lesson well learned which will increase the probability of substantial improvement in this recovery '' .
He said that from his experience of two years with Gen. Clay in West Berlin administration , that `` Russia respects our show of strength , but that presently we're not acting as we should and must '' .
In other words , I am getting only half the dividends I should .
Any shareholder of any of these funds who finds a mistake in his account certainly should get in touch with the bank .
`` My approval of this bill should not be viewed as establishing a precedent for the enactment of similar legislation for other mineral industries '' , the President said .
Producer Fellini should have looked at some of the old silent films where they really had parties ! !
( The last doorman that saw me do that should calm himself .
He added `` I think that sometimes in this country we are not aware as we should be of the extraordinary work that is being done in this field '' .
Ideally , he knew , it should be preceded by concrete progress at lower levels .
It is natural that he should turn for his major support to a select and dedicated few from the organization which actually owns the university and whose goals are , in their opinion , identified with its highest good and ( to use that oft-repeated phrase ) ' the attainment of excellence ' '' .
It is particularly interesting that those who framed the report should refer to `` the organization which actually owns the university '' : this seems to show an awareness of the fact that there is more to the problem than the ordinary issue of clerical-lay tension .
To appreciate the nature of the gamble , it should be realized that while college teaching is almost a public symbol of security , that security does not come as quickly or as automatically as it does in an elementary school system or in the Civil Service .
This is a significant advance but its import should not be exaggerated .
Should these giants really flex their competitive muscles , they would become the only survivors in the industry .
Quite clearly the anti-trust laws are neither effective nor rational -- and yet the argument goes that they should be extended to the labor union .
( One big question : If Colmer was to be purged , what should the House do about the other three senior Mississippians who supported the maverick electors ? ?
Question at issue : How big a vote should be necessary to restrict Senate debate -- and thereby cut off legislation-delaying filibusters ? ?
It was their conviction that the people should be `` brought up together '' , a grade at a time , until in some indefinite future some might be ready to tackle history , economics and political science .
Touring Africa , the new U.S. Assistant Secretary of State observed `` Africa should be for the Africans '' and the British promptly denounced him .
The practice of charging employes for meals whether they eat at the hospital or not should be abolished .
The work week of attendants who are on duty 65 hours and more per week should be reduced .
More attendants , nurses and doctors should be hired .
Such support should not be difficult to come by if all the plans to be presented by the NCTA are as attractive as this outline of express buses coming into the downtown area .
So far as the record is concerned , the Western powers have not acquiesced and should not do so .
American history should clinch the case when Congress is asked to approve .
The Senate's overwhelming ( 64-13 ) vote to support locally controlled educational TV efforts should be emulated in the lower house .
The Congo should have been mandated , because it was not ready for independence .
And until this protection is at least as concrete as , say , the row of hotels that bars us from our own sands at Miami Beach , those who represent us all should agree to nothing .
Mr. Rusk should also draw comfort from Sen. Jackson's recommendation that congressional methods of dealing with national security problems be improved .
And now Mr. Hodges has pioneered further into the economic unknown with the announcement that he thinks business has stopped sliding and that it should start going upward from this point .
Anybody who is expecting a joyride should , according to Mr. Shriver , get off the train right now .
The Federal program eventually should have a favorable impact on Missouri's depressed areas , and in the long run that will benefit St. Louis as well .
The Faget case was the kind of salvage job the Administration should not have to repeat .
Nothing that is likely to happen , however , should prompt the sending of United States soldiers for other than instructional missions .
He may want additional technical help , and this should be forthcoming .
He should be , as Dag Hammarskjold certainly was , a citizen of the world .
This is the root issue for which the United States should stand .
We should not become confused or let our public become confused over irrelevant questions of number or even of geography .
The new City Charter , which should get a Yes vote as Question No. 1 on Nov. 7 , would not make a good Mayor out of a bad one .
This Congress will see Premier Khrushchev consolidating his power and laying the groundwork for an orderly succession should death or illness remove him from the scene in the next few years .
A minister should not stay `` beyond the time that his leadership should benefit '' his church , he wrote , `` for he becomes ordinary .
It should be easier to plug two spots than it was to fill the wholesale lots that were open last year , but so far it hasn't worked that way .
Should I show my daughter how things should be colored ? ?
In case of a deadlock between prison boards and inmates , a federal arbitration board to include a `` lifer '' and two escapees should decide the issue .
For the most part , however , the new version is contemporary and , as such , should be the means for many to attain a clearer comprehension of the meaning of those words recorded so many hundreds of years ago by the first followers of Christ .
To have the results recorded in everyday usable English should be of benefit to all who seek the truth .
His own inner voice , which should tell him what not to do , has not developed .
She should offer substitutes for the temptations which seem overwhelmingly desirable to the child .
If he can't play with Mommy's magazines , he should have some old numbers of his own .
During this precarious period of development the mother should continue to influence the growth of the child's conscience .
But further thought brings the shuddery visions of a governor's race being run in the next Legislature , the spectre of big spending programs , the ooze of mudslinging before the campaign should even begin .
But the Legislature should be granted the opportunity to complete its work before choosing up sides for the race .
With our current $3 per hundred tax rate , it is safe to assume that this will qualify when you suggest a community should `` try to develop a modest industrial plant '' as the best way to meet these problems .
There is one other point we should never lose sight of : Many veterans who enter VA hospitals as non-service cases later qualify as service-connected .
But I don't believe we should close the door on non-service-connected patients .
The public should understand that whether they support a state hospital or a VA hospital , the tax dollar has to be paid one way or the other .
Why should Congress even consider allowing such a sum for that which can give no protection ? ?
-- It seems college isn't what it should be .
Education should be uppermost in their minds , but with this attire how can anyone think it is so ? ?
Rising costs have increased the difficulties of the elderly , and I would be the last to say they should not receive consideration .
Why should CTA regular riders subsidize reduced transportation for old people any more than the people who drive their own cars or walk to work should ? ?
My discussion with reference to the resolution was that we should commend those citizens who serve as judges of election and who properly discharge their duty and polling place proprietors who make available their private premises , and not by innuendo criticize them .
Should she disagree , she explains why in detail .
Those in the public eye should be good examples of American citizens while abroad .
The plane should have started at the scheduled time and left Sinatra and Martin to guzzle .
Sir -- I read of a man who felt he should not build a fallout shelter in his home because it would be selfish for him to sit secure while his neighbors had no shelters .
The bill which passed the Assembly last May and is now pending in the Senate should be given careful scrutiny .
Sir -- Every resident of this city should visit the Newark Museum and see the exhibit `` Our Changing Skyline in Newark '' .
It should also make him desire to participate actively in civic , school and religious life of the community so that that phase of Newark will live up to the challenge presented by this exhibit .
Recent statements by well-known scientists regarding the destructive power of the newest nuclear bombs and the deadly fall-outs should be sufficient to still the voices of those who advocate nuclear warfare instead of negotiations .
We should stand firmly and courageously for our right to free access into Berlin .
If the German people favor such a settlement we should not oppose Germany following the example of Austria .
Our `` destiny '' in these perilous times should be to lead strongly in the pursuit of peace , with justice , under law .
We believe that the list of vital things left undone to date by the Eighty-seventh Congress should have included repeal by the Senate of the Connally amendment .
Without question , this time and temper saver should be immediately installed at the Woodside station .
I disagree with the writer who says funeral services should be government-controlled .
But the hospitals and doctors should be .
I was surprised at Mayor Miriani's defeat , but perhaps Mayor-elect Cavanagh can accomplish some things that should have been done years ago .
He should put the police back to patrolling and walking the streets at night .
There should be better bus service and all of our city departments and their various branches need a general and complete overhauling .
Drunken truck drivers in the city departments should be weeded out .
After all , they are paid by the public , they should be examples .
The letter writer who suggested saving money by taking kids out of school at 14 should have signed his letter `` simpleton '' instead of `` simplicitude '' .
Everyone should take time to read Martin Luther's Hymn `` A Mighty Fortress Is Our God '' .
We should avoid these congestion points or , putting it another way , keep cars starting and ending on the East side of the river -- on the East side .
Further , it should be recalled that some very definite steps were taken by Congress to combat corruption in the labor movement by its passage of the Landrum-Griffin Act .
Contemplating these posthumous punishments , Stalin should not lose all hope .
`` If the day should ever come that foreign invaders swarm ashore along the Gulf Coast '' , the account reads , `` they can count on heavy opposition from a group of commando-trained telephone employees -- all girls .
This may be opera bouffe now , but it will become more serious should the cold war mount in frenzy .
Yet it is plainly time to make a start , and to be effective the first move should be highly dramatic , without being fanatical .
The scene , of course , should be nine miles northwest of Centralia , Illinois , the geographical center of population according to the census .
A special grandstand , protected by awnings from the midsummer sun of Illinois , should be erected for occupancy by honored guests , who should include the ambassadors of all those new African nations as yet not quite convinced that the United States is thoroughly civilized .
The band should play the Rogues' March as a processional , switching to `` Hail Columbia , Happy Land '' ! !
one which , should it fail , will not have contaminated the conscience .
It reappears , in whole or part , whenever a new crisis exposes the reality : in Cuba last spring ( with which the Dominican events of last month should be paired ) ; ;
( Even granted that the Congo should be unified , you don't protect Western security by first removing the pro-Western weight from the power equilibrium .
To these people , solidarity and unity with China should be the real basis of Russia's future policy .
The fact that China ( which is obsessed by Formosa -- to Khrushchev a very small matter ) should be supported by North Korea and North Vietnam is highly indicative .
On the eve of the `` great debate '' on the proposal to give the President broad powers to make across-the-board tariff concessions which could practically bring us into the Atlantic Community , we should face the alternatives on this proposition .
Truly , that Liberals should choose Louis 14 , as a bogey-symbol of conservatism is grotesquely ironic , considering the Louis 14 , character of their Grand Monarque , FDR : not only in his accretion of absolute power and personal deification , ( le roi gouverne par lui meme ) , but in the disastrous effects of his spending and war policies .
`` Confrontation '' should fortify us all , whether in Southeast Asia or the U.S. .
The objective should be to provide a method of getting into print a higher percentage than is now possible of the relevant information in the possession of reporters and editors .
One should be able to get hold of the book at once .
If this practice should take root and spread , the man who submits a manuscript to a publisher will find himself reviewed before he is accepted and publication will become a sort of post-mortem formality .
Perhaps the lesson we should take from these pages is that the welfare state in England still allows wild scope for all kinds of rugged eccentrics .
However well chosen and cleverly arranged , such memorabilia unfortunately amounted to more of an interruption than an auxiliary to the evening's main business , which ( considering the talent at hand ) should probably have been the gathering of fresh samples of the Chicago style .
`` When in doubt as to two courses of action , a general should choose the bolder '' .
A word should be said for Gary Morgan , a Broadway youngster who , as the adopted son , makes life miserable for nearly everybody and Larkin in particular .
Since the hero , a sterling and upright fellow , is a rich Brown senior , while two Yalies are cast as virtual rapists , I suppose I should disqualify myself from sitting in judgment on `` Where The Boys Are '' , but I shall do nothing of the sort .
All polemic of ours should , I believe , be either very broad statements of contrast , or fine points treated singly , and as far as possible impersonally .
He writes , `` Confucius held that in times of stress one should take short views -- only up to lunchtime '' .
But one should not ask for everything .
Now there is no reason in the world why a matchmaker in Ireland should happen also to be a talented soft-shoe dancer and gifted improviser of movements of the limbs , torso and neck , except that these talents add immensely to the enjoyment of the play .
There is no reason why most theatergoers should not have a pretty good time at `` Donnybrook '' , unless they are permanently in the mood of Enright when he sings about how easily he could hate the lovable Irish .
All the more reason why there should have been no place for the frills ; ;
`` Roots Of The Blues '' may not be for gentle souls , but others should welcome its super-charged impact .
WBAI is on the right track : in the sound medium there has been excessive emphasis on music and news and there could and should be a place for theatre , as the Canadian and British Broadcasting Corporations continue to demonstrate .
Illinois' Shawnee National Forest , Missouri's Iron County and the maples of Hiawatha , Kan. should be at their best in mid-October .
After drastically overhauling NATO , Western leadership should turn to reducing the suspicions that tear apart the East and West .
`` The West should make the central proposal ; ;
It is a kind of justice , too , that it should originate in London's Royal Albert Hall , where , traditionally , the loudest , if not the greatest , performers have entertained the thousands it will accommodate ( RCA Victor LM 2454 , $4.98 ) .
The typical U.S. daily menu , says Dr. Keys , contains 3,000 calories , should contain 2,300 .
Apparently he does not intend that those who read or view this play should think of the devil as being actually real .
and those of us who so richly benefit from it should be the last to despise it .
It should be admitted , too , that there is a good percentage of lapsed or nonchurchgoing Catholics ( one paper writes 50 per cent ) .
`` So that the man should not have thoughts of grandeur , and become lifted up , as if he had no lord , because of the dominion that had been given to him , and the freedom , fall into sin against God his Creator , overstepping his bounds , and take up an attitude of self-conceited arrogance towards God , a law was given him by God , that he might know that he had for lord the lord of all .
`` Wherefore also He ( God ) drove him ( man ) out of Paradise , and removed him far from the tree of life , not because He envied him the tree of life , as some venture to assert , but because He pitied him , ( and did not desire ) that he should continue a sinner for ever , nor that the sin which surrounded him should be immortal , and evil interminable and irremediable .
But He set a bound to his ( state of ) sin , by interposing death , and thus causing sin to cease , putting an end to it by the dissolution of the flesh , which should take place in the earth , so that man , ceasing at length to live in sin , and dying to it , might live to God '' .
Ezra Stiles Gannett , an honorable representative of the sanhedrin , addressed himself frankly to the issue in 1845 , insisting that Parker should not be persecuted or calumniated and that in this republic no power to restrain him by force could exist .
Even so , Gannett judiciously argued , the Association could legitimately decide that Parker `` should not be encouraged nor assisted in diffusing his opinions by those who differ from him in regard to their correctness '' .
One can even argue -- though this is a delicate matter -- that every justification existed for their returning the Public Lecture to the First Church , and so to suppress it , rather than let Parker use it as a sounding board for his propaganda when his turn should come to occupy it .
-- that should a minister in Boston trust himself to his heart , should he `` speak without book , and consequently break some law of speech , or be hurried into some daring hyperbole , he should find little mercy '' .
By reminding ourselves of these factors in the situation , we should , I am sure , come to a fresh realization , however painful it be , that the battle between Parker and his neighbors was fought in earnest .
Nor , when we recollect how sensitive were the emotions of the old Puritan stock in regard to the recent tides of immigration , should we be astonished that their thin lips were compressed into a white line of rage as Parker snarled at them thus : `` Talk about the Catholics voting as the bishop tells ! !
`` God so loved the world , that he gave his only begotten Son , that whosoever believeth in him should not perish , but have everlasting life '' , and `` as many as received him , to them gave He power to become the sons of God , even to them that believe on His name '' .
`` For God so loved the world , that he gave his only begotten Son , that whosoever believeth in Him should not perish , but have everlasting life '' ( John 3 : :
He should have said `` jittery '' , for that's what we are .
Though an host should encamp against me , my heart shall not fear : though war should rise against me , in this will I be confident '' .
Why should we not have the same faith , and an even greater experience of the light which it gives ? ?
but , as he had a special fondness for magic and divination , he ordered that books on these subjects should be spared .
After all this destruction of old literature , it should be obvious why we have so little information about the early history and development of the Lo Shu , which was already semisecret anyhow .
It should not be postponed later than the next day .
If possible , he should make an appointment in order that all persons involved may be present .
Each conference should be concluded naturally with prayer .
None should ask less .
The sessions should cover four major areas : A
Following each instruction period a piece of literature dealing with the topic should be handed each one for further reading during the week .
most pastors find that the fourth session should take at least two hours and therefore hold it on a week night prior to Reception Sunday .
in conducting the Membership Preparation-Inquirers' Class , the pastor should plan a variety of teaching techniques in order to develop greater interest on the part of the class .
This should be a high moment in their lives , a never-to-be-forgotten experience .
They should sense the tremendous significance of joining the spiritual succession reaching back to Christ our Lord and forward to an eternal fellowship with the saints of the ages .
Psychologically the reception should be the climax , following the sermon .
That mention of this should bring smiles to our lips today is as clear an indication as we could wish of the extent to which attitudes have changed .
We should not allow the image of an immanent end brought about indirectly by our own action in the continuing human struggle for a just endurable order of existence to blind us to the fact that in some measure accelerating the end of our lease may be one consequence among others of many other of mankind's thrusts toward we know not what future .
How explicit such factors have been historically is evident in any chronology of restrictive covenant cases or in a review of NAREB's Code of Ethics Article 34 in the Code , adopted in 1924 , states that `` a Realtor should never be instrumental in introducing into a neighborhood a character of property or occupancy , members of any race or nationality or any individuals whose presence will clearly be detrimental to property values in that neighborhood '' .
Such a decision should have placed a powerful weapon in the hands of the entire housing industry , but there is little evidence that realtors , or at least their associations , have repudiated the principle in such clauses .
And if you should step inside of such a magnified atom , according to the physics of forty years ago , you would see circulating over your head , down at the sides , and under your feet , some twenty luminous balls about the size of footballs .
We should recall the number of movements for the service of mankind which arose from the kindred Evangelicalism of the British Isles and the Pietism of the Continent of Europe -- among them prison reform , anti-slavery measures , legislation for the alleviation of conditions of labour , the Inner Mission , and the Red Cross .
For example , in 1693 the Philadelphia Yearly Meeting of Friends declared that its members should emancipate their slaves and in 1776 it determined to exclude from membership all who did not comply .
Pope Pius the Sixth , at Rome , in April , 1778 , wrote the following : `` The faithful should be excited to the reading of the Holy Scriptures : For these are the most abundant sources which ought to be left open to everyone , to draw from them purity of morals and of doctrine , to eradicate errors which are so widely disseminated in these corrupt times '' .
In their case , the god of this world ( Satan ) has blinded their unbelieving minds , that they should not see the light of the gospel of the glory of Christ , who is the image of God .
What should I do about it , I asked myself ? ?
What should I do ? ?
Really there is no reason why this fine exercise should not find its way into your leg program at all times , for the following suggestions show why it is so effective : 1 .
You should have a couple of training partners to stand by when you make your first experiments just for safety .
You should also begin this exercise with a very light barbell until you become accustomed to it balance-wise .
It has a great many assets to recommend it and if you haven't made avocado a part of your diet yet , you really should .
The avocado should have a `` give '' to it , as you hold it , when it is ripe .
At this point it should be painfully obvious that cities , being `` soft '' , and the people within them are ideally suited to destruction by nuclear weapons .
It should be appallingly apparent that city-trading is not a profitable military tactic .
If , for some reason such as economy , we are not going to develop aircraft nuclear propulsion with a sense of national urgency , then we should turn our effort to developing jet engines with a thrust-to-weight ratio of 12 or 15 to one .
When you and your dog step into the Junior ring , it should be just what the dog wants to do as much as what you want him to do .
`` Junior Showmanship is an extremely worthy project and should be earnestly encouraged '' ! !
He feels very forcibly that the American Kennel Club should take a more active part in encouraging the Junior Division ! !
Juniors who attend this Chicago show should make a point to enter this Class as it would be of great help to them .
The founder of the Junior Showmanship Competition the late Leonard Brumby , Sr. ( for whom the trophy is named after at Westminster ) was an outstanding Handler and believed a Junior should have an opportunity to exhibit in a dog show starting with the Junior Showmanship Division .
When the automobile was in its embryonic stage , such roads as existed were pretty much open roads with the tacit understanding that horses should not be unduly terrified being about the only rule governing where , when and how fast a car could go .
must and should do .
There should be 10'' '' between the two parallel members and each should be 1'' '' from an end of the long piece .
Placement of these holes is not critical , but they should be located so that the centers are about 1/8'' '' from any edge .
Each completed locking bar should remain in place as the work progresses to insure snug fitting .
The notch should have a smooth finish so that the steel dog will slide easily over it .
All matching surfaces should be checked frequently and mated on a cut and fit basis .
For use in formulas , fractions should be converted to their decimal equivalents .
A rodder should be able to compute the displacement of his engine .
In any instance , you should determine the exposure according to the type of light which falls on most of the subject area .
So that his customers should not soil their hands , Feuchtwanger issued white gloves .
They should be as straight as possible , as this will effect their ability to mesh properly when the walls are erected .
The fixed window panels with louvers should have a good grade of 1/8-inch double-strength glass set in a mastic glazing compound .
The door panels are designed to accommodate standard doors which should be of exterior grade .
All nails should be rustproof , and aluminum is highly recommended .
The drill press should be leveled and , depending on whether it is a bench or floor model , bolted securely to a sturdy bench or stand or screwed to the floor with lag or expansion screws .
The rest of the press should be kept clean by dusting with a clean rag or brush .
Since fly cutters are one sided and not balanced , they should be used at the slowest speed available , and fed very slowly to avoid binding .
For their length , their types of construction , their picturesque settings , and their literary associations , they should be known and remembered .
It was indeed a remarkable feat that a man who had had no experience of bridge building should have applied the principle of the arch , which appears in his famous bridges at Portsmouth , Haverhill , and Philadelphia .
he reasoned and argued , pointing out that Jones or other Confederate commanders would need it should troops pass that way in retreat .
And a good several feet around the pool should be neither greensward nor woods , but good hard pavement .
You should be prepared to cope with any pitfall such as plunges into empty pools or shallow ends and all manner of winter as well as summer lawsuits .
Even so , every pool owner , in case of emergency , should have some idea of what makes things work .
You should see to it that the trap , the dirt-catcher in front of the filter , is always clean .
You should firmly insist that no bobby pins or hair pins be worn in the water .
Even if you live above that line , the FHA will back you , for they have decided that the inclusion of air conditioning in all new homes is a good thing and should be encouraged .
If the site is on a reservoir , the level of the water at various seasons as it affects recreation should be studied .
Just as the national and state parks place emphasis on features which are of national or state significance , counties should seek out these features which are distinctive of their area .
Notice should be taken of unusual rock formations , deposits , or shapes of the earth's crust in your region .
Areas should be large enough to include the attractions , have ample space for the use of facilities needed , and have room around the edges to protect the values of the area from encroachment by private developments .
The direction , velocity , and season of these winds should be noted as to just how they will affect the recreation use and your maintenance and operation of the area .
Also , it should be noted that the polytonal freedom of his melodies and harmonic modulations , the brilliant orchestrations , the adroitness for evading the heaviness of figured bass , the skill in florid counterpoint were not lost in his mature output , even in the spectacular historical dramas of the stage and cinema , where a large , dramatic canvas of sound was required .
And how very often a water plane is featured in his landscapes , and how appropriate that he should appear in American Artist again , in his natal month of March ! !
There should be youngsters who know how to do a headstand , and also how to help other children learn it .
They should know simple exercises that could prepare less fortunate children for the sports we will demand be taught .
It should be installed over a door that is in full view of everyone , and a chair should be placed under it , a little to one side .
Those children who can chin themselves should be told to do one chin-up each time they pass under it .
Those who are too weak , should climb on the chair and , starting at the top of the chin , let themselves slowly down .
Parents should be informed about this system and encouraged to do the same with the whole family at home .
At first each child should do a kick-up by himself so that the teacher can determine those ready to work alone , and those who need help .
Care should be taken to see that the hands are placed on the floor before the kick starts and also that the landing foot is brought as close to the hands as possible .
The child should then bring both legs together overhead , point the toes and tighten the seat muscles .
One or two practice runs should be sufficient for solo .
An attempt should be made to see if electricity , in its most latent stage , has any action on the magnet as such '' .
For treatment of shipping fever , this level should be fed at the onset of the disease symptoms until symptoms disappear .
The recommended 10-milligram daily intake level should be maintained .
-- The recommended level for sheep is 2 milligrams daily , and this level should be maintained .
Following single-dose treatment , milk should be discarded for 4 days following treatment .
Additive should not be fed 72 hours before animals are slaughtered .
The controversy of the last few years over whether architects or interior designers should plan the interiors of modern buildings has brought clearly into focus one important difference of opinion .
Certainly every educator involved in interior design should be a member and active in the work of one of these organizations .
Not only should every educator above the rank of instructor be expected to be a member of one of the professional organizations , but his first qualification for membership as an educator should be so sharply scrutinized that membership would be equivalent to certification to teach the subject .
Nobody should be more able to answer the questions on this score than engineering vice-presidents and chief engineers .
It makes materials handling the only construction cost that ( like earthmoving and roadbuilding ) should be lower today than in 1929 .
It changes the answers to `` Who should do what , and where '' ? ?
For long hauls these shipments should be protected with water-proof paper .
However , readers who accept Freud's findings and believe that he has solved completely the mystery of dreams , should ponder over the following words in his Interpretation Of Dreams , Chapter 1 : :
The consummation should come at the next stopping place when they have a long private time ( day or night ) for that purpose .
One thing should be clear to both husband and wife -- neither pain nor profuse bleeding has to occur when the hymen is ruptured during the first sex act .
Gynecologists and marriage manuals began to advise that the bride should consult a physician before marriage .
As a natural outgrowth of this approach it was often suggested that the doctor should complete the preparation for painless intercourse by dilating the vagina .
The husband and wife should start with this anatomical information clearly in mind .
This is a very common experience and should in no way discourage or dishearten either husband or wife .
Both man and wife should be aware of the fact that a lack of climax , and even the absence of the anticipated keen pleasure are not a sign that the wife may be cold or frigid .
Why and when should tooth-straightening be undertaken ? ?
Yet from the dentist's point of view , bad-fitting teeth should be corrected for physical reasons .
As was noted earlier , it is important that in valid , objective study of this sort of communication , the interested sitter should be separated from the sensitive .
The presence of alternative job opportunities also will make the place easier to sell if that should become desirable .
Obviously the farm should be on an all-weather road .
If you plan to sell fresh vegetables or whole milk , for example , you should be close to a town or city .
In such a case the defendant should serve as a clear example and not have to be tied to the issue by argument .
The Trial should have asked the nations .
Should not everyone have been awakened to it as an outstanding fact of our time that the nations poisoned by anti-Semitism proved less fortunate in regard to their own freedom than those whose citizens saved their Jewish compatriots from the transports ? ?
I don't feel much like a maryed man but I never forgit it sofar as to court enny other lady but if I should you must forgive me as I am so forgitful '' .
if they should bite before I wake , I pray the Lord their jaws to break '' .
1 ) Every age rewrites the events of its history in terms of what should have been , creating legends about itself that rationalize contemporary beliefs and excuse contemporary actions .
Upon which the detective bureau despatched rifle squads to prevent trouble if O'Banion should send his gunmen out to deal with the hijacking policemen .
At last , even the controlled Torrio was unable to hold still , and he tentatively suggested that O'Banion should take a percentage in the Stickney brothels in return for one from his Cicero beer concession .
In the vulnerable areas of the Pacific there should be restrictions against building homes on exposed coasts , or at least a requirement that they be either raised off the ground or anchored strongly against waves .
( 1 ) As far down as 400 miles below the surface the material should be hot enough to be plastic and adjust itself to twisting forces by sluggish flow rather than by breaking , as rigid surface rocks do .
Where should I go ? ?
But it should be pointed out that some of the new watering places -- Fire Island , Nantucket , Westhampton , Long Island , for example -- tend to be homogeneously Jewish .
This should be used frequently ( but shaken before using ) .
For galled breasts , the mother should shave into half a cup of fresh unsalted lard enough white chalk to make a paste .
Many people agreed that burns should be treated with bland oily salves or unsalted butter or lard , but one informant told me that a burn should be bathed in salt water ; ;
To remove an insect from one's ear warm water should be inserted .
another said it should be rubbed with a cut potato three times daily .
Wine bought from a dealer should ideally be allowed to rest for several weeks before it is served .
Wine stored for a long time should be on its side ; ;
When stacking wine on its side in a bin , care should always be taken to be sure there is no air bubble left next to the cork .
consequently , one's wine closet or cellar should be away from machines or electrically driven furnaces .
No one should wish to deny these purists the obvious pleasure they derive from all this , and to give fair warning where warning is due , no one who becomes fond of wines ever avoids acquiring some degree of purism ! !
but again , as one will have observed at any restaurant worth its salt , wine should be served in a large , tulip-shaped glass , which is never filled more than half full .
It should not be forgotten that wines mature fastest in half-bottles , less fast in full bottles , slowly in Magnums -- and slower yet in Tregnums , double Magnums , Jeroboams , Methuselahs , and Imperiales , respectively .
Very old red wines often require several hours of aeration , and any red wine , brought from the cellar within half an hour of mealtime , should be uncorked and allowed some air .
White wines should be opened when served , having been previously chilled in proportion to their sweetness .
Thus , Sauternes or Barsacs should be very cold ; ;
If this must be done , they should always be corked and kept in a cool place ; ;
it should be remembered that their lasting qualities are appreciably shorter than those of milk .
By tradition , a red wine should be served at approximately room temperature -- if anything a little cooler -- and be aged enough for the tannin and acids to have worked out and the sediment have settled well .
The cork should be pulled gradually and smoothly , and the lip of the bottle wiped afterward .
Another school frowns on such a shortcut , and insists that after leaving the bin an old red wine should first stand on end for several days to allow the sediment to roll to the very bottom , after which the bottle may be gently eased to a tilted position on its side in the cradle .
Most of the wines of Beaujolais , on the other hand , should be drunk while very young ; ;
She agreed to take charge of five or six of the Negroes should Palfrey decide to send them north immediately .
He proceeded with his task bravely -- in his memoirs , at least -- before the `` passions of my neighbors should have time to boil too high '' .
Should any slave change his mind and request to leave earlier , Giffen was to provide passage at once .
Udall argues that Interior affairs should cover a great deal more than dams and wildlife preserves .
Logically , it should be moved downtown .
The actions of Bridget should be examined , since she was there and opportunity did exist , if only to establish her innocence .
Her services to the School for many years were of a very high character , and I have often thought that one of the buildings should be named for her '' .
This is a problem to which leaders of opinion , both Negro and white , should devote far more attention .
I should like to underline four points I made in my first report with respect to vocational education .
First and foremost , vocational courses should not replace courses which are essential parts of the required academic program for graduation .
Second , vocational courses should be provided in grades 11 and 12 and not require more than half the student's time in those years ; ;
Fourth , the type of vocational training programs should be related to the employment opportunities in the general locality .
I have been using the word `` vocational '' as a layman would at first sight think it should be used .
In my view , there should be a school which offers significant vocational programs for boys within easy reach of every family in a city .
Ideally these schools should be so located that one or more should be in the area where demand for practical courses is at the highest .
The taking of depositions , he suggested , should be placed under a special court examiner empowered to compel responsive and relevant answers and to exclude immaterial testimony .
It's typical of Rome that in the midst of this rather poor area you should find such an artistic work in the center of a little square .
Keep straight ahead on the Via Falegnami , cross the wide Via Arenula , and you will come to the Piazza B. Cairoli , where you should look in at the Church of San Carlo Ai Catinari to see the frescoes on the ceiling .
The second walk through the heart of Rome should be taken after lunch , so that you will reach the Pincian Hill when the soft light of the late afternoon is at its best .
consequently , the vulnerability to social difference should not be attributed to the stress on personal community in Protestant congregations ; ;
If economic integration really shapes congregational life , then evangelism should be a process of extending economic integration .
The perplexing question still remains as to why the middle classes turn to the churches as a vehicle of social identity when their clubs and charities should fill the same need .
If this trade should be resumed , the habitants who had come to be farmers or artisans , and soldiers discharged from the army , must be hardened to the severe life of coureurs de bois .
The King should expect no profit , and an advance of only 20 per cent above the cost in France , which would cover the expense of transportation and handling , was all he charged the traders .
A newspaperman who met him at a reception swore that he asked Menshikov : `` What should we call you '' ? ?
I was told that it is quite likely that Japanese soldiers would not fight again -- for why should they ? ?
At this Women's University we find a monument to a courageous family who believed that Japanese women also should be educated .
The achievement of the desegregation of certain lunch counters not only by wise action by local community leaders but by voluntary action following consultation between Attorney General Rogers and the heads of certain national chain stores should , of course , be applauded .
Not only should this provision be enforced but other economic and political actions might be taken which , this author believes , `` must surely be supported by every American who values the freedom that has been won for him and whose conscience is not so dominated by the lines in his account books that he can willingly and knowingly contribute to the enslavement of another nation '' .
Also , we should not even to-day discount the fact that a region such as the coastal lowlands centering on Charleston had closer ties with England and the West Indies than with the North even after independence .
It is extraordinary that a people as proud and warlike as Southerners should have been as docile as they have .
The North should thank its stars that such has been the case ; ;
but at the same time it should not draw false inferences therefrom .
Most of them sincerely believe that the Anglo-Saxon is the best race in the world and that it should remain pure .
Ratified in the Republican Party victory in 1952 , the Positive State is now evidenced by political campaigns being waged not on whether but on how much social legislation there should be .
Recognizing that the Rule of Law is `` a dynamic concept which should be employed not only to safeguard the civil and political rights of the individual in a free society '' , the Congress asserted that it also included the responsibility `` to establish social , economic , educational and cultural conditions under which his legitimate aspirations and dignity may be realized '' .
Are we as safe as we should be from such a disaster ? ?
Work is under way to see whether new restraining devices should be installed on all nuclear weapons .
( There are two receivers in case one should be dropped and damaged .
But much of the land which the aborigine wanders looks as if it should be hospitable .
I should like , by the way , to make it clear that I am not using the word `` Persians '' carelessly .
The latter in turn assured him that `` were I arraigned at the bar , and you my judge , I should expect to stand or fall only by the merits of my cause '' .
As John T. Westbrook says in his article , `` Twilight Of Southern Regionalism '' ( Southwest Review , Winter 1957 ) : `` The miasmal mausoleum where an Old South , already too minutely autopsied in prose and poetry , should be left to rest in peace , forever dead and ( let us fervently hope ) forever done with '' .
Lincoln saw that the act of secession made the issue for the Union a vital one : Whether it was a Union of sovereign citizens that should continue to live , or an association of sovereign states that must fall prey either to `` anarchy or despotism '' .
If it is an honest feeling , then why should she not yield to it ? ?
He seemed a little surprised that it should have caused any particular trouble anywhere .
Why should this be so ? ?
Is it not ironical that Roger Williams's state , Rhode Island , should have been the very last of the forty-eight to establish a state university ? ?
As a word of caution , we should be aware that in actual practice no message is purely one of the four types , question , command , statement , or exclamation .
He says : `` beside the Protestant philosophy of Progress , as expressed in radical or conservative millenarianism , should be placed the doctrine of the democratic faith which affirmed it to be the duty of the destiny of the United States to assist in the creation of a better world by keeping lighted the beacon of democracy '' .
Obviously there has been no agreement on what American conservatism is , or rather , what it should be .
Should the accelerating growth of technology then warn us ? ?
Ideally speaking , it should be allowed to operate only where the public has a great stake in the continuity of supply or services , and where the actions of a single proprietor are secondary to the needs of society .
In all other areas , private initiative of the `` proprietorship '' type should be urged to produce the desired goods and services .
Proprietorships should get the tax advantages now accruing to corporations , e.g. the chance to accumulate capital so vital for growth .
Corporations should pay added taxes , to be used for educational purposes ( not necessarily of the formal type ) .
The right to leave legacies should be substantially reduced and ultimately eliminated .
When the proprietor dies , the establishment should become a corporation until it is either acquired by another proprietor or the government decides to drop it .
Strikes should be declared illegal against corporations because disagreements would have to be settled by government representatives acting as controllers of the corporation whose responsibility to the state would now be defined against proprietorship because employees and proprietors must be completely interdependent , as they are each a part of the whole .
Certainly external forces should not be applied arbitrarily out of mere power available to do so .
A successful businessman recently prefaced his address to a luncheon group with the statement that all economists should be sent to the hospitals for the mentally deranged where they and their theories might rot together .
Any attempt to reconcile this statement of the central issue in the campaign of 1956 with the nature of the man who could not conceive it as the central issue will at least resolve our confusions about the chaotic and misleading results of the earnestness of both doctors and President in a situation which should never have arisen .
In this case others should not have had to raise the doubts and fears .
This does not mean that the decision to run for office should inevitably have been revoked .
He borrows the insights of psychology to improve his impaired vision but cannot bring to his work the distinctive vision that should be a novelist's own .
but the basic puzzles of existence would still be puzzling , and we should still have to work out the sort of problems we plan to discuss in this article .
Since the slogans have little application to reality and are sanctimonious to boot , the applause is faint even in areas of the world where we should expect to find the greatest affection for free government .
Should Rousseau have been able to leave room in his social theory for the advent of television , atomic energy , and IBM machines ? ?
Why , for example , should the ancients have supposed the diurnal rotation of the heavens to be elliptical ? ?
But that one should superimpose all these charts , run a pin through the common point , and then scale each planetary deferent larger and smaller ( to keep the epicycles from ' bumping ' ) , this is contrary to any intention Ptolemy ever expresses .
To get an idea of the embarrassment and chagrin that was heaped upon Wright and Olgivanna , we should bear in mind that the raids were sometimes led by Miriam in person .
One should not , of course , pluck the head off a flower and expect its perfume to linger on .
To you , for instance , the word innocence , in this connotation , probably retained its Biblical , or should I say technical sense , and therefore I suppose I must make myself quite clear by saying that I lost -- or rather handed over -- what you would have considered to be my innocence two weeks before I was legally entitled , and in fact by oath required , to hand it over along with what other goods and bads I had .
Just as in the case of every prodigy child , we must watch for the efficacy of my teaching to show up in the future -- if he should master all the strenuous exercises I inflicted on him .
It is my studied conviction that no nation will ever risk general war against us unless we should become so foolish as to neglect the defense forces we now so powerfully support .
How embarrassing it would be if the newly appointed Congregationalist missionaries should suddenly switch their own beliefs in order to embrace Baptist teachings ! !
As for the author of the Englishman , Mrs. Manley sarcastically deplores that the sole defense of the Protestant cause should be left to `` Ridpath , Dick Steele , and their Associates , with the Apostles of Young Man's Coffee-House '' .
If `` Jack the Courtier '' is really to be taken as Swift , the following remark is obviously Steele's comment on Swift's change of parties and its effect on their friendship : `` I assure you , dear Jack , when I first found out such an Allay in you , as makes you of so malleable a Constitution , that you may be worked into any Form an Artificer pleases , I foresaw I should not enjoy your Favour much longer '' .
He reviews Steele's entrance into politics and finds that his present difficulties are due to his habit of attributing to his own abilities and talents achievements which more properly should be credited to the indulgence of his friends .
My reply is that I associate myself with all those who affirm that Gentile-Jewish relations should contribute to the theory and practice of human dignity .
This is in large part a code of behavior and a glossary of values : what is it that people do and should do and how one should regard it .
Both the extent to which this is true and the limits of the field of perceptual skill involved should be acknowledged .
In recent years , we have come increasingly to recognize that ideas have a history and that not the least important chapters of this history have to do with thematic or conceptual aspects of literature and the arts , although these aspects should be studied in conjunction with the history of philosophy , of religion , and of the sciences .
`` I should , of course '' , he said , `` like any other man , be honored and gratified should the Democrats see fit to nominate me .
When Dr. Adenauer was approached by a world citizen delegation to find out his disposition of my case , he gave them his personal approval of my entry , saying that all men advocating peace should be welcomed into Germany .
It stumbled on infantry where no infantry should have been and McPherson's aggressive impulse faded out , overwhelmed by fears of the unknown .
For a delightful drive out of Athens I should recommend Sounion , at the end of the Attic Peninsula .
But because the governor was determined that friendship should not influence him one way or the other , he looked for a printer with a knowledge of the law ( which Woodruff did not have ) , and awarded the contract to a lawyer named John Steele who had started a newspaper in Helena the year before .
This town should not be confused with Pawtucket , just north of Providence , or Pawcatuck , Connecticut , on the Pawcatuck River , opposite Westerly , Rhode Island .
If Gorton wanted peace and quiet for his complicated meditations this is where he should have had it .
The Commissioners at Boston wrote the victims to see their misdeeds and repent or they should `` look upon them as men prepared for slaughter '' .
You may do well to take notice , that besides the title to land between the English and the Indians there , there are twelve of the English that have subscribed their names to horrible and detestable blasphemies , who are rather to be judged as blasphemous than they should delude us by winning time under pretence of arbitration '' .
Promptly their livestock was taken and according to Gorton the soldiers were ordered to knock down anyone who should utter a word of insolence , and run through anyone who might step out of line .
So , because he had received less than Tom , it was felt proper that Fred should receive the few hundred dollars that remained .
Papa , I should emphasize , had been an invalid the last several years of his life ; ;
Perhaps it should have .
In the ideal state , for instance , he argues that the young citizens should hear only the most carefully selected tales and stories .
and the young people should not even be permitted to see comedies till they are old enough to drink strong wine and sit at the public tables .
It should have a dramatic form with pleasing language , and it should portray incidents which so arouse pity and fear that it purges these emotions in the audience .
Aristotle's method in the Poetics , then , does suggest that we should isolate the work .
After complimenting Morgan and the riflemen and saying he was praising them to Congress , too , the ardent Frenchman added he felt that Congress should make some financial restitution to the widow and family of Morris , but that he knew Morgan realized how long such action usually required , if it was done at all .
To the pope , head of the universal Church , to the duke of Burgundy , taking full advantage of his position on the borders of France and of the Empire , or to Othon , who found it quite natural that he should do homage to Edward for Tipperary and to the count of Savoy for Grandson , Flotte's outspoken nationalism was completely incomprehensible .
She was the opposite of everything she should have been -- a positive pole in a negative home , a living reaction of warmth and kindness to the harsh reality of her father .
As a group they should be favorable to a concept of gradual Germanic infiltration although the specialist nature of much of their work , e.g. Seebohm , Gray and Finberg , tends to obscure their sympathies .
Goethe believed that the Germanic spirit , with its grave strength but flagrant streaks of brutality and intolerance , should be tempered with the old sensuous wisdom and humanism of the Hellenic .
On the narrower ground of poetic form , he felt that in the drama of the future the Greek conception of tragic fate should be joined to the Shakespearean vision of tragic will .
The corporation voted on September 27 , 1598 , that Quiney should ride to London about the suit to Sir John Fortescue , chancellor of the Exchequer , for discharging of the tax and subsidy .
When the historian encounters a situation in which he can perceive no visible cause and effect sequence , he should be alert to intuition and unconscious instinct as possible guides .
If the historian was convinced of his own correctness , then he should not allow his vision to become fogged by disturbing facts .
This should not prejudice an evaluation of his findings , but they were not the findings of a completely impartial investigator .
and , since the historian should only be interested in strictly terrestrial activity , his research should eliminate the supernatural .
it was also sacred , `` and no believer in an inspired church could tolerate having her canons examined as we should examine human laws '' .
Of Mark Antony De Wolfe Howe the philosopher Whitehead said the Earth's first visitors to Mars should be persons likely to make a good impression , and when he was asked , `` Whom would you send '' ? ?
I should have replied , `` I probably know something about the best part of you '' .
When he came home from his office at the end of the afternoon , Breasted never knew what gathering he should expect to find , but there almost always was one .
He was of unsettled mind as to whether he should go abroad when the Gantry galleys were finished .
Lewis told him what clothes he should bring along , and enjoined him not to buy anything that he did not already own , they would do that in New York .
But his rancor did not cease , and presently , on March 13 , when he preached a sermon on the text , `` And Ben-hadad Was Drunk '' , he told his congregation how disappointed he was in Mr. Lewis , how he regretted having had him in his house , and how he should have been warned by the fact that the novelist was drunk all the time that he was working on the book .
Blackman said that he wanted to apologize for not having prevented Lewis from making that horrible spectacle of himself , that he should have seized him by the neck at once and forcibly hauled him into his bedroom .
`` And from now on , for the rest of this trip , I will only drink what you agree that I should drink '' .
the mere fact that he was selected , though as a substitute , to act as interlocutor or moderator for it , or perhaps we should say with Buck as ' father of the act ' , is in itself a difficult phase of his development to grasp .
The fact that he nowhere mentioned theatrical performances as part of the activities of the boys later in his hypothetical academy ( 1644 ) should not be taken too seriously as evidence that he desired them to eschew such performances .
-- since , as Courtenay says , `` Nobody should play with lives the way we do unless he's motivated by the highest ideals '' .
At least I should like them to know that I know these discounts are being made .
Life , they say , should be regarded as sacred and , therefore , as something that neither an individual nor his society has a right to take away .
Should no murderer ever be executed '' ? ?
and it should be far better known than it is .
New machinery of coordination should not be our primary objective in the foreseeable future -- though perhaps the `` political general staff '' of Western leaders proposed by Sir Anthony Eden would serve a useful purpose .
A `` concert of free nations '' should take its inspiration from the traditions of the nineteenth century Concert of Europe with its common values and accepted `` rules of the game '' .
( It is sort of as if our government should decide to disown Washington or Lincoln for the same reason .
At the other end of the spectrum , where the more advanced countries can be relied upon to make well thought through decisions as to project priorities within a consistent program , we should be prepared to depart substantially from detailed project approval as the basis for granting assistance and to move toward long-term support , in cooperation with other developed countries , of the essential foreign exchange requirements of the country's development program .
It is vitally important that the new U.S. aid program should encourage all of them , since the main thrust for development must come from the less developed countries themselves .
U.S. aid , therefore , should increasingly be designed to provide incentives for countries to take the steps that only they themselves can take .
Even in these cases we should promote self-help by making it clear that our supporting assistance is subject to reduction and ultimately to termination .
The extent to which we can persuade the less developed countries to appraise their own resources , to set targets toward which they should be working , to establish in the light of this forward perspective the most urgent priorities for their immediate attention , and to do the other things which they must do to help themselves , all on a realistic long-term basis , will depend importantly on the incentives we place before them .
Meaningful policies include : ( A ) kinds of cars the state should own , ( B ) when cars should be traded , ( C ) the need and assignment of vehicles , ( D ) use of cars in lieu of mileage allowances , ( E ) employees taking cars home , and ( F ) need for liability insurance on state automobiles .
It should be enough to say that the practice of the state buying automobiles is at least forty years old .
Pool records reveal in detail the cost per mile and miles per gallon of each vehicle , the miles traveled in one year or three years , the periods when vehicle costs become excessive , and when cars should be traded for sound economies .
Recognizing the truth of the statement by the Institute of Public Administration that `` Metropolian Planning ( in Rhode Island ) means , or should mean , state planning '' , the state guide plan will take into account the metropolitan nature of many of Rhode Island's problems .
However , a word should be mentioned in regard to them as independent units of government .
In any event it is a form of borrowing which could be and should be rendered unnecessary .
It should be noted that there are other and equally important reasons for establishing meaningful intergovernmental reporting bases on a uniform fiscal year .
It should be kept in mind that the ease or difficulty with which a town or city can convert to the proposed plan is directly dependent upon the financial condition of that town or city .
It should be emphasized strongly that adjustments in fiscal dates or adoption of interim budgets do not necessarily mean financing over and above normal governmental requirements .
now , therefore , do I , John A. Notte , Jr. , governor of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations , proclaim Saturday , May 20th , 1961 , as Armed Forces Day , reminding our citizens that we should rededicate ourselves to our Nation , respecting the uniforms as the guardians of our precious liberty .
and now , therefore , do I , John A. Notte , Jr. , Governor of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations , proclaim the week of Monday , November 13 , 1961 , as the State Ballet of Rhode Island Week , requesting all Rhode Islanders to give special attention to this unusual event which should contribute to the cultural life of the State .
It is at this time that we should imitate the Pilgrims by accompanying our prayers of thanks with the conviction that we shall continue to be in dire need for the Lord's protection in the future , if we are to have peace ; ;
Very small concentrations of these hydrides should be detectable ; ;
I should like at this time , Mr. Speaker , to pay warm tribute to Arthur Hays Sulzberger and Charles Merz on the occasion of their retirement from distinguished careers in American journalism .
They could be sent to U.S. ports for rulings whether cargo should be confiscated .
If they are used , the walls and roof should be 10 inches thick to give the same protection as the 8-inch solid concrete blocks .
It should provide not less than 5 cubic feet per minute of air per person .
A flashlight or electric lantern also should be available for those periods when a brighter light is needed .
There should be a regular electrical outlet in the shelter as power may continue in many areas .
-- If there are outside windows in the basement corner where you build a shelter , they should be shielded as shown in the Appendix , page 29 .
Other basement windows should be blocked when an emergency threatens .
Basement walls that project above the ground should be shielded as shown in the Appendix , page 29 .
In these shelters the entrance should be not more than 2 feet wide .
Therefore , civil defense instructions received over CONELRAD or by other means should be followed .
You should be prepared to stay in your shelter full time for at least several days and to make it your home for 14 days or longer .
They should provide for simple recreation .
There should be a task for everyone and these tasks should be rotated .
Part of the family should be sleeping while the rest is awake .
A record should be kept of the information and instructions , including the time and date of broadcast .
Blowers should be operated periodically on a regular schedule .
However , as much time as possible should be spent within the shelter to hold radiation exposure to a minimum .
After the family has settled in the shelter , the housekeeping rules should be spelled out by the adult in charge .
Water rationing will be difficult and should be planned carefully .
Open-flame heating or cooking should be avoided .
The central area of the ground floor of a heavily constructed apartment building , with concrete floors , should provide more fallout protection than the ordinary basement of a family dwelling .
It is not a medieval mental quirk or an attitude `` unnourished by sense '' to believe that husbands and wives should not be subjected to such a risk , or that such a possibility should not be permitted to endanger the confidentiality of the marriage relationship .
We found in Gonzales v. United States , supra , that this was the controlling reason why copies of the recommendation should be furnished a registrant .
With this enlarged role in mind , I should like to make a few suggestions : What we in the United States do or do not do will make a very large difference in what happens in the rest of the world .
Who should be consulted among his colleagues in the Department or other departments and agencies of the Government ? ?
Should the action be unilateral or multilateral ? ?
If we sit here reading editorials and looking at public-opinion polls and other reports that cross our desks , we should realize that this is raw , undigested opinion expressed in the absence of leadership .
While there should be no general age limit or restriction to one sex , there will be particular projects requiring special maturity and some open only to men or to women .
The Peace Corps should not pay the expenses of a wife or family , unless the wife is also accepted for full-time Peace Corps work on the same project .
There should be no draft exemption because of Peace Corps service .
Peace Corps volunteers obviously should not be paid what they might earn in comparable activities in the United States .
The guiding principle indeed should not be anything like compensation for individual services .
Rather the principle should be akin to that of the allowance .
Peace Corps volunteers should be given just enough to provide a minimum decent standard of living .
They should live in modest circumstances , avoiding all conspicuous consumption .
Wherever possible they should live with their host country counterparts .
For readjustment to the U.S. , volunteers should be given some separation allowance at the end of their overseas service , based on the length of time served .
In what part of the government should the Peace Corps be established ? ?
For this , the Peace Corps should be administered by a small , new , alive agency operating as one component in our whole overseas operation .
Pending the reorganization of our foreign aid structure and program , the Peace Corps should be established as an agency in the Department of State .
When the aid operations are reorganized the Peace Corps should remain a semi-autonomous , functional unit .
How and when should the Peace Corps be launched ? ?
The Peace Corps should be launched soon so that the opportunity to recruit the most qualified people from this year's graduating classes will not be lost .
Nor should we lose the opportunity to use this summer for training on university campuses .
In the first year there should probably be considerable emphasis on teaching projects .
The first year's projects should also be spread through several countries in Latin America , Africa and Asia .
We should hope that peace corps projects will be truly international and that our citizens will find themselves working alongside citizens of the host country and also volunteers from other lands .
In any case , our Peace Corps personnel should be offered as technician helpers in development projects of the U.N. and other international agencies .
Congress should then be asked to give the Peace Corps a firm legislative foundation for the next fiscal year .
Specifically , Congress should consider authorizing the Peace Corps to receive contributions from American businesses , unions , civic organizations and the public at large .
An Advisory Council of outstanding public figures with experience in world affairs should be formed to give the program continuing guidance and to afford a focal point for public understanding .
Steps should also be taken to link the Food for Peace Program with the Peace Corps , so that foreign currencies accumulated by the sale of U.S. surplus food under P.L. 480 can be put to use to pay some of the host country expenses of Peace Corps personnel .
The extent to which participating bodies such as U. S. voluntary agencies , universities , international organizations , and the host country or institutions in the host country can and should share the cost of the Peace Corps programs must be fully explored .
Continuation of present blister rust control work plus extension of control to 250,000 acres not now protected but which should be managed for white pine production .
About 80 percent of these long-range requirements should be met by the year 2000 .
Similar restrictions on the strength of the Army National Guard contained in the 1960 Department of Defense Appropriation Act should likewise be dropped .
By that time we should be in a much better position to determine the value of that aircraft as a weapon system .
It was determined that the hours of sunrise and sunset , respectively , should be used for this purpose .
Essentially , the question presented for decision in the present Daytime Skywave proceeding is whether our decision ( in 1938-1939 ) to assign stations on the basis of daytime conditions from sunrise to sunset , is sound as a basis for AM allocations , or whether , in the light of later developments and new understanding , skywave transmission is of such significance during the hours immediately before sunset and after sunrise that this condition should be taken into account , and some stations required to afford protection to other stations during these hours .
If you elect to use the Standard Deduction or the Tax Table , and later find you should have itemized your deductions , you may do so by filing an amended return within the time prescribed for filing a claim for refund .
The same is true if you have itemized your deductions and later decide you should have used the Standard Deduction or Tax Table .
The words amended return should be plainly written across the top of such return .
In such a case , Form 1310 should be completed and attached to the return .
You should make any request for an extension early so that if it is refused , your return may still be on time .
If your computation on Form 1040 or Form 1040A shows you owe additional tax , it should be remitted with your return unless you owe less than $1 , in which case it is forgiven .
If payment is by cash , you should ask for a receipt .
This bill should be paid within 30 days .
All checks and money orders should be made payable to Internal Revenue Service .
An overpayment of income and social security taxes entitles you to a refund unless you indicate on the return that the overpayment should be applied to your succeeding year's estimated tax .
If you file a Form 1040 , you should indicate in the place provided that there is an overpayment of tax and the amount you want refunded and the amount you want credited against your estimated tax .
If you have neither a legal residence nor a principal place of business in any Internal Revenue district , your return should be filed with the District Director of Internal Revenue , Baltimore 2 , Md. .
If your principal place of abode for the tax year is outside the United States ( including Alaska and Hawaii ) , Puerto Rico , or the Virgin Islands and you have no legal residence or principal place of business in any Internal Revenue district in the United States , you should file your return with the Office of International Operations , Internal Revenue Service , Washington 25 , D.C. .
And lest we should become too consistent , in the sense of becoming heedless of new fields of scholarship and new points of view in the arts , the Foundation's Board of Trustees maintains a trickle -- not a flow ! !
and it is to be noted also that confidence should grow from remembering that great men often appeared in the past to turn local catastrophe into future good for all mankind .
The potential market for the machine should be comparable to that of the Unifil loom winder .
Operations in the new plant should be producing efficiently early in 1962 .
Inventories increased $625,561 to $8,313,514 during the year and should decline in coming months .
I would expect that sales at retail in the first half of 1961 might be below 1960 by some 10 - 15% but that second-half levels should show a favorable comparison , with a possibility of quite strong demand late in the year if business conditions recover as some recent forecasts suggest they will .
sales should slightly exceed 1960 , however , and reach $1.9 billion .
This is now a $1.0 billion business , up from $0.9 billion in 1959 , and should reach $1.1 billion in 1961 .
Sales of passive components , such as capacitors and resistors , although not growing as fast as those of semi-conductors were ahead of 1959 this year , and should increase again in 1961 .
The academic dean should take a direct , long-term interest in faculty development .
To avoid passing over quiet , unaggressive teachers as well as to decide whether others merit promotion , review of the right of faculty members to promotion or salary increases should be made periodically whether or not they have been recommended for advancement by their departments .
He should personally consider the potential of a faculty member proposed for tenure , to guard against the mistake of making this profoundly serious commitment turn solely upon the man's former achievements .
A true university , like most successful marriages , is a unity of diversities Without forcing all components into a single pattern , the preparation of a master plan is an opportunity to consider interrelation of knowledge at its highest level , which a university -- in contrast to a multiversity -- should stand for .
It should sternly appraise curricula , faculty , organization , buildings , faculty work loads , and potential for growth in stature and size .
its principal features should be a product of his most considered judgment .
Because scientific instruction and research involve increasingly large sums of money , an institution should choose its fields of prominence .
The president should find strong subordinates and delegate the widest discretion to them .
Just as the entire faculty should know the president's educational philosophy and objectives , so should non-academic officers .
Observations of the radio emission of a planet which has an extensive atmosphere will probe the atmosphere to a greater extent than those using shorter wave lengths and should in some cases give otherwise unobtainable information about the characteristics of the solid surface .
In spite of this , the very large radio reflectors and improved amplifying techniques which are now becoming available should make it possible to observe the radio emission of most of the planets in a few years .
Since the absorption of radio waves in rocklike material varies with wave length , it should be possible to sample the temperature variation at different depths beneath the surface and possibly detect changes in the structure or composition of the lunar surface material .
It should be possible , however , to put useful limits on the diameters of the radio sources by observing with large reflectors or with interferometers .
The apparent black-body disk temperature is the temperature which must be assumed for the black body in order that the intensity of its radiation should equal that of the observed radiation .
The radio radiation of the sun which is reflected from the moon and planets should be negligible compared with their thermal emission at centimeter wave lengths , except possibly at times of exceptional outbursts of solar radio noise .
Sintered porous metals should be usable in principle .
The heat losses of the holder were to be reduced as far as possible and they should be such that an accurate heat balance can be made .
The reflection of radiation originating from the anode holder and reflected back to it by the surrounding metal surfaces should also be small because of the peculiar characteristic of the metal surfaces and of the specific geometry .
There is one exception to the above statement as has been pointed out , and that is that fluids can relax by flowing into fields of lower rates of shear , so the statement should be modified by stating that the mechanics are similar .
From this and the force of deformation it should be possible to calculate the elastic energy of deformation which should be equal to the Af calculated from the pressure normal to the shearing face .
There is another means which should show the direction and relative value of the stresses in viscoelastic fluids that is not mentioned as such in the literature , and that is the shape of the suspended drops of low viscosity fluids in shear fields .
It would appear that it should be possible to determine unique mechanisms for the thermal and photochemical reactions in both the liquid and gas phases and to determine values for activation energies of some of the intermediate reactions of atoms and free radicals , as well as information on the heat of dissociation of the carbon-halogen bond .
It should be possible to prepare very pure chlorine by oxidation of inorganic chlorides on a vacuum system followed by multiple distillation of the liquid .
It should be possible to free carbon tetrachloride of any interfering substances by the usual purification methods followed by prechlorination prior to addition of radioactive chlorine .
if a substantial fraction of the dust is orbiting about the Earth , only about one third the above-mentioned average velocity should be used in deriving the mass .
Of course , if there is a dust blanket around the Earth , the fluxes in interplanetary space should be less than the figures given here .
This suggests that the sampling period , particularly at the more distant locations , should have been increased .
In this connection it should be capable of being disseminated without excessive destruction .
Moreover , it should not be so fastidious in its growth requirements as to make production on a militarily significant scale improbable .
It should be no more difficult to deliver such devices than other weapons .
The same delivery vehicles -- whether they be airplanes , submarines or guided missiles -- should be usable .
If it is possible for an enemy to put an atomic bomb on a city , it should be equally possible to put a cloud of biological agent over that city .
yet the water in the ground should not be stagnant either .
One female , collected on an island off the coast of Nicaragua , was gravid and measured 4 feet 8 inches from snout to vent ( her tail should be between 6 and 7 inches long ) .
Within certain wide limits anatomy dictates function and , if one is permitted to speculate , potential pathology should be included in this statement as well .
In other words , the anastomoses between the bronchial artery and pulmonary artery should be considered as functional or demand shunts .
Also , for the present , great caution should be exercised in the choice of an experimental animal for pulmonary studies if they are to be applied to man .
Accordingly , maturity level ratings by means of the upper portion and lower portion of the Chart , respectively , should be somewhat similar since Skeletal Age assessments are dependent upon Onsets during infancy and upon Completions during adolescence .
We should like to re-emphasise the importance of stating results solely in terms of international units of TSH activity and of avoiding the re-introduction of biological units .
It should be added that in man neocortical-hypothalamic interrelations probably play a role in the fusion of emotional processes with those underlying perception , memory , imagination , and creativity .
Before we comment further on these pathological conditions , we should remember that changes in the state of the hypothalamus within physiological limits distinguish sleep from wakefulness .
Important as these differences are , they should not obscure the basic fact that by shifting the hypothalamic balance sufficiently to the parasympathetic side , we produce depressions , whereas a shift in the opposite direction causes excitatory effects and , eventually , maniclike changes .
For the interpretation of these significant investigations , it should be remembered that reciprocal relations exist in the hypothalamus with respect to autonomic and somatic functions which are closely associated with the emotions .
The reader should be familiar enough with projections by now so that he sees that Af and in general that Af .
In concluding this section , we should like to give an example which illustrates some of the ideas of the primary decomposition theorem .
What probabilities should be attached to these possible outcomes ? ?
Our central goal should be to provide the greatest positive incentive for these societies to tackle boldly the tasks which they face .
At the same time , we should recognize that the obstacles to change and the lack of cohesion and stability which characterize these countries may make them particularly prone to diversions and external adventures of all sorts .
We should do what we can to discourage this conclusion , both by offering assistance for their domestic needs and by reacting firmly to irresponsible actions on the world scene .
When necessary , we should make it clear that countries which choose to derive marginal advantages from the cold war or to exploit their potential for disrupting the security of the world will not only lose our sympathy but also risk their own prospects for orderly development .
American policy should press constantly the view that until these governments demand efficiency and effectiveness of their bureaucracies there is not the slightest hope that they will either modernize of democratize their societies .
We should spread the view that planning and national development are serious matters which call for effort as well as enthusiasm .
Above all , we should seek to encourage the leaders of these societies to accept the unpleasant fact that they are responsible for their fates .
Our technical assistance to these countries should place special emphasis on inducing the central governments to assume the role of advisor and guide which at an earlier stage foreign experts assumed in dealing with the central governments .
We should encourage the governments to develop their own technical assistance to communities , state and provincial governments , rural communities , and other smaller groups , making certain that no important segment of the economy is neglected .
Simultaneously we should be underlining the interrelationships of technical progress in various fields , showing how agricultural training can be introduced into education , how health affects labor productivity , how small business can benefit the rural farm community , and , above all , how progress in each field relates to national progress .
It should be American policy not only to encourage effective land reform programs but also to underline the relation of such reforms to the economic growth and modernization of the society .
It should also be recognized that the problem of rural tenancy cannot be solved by administrative decrees alone .
Thus , although the agenda of external assistance in the economic sphere are cumulative , and many of the policies suggested for nations in the earlier stages remain relevant , the basic purpose of American economic policy during the later stages of development should be to assure that movement into a stage of self-sustaining growth is not prevented by lack of foreign exchange .
American policy toward such societies should stress our sympathy for the emerging social and professional classes .
It should attempt to communicate both an appreciation of professional standards and an understanding of the tremendous powers and potentialities of genuinely open and pluralistic societies .
Religion usually acts as a powerful aid in social control , enforcing what men should or should not do .
Having outlined an approach to the theory and practice of preventive casework , we now address ourselves to our final question : What place should brief , crisis-oriented preventive casework occupy in our total spectrum of services ? ?
We should first recognize our tendency to develop a hierarchy of values , locating brief treatment at the bottom and long-term intensive service at the top , instead of seeing the services as part of a continuum , each important in its own right .
Ideally , brief treatment should be arrived at as a treatment of choice rather than as a treatment of chance .
Further research in the meaning of crises as experienced by the consumers of traditional social casework services -- including attempts to develop a typology of family structures , crisis problems , reaction mechanisms , and differential treatment approaches -- and the establishment of new experimental programs are imperative social needs which should command the best efforts of caseworkers in collaboration with community planners .
Before considering more recent activities , we should note another important aspect of demography in Belgian Africa .
In fact , they went so far as to caution the writer that if he attempted to design a section exclusively for married students there should be , at the beginning , some `` hindsight '' study ; ;
For example , the steering committee might announce that the group felt a topic under study should not be dropped for an additional week as there was still too much of it untouched .
This occurred in spite of the rational awareness that the ball should be going downhill .
Yet they were not so bound by past experience and constriction as to deny their immediate perceptions and to be dominated by their knowledge of what the experience should be .
The predicted interaction effect should , if potent , extend its influence over all academic achievement .
One should keep in mind that many of the exciting possiblities of roleplaying are largely unexplored and have not been used in industry to the extent that they have been in military and other areas .
Hence , when the address Af is computed from Af , the cell Af and all Y-cells in its chain must be inspected to determine whether Af is already in the form list or whether it should be added to the form list and the chain .
We should expect that general phonologic theory should be as adequate for tone as for consonants and vowels , but it has not been .
His formula will have to be weighed , may be altered or improved , and it should be tested on additional bodies of material .
If adjectival meanings show relatively low retentiveness of stems , as I am confident will prove to be the case in most languages of the world , why should our basic lists include 15 per cent of these unstable forms , but only 8 per cent of animals and plants which replace much more slowly ? ?
The most important quality of the meanings is that they should be as definable as possible .
and they should be given priority in the basic list as long as they continue to show these qualities .
If of the founders of glottochronology Swadesh has escaped our steady plodding , and Lees has repudiated his own share in the founding , that is no reason why we should swerve .
There is no apparent reason why we should feel bound by Swadesh's rules and procedure since his predilections and aims have grown so vast .
Doubtless it was inevitable that differences of opinion should arise about the methods for applying these policies .
It was nevertheless almost incredible that four years after Yalta there should be a complete split over Germany , with hot heads on both sides planning to use the Germans against their former allies , and with Nazi-minded Germans expecting to recover their power by fighting on one side or the other .
Yet after long and earnest discussion Stalin accepted the Curzon Line and even agreed voluntarily that there should be digressions from that line of five to eight kilometers in favor of Poland in some regions .
Believing devoutly as they did in Anglo-Saxon institutions , it was important to both Roosevelt and Churchill that the Poles should have them .
The result was an agreement that the Lublin Government should be `` reorganized on a broader democratic basis with the inclusion of democratic leaders from Poland itself and from the Poles abroad '' , and pledged to hold `` free and unfettered elections as soon as possible on the basis of universal suffrage and secret ballot '' .
It is in Russia's interest that Poland should be strong and powerful , in a position to shut the door of this corridor by her own force .
It is necessary that Poland should be free , independent in power .
Later it developed that the Soviets had a very different interpretation of democracy , which will be discussed later , and their judgment never told them that the Big Three should unite in establishing democratic conditions , as we understand them , within their zone of influence .
Unemployed older workers who have no expectation of securing employment in the occupation in which they are skilled should be able to secure counseling and retraining in an occupation with a future .
An extension of this program into the other distressed areas should be undertaken .
If only state funds were used to pay for the vocational education , it could be argued that the state should not have to bear the cost of vocational training which would benefit employers in other states .
On the other hand , in a more favorable vein , general business activity should receive some stimulus from rising Federal spending , and the reduction in business inventories has probably run a good part of its course .
However , as witnessed by the large corporate bond calendar at present , as well as the record amount of municipal bond issues approved by voters , the over-all demands for capital funds seem likely to remain high , so that any downward pressure on rates from reduced demand should not be great .
By the end of the spring of 1961 , assuming that a general business recovery gets under way , interest rates should begin to edge upward again , depending upon the vigor of the recovery and the determination with which the monetary authorities move to restrain credit availability .
During the Sixties we have the prospect of a significant stepping up in the rate of household formations , which should contribute to a rising volume of consumer expenditures and home building .
Accordingly , the expanding markets for consumer goods and housing occasioned by the higher rate of household formation should enhance the general economic prospects of the Sixties .
However , the impact of a rising rate of household formation this decade should not be exaggerated .
It seems likely that with the three preceding forces at play , the rate of business and industrial plant and equipment expenditures should continue to move upward from the levels of the Fifties .
Spurred by keen competition in our industrial system , and still further increases in the funds devoted to industrial research , plant and equipment expenditures by business and industry should rise during the decade .
Markets should become more competitive as consumers become more selective .
We are abstracting from the fact of strikes here , but it should be obvious that the extent to which the public-limit price is raised by a given increase in the basic wage rate is also a function of the show of resistance put up by the industry .
Disagreement on the amount of productivity increase exacerbates the problem of agreeing how an increase in profit margins related to a productivity increase should be shared .
The Court held that federal jurisdiction should not be exercised lest the domestic policy of the state be obstructed ; ;
A careful student has suggested that `` In any new revision ( of the Judicial Code ) the legislators would do well to remember that the allocation of power to the federal courts should be limited to those matters in which their expertise in federal law might be used , leaving to the state judiciaries the primary obligation of pronouncing state law '' .
It is not contended that section 381 should prescribe the survival of all of the transferor's tax attributes .
Revenue Ruling 54-17 provides that if the corporation against which a tax was assessed has since been liquidated by merger with a successor corporation , a claim for refund should be filed by the successor in the name and on behalf of the corporation which paid the tax , followed by the name of the successor corporation .
In the rare case where a corporation's only substantial asset , or its most important one , is a claim for refund , perhaps its transfer should not be permitted , whether the reorganization takes the form of a statutory merger or of the acquisition of assets for stock .
There may be certain items which are quite similar to a net operating loss carryover or operating deficit and whose right to survive a reorganization should perhaps be subject to the conditions applicable to those items .
Since this type of item was not in the statute when section 381 was enacted in 1954 , one cannot say with certainty what effect the enactment of that section should have .
The growers have strenuously argued that I should have accepted the Superior Court decisions as conclusive and issued statewide instructions to our staff to ignore this provision in the Secretary's Regulation .
Should it be defined in a narrow sense to include only such elements as job specifications , union membership , union jurisdiction , and the like ? ?
Or should it have a broader connotation of including wage demands and other factors not necessarily associated with the mechanics of `` filling '' the job .
Why the teacher should study the individual pupil
What they should recognize is that children who have been placed in one of these groups on a narrow academic basis still differ widely in attributes that influence success , and that they still must be treated as individuals .
This is a problem , and I believe there is little difference of opinion that wherever possible a local school board should devise and effect a plan of desegregation .
not whether it should be done .
In large cities like Baltimore , Louisville , and Washington , D.C. , should school desegregation be extended to all-Negro and all-white schools by assigning white and Negro teachers , respectively ? ?
Or should we argue that if we want adjustment of children to children of different races and that that is impossible in an all-something-or-the-other school , we must at least provide him some opportunity to adjust to people of another race within the school -- namely , to a teacher of another race .
Should Congress authorize the Attorney General to file suit to accomplish admission of a child to a school to which he is denied entrance ? ?
Even though in civil rights legislation in 1957 and 1960 the provision for the Attorney General to act was eliminated , should we nevertheless support such a clause ? ?
Should we support a clause in Federal school construction or school assistance legislation that would deny Federal funds to a school district that denies admission to a child on account of his race ? ?
Should a political subdivision , state or county or municipality , be required to furnish public education ? ?
Is public education in this American democracy of such importance that no child should be denied public education ? ?
If people don't want to provide public education , should they be forced to do so ? ?
Should the requirement , which must therefore be Federal in nature , be legislated by the United States Congress ? ?
Must or should the Federal government help ? ?
Should the government directly provide education for the children who want public education ? ?
They generally vote so as to serve their own constituency , and if the constituency should be solidly middle class or solidly lower class , they might be expected to vote and work for middle- or for lower-class interests in education .
This might be said to be an upper- or an upper-middle-class bias , but the Commission published as one of its staff studies a book by Byron S. Hollingshead entitled Who Should Go To College ? ?
One such disagreement , which will receive attention in this next chapter , concerns the question whether rates for different kinds of service , in order to avoid the attribute of discrimination , must be made directly proportional to marginal costs , or whether they should be based instead on differences in marginal costs .
But in any event , full credit should be given to the Cost Section for its express and overt recognition of a vital distinction too often ignored in utility-cost analyses : namely , that between a cost allocation designed to reflect the actual behavior of costs in response to changes in rates of output of different classes of utility service ; ;
There are obvious reasons of convenience for this practice of excluding `` cost of capital '' from the direct apportionment of annual costs among the different classes of service -- notably , the avoidance of the controversial question what rate of return should be held to constitute `` cost of capital '' or `` fair rate of return '' .
) Whatever philosophy is conceived to be , its rationalist , logistic attitude to evidence should make it clear that it is something other than science .
The functional interplay of philosophy and science should , as a minimum , guarantee a meaningful option to myth-making .
But before discussing it , I should like to record one vote of thanks to them for the clarity with which they have stated their case .
As we think of the long and excruciating pain it must have suffered , we are very likely to say : `` It was a bad thing that the little animal should suffer so '' .
Indeed , we should say , on the contrary , that the accident of our later discovery made no difference whatever to the badness of the animal's pain , that it would have been every whit as bad whether a chance passer-by happened later to discover the body and feel repugnance or not .
It removes our present expression and shows that the badness we meant would not be affected by this , whereas on positivist grounds it should be .
It ideally removes the past event , and shows that this would render false what we mean to say , whereas on positivist grounds it should not .
If anyone asked us , after we made the remark that the suffering was a bad thing , whether we should think it relevant to what we said to learn that the incident had never occurred and no pain had been suffered at all , we should say that it made all the difference in the world , that what we were asserting to be bad was precisely the suffering we thought had occurred back there , that if this had not occurred , there was nothing left to be bad , and that our assertion was in that case mistaken .
If we did not mean to say this , why should we be so relieved on finding that the suffering had not occurred ? ?
When we repeat the remark that such suffering was a bad thing , the feeling with which we made it last week may be at or near the vanishing point , but if we were asked whether we meant to say what we did before , we should certainly answer Yes .
We should say that we made our point with feeling the first time and little or no feeling the second time , but that it was the same point we were making .
If we were asked why we thought so , we should say that these things involve great evil and are wrong , and that to take delight in what is evil or wrong is plainly unfitting .
The growing contacts between Aegean and Orient are also a phase which should be linked primarily to the remarkable broadening of Hellenic culture after 750 .
Increasing threats on his life finally convinced Cook that he should leave New Mexico .
That a writer who is gay cannot be serious is a common professional illusion , sedulously fostered by all too many academics who mistakenly believe that their frivolous efforts should be taken seriously because they are expressed with that dreary solemnity which is the only mode of expression their authors are capable of .
We should think of it more as an act of justice than compassion '' .
The Woonsocket Patriot admitted that John Brown might deserve punishment or imprisonment `` but he should no more be hung than Henry A. Wise or James Buchanan '' .
it removes forever from the tax rolls property which should be taxed to pay for the city services .
There should be no reason to misinterpret or ignore the intent of this letter .
This gave her an opportunity to ring down the curtain with the petulant admonition that we should not presume to lecture her on Abstraction .
Our presence here should also be considered further , sincere evidence of the attempts by our people and their chosen government to seek any and all possible ways to effect closer , peaceful ties among all people .
In stating this position , we should like to make it clear to you that we cannot expect artists and intellectuals in other lands to share our opinion in every respect .
Fromm also cites a poll on attitudes toward work restriction conducted by the Opinion Research Corporation in 1945 , in which 49 per cent of manual workers said a man ought to turn out as much as he could in a day's work , while 41 per cent said he should not do his best but should turn out only the average amount .
'' He finds it equally `` remarkable that their critical diagnosis and prognosis should have so much in common among themselves and with the critics of the twentieth century '' .
It may seem strange that a poet should come to full fruition in his seventies , but we have it on Hardy's own authority that `` he was a child till he was sixteen , a youth till he was five-and-twenty , and a young man till he was nearly fifty '' ( Early Life , p. 42 ) .
This is one difference between Bird and Dylan which should be pointed out .
Uninhibited lyricism should be distinguished from its exact opposite -- the sterile , extraneous invention of the corn-belt metaphysicals , or present blight of poetic professors .
These entries should normally appear at the beginning of the program or immediately following each LITORIGIN statement .
Extreme caution should be used , however , to avoid the conflicting usage of an index word or electronic switch which may result from the assignment of more than one name or function to the same address .
Declarative statements are never executed in the object program and should be separated from the program instruction area , placed preferably at its beginning or end .
The major postwar development is the certainty that these elements should not be considered singly but in combination and as being mutually supporting .
Before considering these elements in more detail , an additional requirement should be stated .
Therefore , because reduction in tasks results in reduction of forces required , the plan should provide for expanding area coverage .
But it must be remembered that the plan should not be oriented geographically .
Variations in sound velocity should be measured rather than temperature , because more of the variables would be encompassed .
In an over-all ASW concept , dependence on and effort expended for such systems should be limited to those with proven capabilities .
No general installation should be made until a model installation has been proved and its maximum capability determined .
In addition , proposals for fixed installations should be carefully weighed against a counterpart mobile system .
Fixed installations will always lack the flexibility that should be inherent in naval systems .
The second edition should have greater uniformity .
It should be recalled that these three mechanisms can occur on the same coating deposited upon the same substrate merely as a function of changes in coatings thickness .
Why should the `` practical adhesion '' of a coating as assessed by a knife method change , initially increasing rather rapidly and then decreasing stepwise to very low values as the knife is forced through a coating of increasing thickness ? ?
If the cutting force , Af , is plotted against film thickness , a straight line should result passing through the origin and having slope Af .
Critical measurements in length and width directions should be taken before and after washing , drying , and restorative procedures .
It should be noted , however , that the paraxial resolution is quite similar for both electron optical systems .
The numerical aperture should be in general close to unity .
The same consideration should govern the choice of the second-stage phosphor screen for matching with the spectral sensitivity of the ultimate sensor ( e.g. , photographic emulsion ) .
It should be noted that photoluminescence , due to `` Bremsstrahlung '' generated within the viewing screen by electron impact , appears to be important only if anode voltages in excess of 30 KV are utilized .
If we consider a process in which the outcome of one stage is known before passage to the next , then the principle of optimality shows that the policy in subsequent stages should be optimal with respect to the outcome of the first .
`` Perhaps you should get out a little '' .
When you disliked or distrusted a man , you should have a reason .
Therefore , he decided he was unfair to the young man and should make an effort to understand and sympathize with his point of view .
Meanwhile , the city itself should be talked to .
Why should a white hotel be set down in the center of Black Bottom ? ?
I don't understand why a white hotel should be down here '' .
he knew he should get to Cap , but he didn't know how .
That's how it should be .
Why should I be spinning just because the goddamn log is spinning ? ?
Why should he be concerned ? ?
Rousseau is so persuasive that Voltaire is almost convinced that he should burn his books , too .
That after all his years of effort to become a composer , he should now , now when he was still stoutly replying to the critics of his Discourse on the Arts and Sciences , be so close to a success in music and have to reject it .
Duclos understood what was bothering Rousseau : that the writer of the Prosopopoeia of Fabricius should now become known as the writer of an amusing little operetta .
And listening to such a conversation one morning while taking a cup of chocolate in a cafe , Rousseau found himself bathed in perspiration , trembling lest his authorship become known , and at the same time dreaming of the startling effect he would make if he should proclaim himself suddenly as the composer .
Now , if you don't mind , I should like to hear my own piece performed '' .
He trembled lest his piece should fail .
And even deeper than that : his fear lest in this closed hall he should suddenly itch to relieve himself .
Cousin Joshua and some others felt that we should march toward Lexington and take up new positions ahead of the slow-moving British column , but another group maintained that we should stick to this spot and this section of road .
`` If William agrees , we should insist on a public debate '' , he said at length .
`` Y'all should have let me take that money out '' , Andrus said .
H'all should have let me do it '' .
I should have '' .
it took them over an hour to get back to the station where they should have changed , in order to take the line that went to the Place Redoute .
They weren't as well paid as they should have been .
`` I should say about a hundred thousand '' , Fletcher said .
She concluded by asking him to name another hour should this one be inconvenient .
There are , he thought , so few true means of forgetfulness in this life that why should he shun the medicine even when the medicine seemed , as it did , a little crude ? ?
I should be obliged if you could make other arrangements for your daughters .
You may stay as long as you wish , of course , but if arranging for the care of the girls must take time into account , I think a day or two should be enough to finish our business in '' .
Why should I ? ?
It should have been nearly as easy for her to remember that as it was for Big Hans to remember going after the axe while he was still spattered with Pa's yellow sick insides .
he had found his style quite early in his career and he thought it quite wonderful that the world admired it , and he could not imagine why he should alter it .
I had no idea of what subjects one discussed when alone with a girl , or how one behaved : Should I hold her hand while walking or only when crossing the street ? ?
Should I bring along a corsage or send one to her ? ?
Should I accompany her to the door of her home , or should I ask to be invited in ? ?
In or out , should I kiss her goodnight ? ?
`` Why should I ? ?
It suddenly seemed very important to me that Mary Jane Brennan should know the truth about me -- that I was not the confused , sick , irresponsible person she believed me to be .
It seemed the most important thing in my life at this moment that she should know the real truth about me .
I grinned at him , handed him a couple of dollars and said , `` By the time you get the parking charge figured up , there should be a cigar in it for you '' .
If he does , it's still better than an even chance he won't notice the transposition of the numbers , and if he should notice it , the thing can be passed off as an honest mistake .
There are three soft-drink vending machines , and if you should be joined by -- anybody -- try to keep things quiet , if you will .
`` Good figures should be kept in hand '' , she said , and walked away with an exaggerated wiggle .
When it was finally pointed east , he said , `` You should never have come out here alone .
That wasn't too far from Fifth Street , and should allow him to make Scotty's Bar by midnight .
You should complain '' .
This was going to be it now , any second , and what he had to remember was to keep his eye on the razor , no matter what , even if Roberts should feint with a kick to the groin , the deadly hand was his exclusive concern .
A clerk in the outer office took him in to Sheriff Carruthers , a big , paunchy man with thick , white hair and a voice with a senatorial resonance which suggested he should be running for higher office .
It was nothing that he said or did , but it seemed so natural to her that she should be working for him , looking forward to his eventual proposal .
Skolman isn't going to like it much , though , giving away what he should be selling '' .
You should have gone to work today , 'stead of sneaking around spying on the Dronk house '' .
He had the feeling that he should abandon the car and run off somewhere to hide .
It was evident that a captain should remain at his desk , directing with a firm hand and keeping a firm seat .
The secretary's tone indicated that an appointment at such short notice was a concession for which Madden should be duly grateful .
Mrs. Meeker had spent a small fortune on a search for him but had made no provision for him in her will if he should be found after her death , and had never mentioned his name to her lawyers .
All this went through Casey's mind in the first instant , but what held his interest was the fact that these two should be together at all .
He should have stayed here and watched Burton .
There should be an excited conversation , for somewhere , directly below them , was a treasure lost for more than four hundred years .
Now , at this moment , there should be none unless skin diving was much more dangerous than he had been led to believe .
On my way out I told her , `` If you should eh just happen to see your husband , get him to give himself up .
`` Suppose the murderer should return to the scene of the crime '' ! !
What should one say ? ?
No , he didn't have his gun , which he should have .
But after all , why should they ? ?
You should have told me about her before '' .
`` They should not be sad .
Time magazine reviewed it and suggested that the Federation Assembly Daily Record should be translated into the medium .
But you should understand , Jack , that Hesperus and Lucifer are not long out of the nursery .
Why should I ? ?
The clerk impressed this upon me : that I should not arrive in the hall before ten o'clock .
She did not pause to consider what she would do if her plan should fail ; ;
How long should I wait '' ? ?
Maybe I should withdraw my advice -- no '' ? ?
Curt's visit to the livery stable had been merely a precaution in case anyone should be watching .
I felt that he looked at me coldly and appraisingly and seemed to be uncertain what his attitude towards me should be , but he did not say one word which might indicate that he had been told of advances to his wife .
You should -- smack ! !
The menace of Manas gradually faded as Meredith asked himself should he translate it , ' How the dark fates laughed ' ? ?
Should she wake him ? ?
Should she wake him ? ?
I don't suppose a wife should be grateful to her husband for saving her life , but I am .
The German courteously indicated that Robinson should mount first .
I don't get it why this time I should pull such a stupid trick '' .
`` I don't think you should go down again '' .
It was essential that he should restore his formidable reputation as a rip-roaring , ruthless gun-slinger , and this was the time-honored Wild West method of doing it .
That should do it , he thought , because Miss Langford had said she was going to be strict about school work .
`` I should think so '' , Eugenia said .
Why should I want pictures of an empty room now ? ?
She had changed into a cocktail dress , and the whole evening should have been before her , but already she was beginning to get a tight feeling at the back of her neck .
Just why anybody should wish to start a riot the executive officer didn't know .
`` You missed it '' , Buzz's voice said , `` You should have gone over to the Pagan Room with us .
And after a while , he dried his tears and walked the deck as a captain should with assurance and dignity .
`` And do you think there is a reason why I should accept your word '' ? ?
`` I should have stayed at the store '' , she thought .
Besides , it's important to the way a painter thinks that he should move in a certain atmosphere , an atmosphere in which he may absorb the ideas of other masters , as Durer went to Italy to meet Bellini and Mantegna '' .
`` Why should Via have it '' ? ?
Why should this suddenly assail her ? ?
I suppose I should have paid attention to that half-murmured remark , but it seemed one of those extreme statements women under stress indulge in .
`` There's a church you should see '' , she said .
There would be changes made , and Signor Raymond should understand that when the Pope died it was like the end of a regime in Rome .
You shouldn't be up , should you '' ? ?
He should have discovered a more tender farewell .
`` She should have told me herself .
And at this point , Lucy thought , there should be a lecture on little cousins' sharing dolls -- but she could sympathize with Susan ; ;
`` I can't make it in ten minutes '' -- Wondering , as I said it , why I should make it at all .
Why should I go over at midnight to check on Francie , when her parents didn't care enough to leave a party ? ?
But , darn it all , why should we help a couple of spoiled snobs who had looked down their noses at us ? ?
Should I tell him the truth about Alice ? ?
There wasn't anything of special interest that morning , no one sicker than they should have been .
The metal-tasting nitrogen made me wonder if I should remove the mouthpiece and suck in the sweet water .
Together with her mother , both of them tense with worry lest things should somehow go wrong .
They were even , Anne and George , probably thinking themselves very considerate in not hinting that she really should cut out `` one or two countries '' and come home in August to get Cousin Emma's house ready before the teachers came to Tuxapoka in September .
Just because he was honorable enough to want to continue supporting his two children , as any decent man would , that was no reason he should be denied his own small share of happiness too .
`` Well , I should find Alma '' -- I began .
I had killed snakes before , when I was younger , but there had been no animal like this one , and I knew it was unthinkable that an animal such as that should die .
Maybe he should have kept in touch .
Martin realized , later on , that he should have `` had it out '' with Dolores that night .
`` I should explain : there's more here for me than advocating my little dream , there's you .
`` I feel I must answer the question '' , he said , `` since the onus later , if any , should fall on me -- I don't relish recriminations spread broadcast outside my family .
During these first days of the trial I didn't have as much time to commiserate with Viola as I should have liked .
You should hear the reverence in Fran's voice when she said `` Baccarat '' or `` Steuben '' or `` Madame Alexander '' .
After that everything should be simpler .
This clergyman should have referred to Shakespeare's dictum : `` So-so is a good , very good , very excellent maxim .
`` I should say it is the turning of courts of law into veritable theatres for sex dramas , involving clergymen and parishioners , psychiatrists and patients .
I wrote a few years ago that one of the cardinal rules of writing is that the reader should be able to get some idea of what the story is about .
A major portion of the credit should also go to flautist Haumd for his rendering of the almost impossible `` Indianapolis '' movement in the Baslot .
Mr. Dillow said the data show the economy `` is still quite strong , '' but suggestions that much of the spending went on services rather than consumer goods should reduce fears of more import rises .
`` All these consultants kept coming around telling us we should concentrate on high technology , electronics or biotechnology , and get out of mature basic industries , '' Mr. Andersson recalls .
The spinoff should solve a problem for the parent .
The committee is to recommend at the end of the month whether DOE should support cold fusion research .
Barring any petroleum-related news events , trading in the days ahead should further test recent projections by oil economists and other market watchers that strong fourth-quarter demand will keep prices firm .
Or at least he should .
Cautious investors should generally go with stocks that have low betas .
In two of three years , the actual result should fall within that range if all the assumptions were accurate .
Our October 12 editorial should have been more precise .
According to my calculations , these outlays should have brought the value of my sedan to more than $ 22,000 on the open market -LRB- Figure 6 -RRB- , where I plan to offer it shortly .
It should be noted that Mr. Schwartz , who operates out of Englewood , Colo. , is a puckish sort who likes to give his colleagues the needle .
So it should come as no shock that the profession , if that 's what it is , has attracted a lot of people whose principal talents seem to be frittering away or flat-out stealing their clients ' money .
Parents , he says , should aim at whatever regular investment sum they can afford .
The exact strain of hepatitis that the cafeteria worker contracted has n't been determined but should be known by the end of the week , Dr. McBride said .
I suggest that The Wall Street Journal -LRB- as well as other U.S. news publications of like mind -RRB- should put its money where its mouth is : Lend computer equipment to replace that damaged at El Espectador , buy ad space , publish stories under the bylines of El Espectador journalists .
An Olivetti spokesman said the company 's factories are already beginning to produce the machine , and that it should be available in Europe by December .
Health-care companies should get healthier in the third quarter .
The Franklin Lakes , N.J. , company is expected to report sales growth of only 5 % to 6 % , but should still maintain earnings growth of 10 % , says Jerry E. Fuller , an analyst with Duff & Phelps Inc .
But analysts said that against the backdrop of a nearly 40-point rise in the Dow Jones Industrial Average , that should n't necessarily be taken as a sign of great strength .
As for property and casualty insurers , Moody 's said `` preliminary estimates suggest that losses should not have a significant impact on most insurers ' financial condition , '' but it `` raises concerns about potentially substantial risks '' longer-term .
But , at least , the law of averages should have swung to the favorable side .
I thought and , I 'm sure , others did : `` You should n't have bothered . ''
Should the rest of the Series be played at all ?
It now will be played mostly for the record , and should be wrapped up as quickly as possible , without `` off '' days .
To add aftershock-damping power to America 's markets , a modern , electronic trading system should be implemented that permits equal access to the trading arena -LRB- and the information that would automatically accompany such access -RRB- by investors -- particularly institutional investors .
Investors , he advises , `` should be cautious , '' holding fewer stocks than usual and also shunning bonds .
Instead , Mr. Beach says , investors `` probably should be carrying a very high level of cash , '' by which he means such so-called cash equivalents as money-market funds and Treasury bills .
Moreover , because no one knows for sure just when a recession is coming , some analysts think investors should n't even worry too much about timing .
The Service figures at least half of the money taken in should be spent on program .
Which , it should be added , does n't prevent the charities from raking in a lot of money anyway .
But he cautioned that Westmoreland 's third quarter is typically better than the fourth , so investors `` should n't just multiply the third quarter by four '' and assume the same rate of improvement can be sustained .
Should n't they properly be called exit-load funds ?
-- The Treasury wisely has refused , but has concluded that indirect credit support through various multinational agencies should be made available for a price : either debt reduction or debt-service reduction or new loans -LRB- the Brady Plan -RRB- .
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters claim they have an oral agreement with Warner executives that allows them to terminate their contract should the opportunity to run a major studio arise .
But skeptics ask why you should bother buying this stuff when you can get only slightly lower yields on government-guaranteed paper .
What should I do ?
Marshall McLuhan , you should have been there at that hour .
`` Collectibles should continue to be recognized as capital assets , '' the letter states .
Stores in a state of confusion are likely to fare poorly , and to lose customers to stable chains such as Limited Inc. , May Department Stores Co. and Dillard Department Stores Inc. , which should do well .
The merger should also allow the companies to reduce costs by combining operations in many locations in Puerto Rico .
Mr. Carrion said the merger should be completed in six to nine months .
The split comes in the midst of a court battle over whether the San Diego Yacht Club should be allowed to keep the international trophy for sailing a catamaran against the New Zealand challengers ' 90-foot monohull .
The judge ordered that a hearing be held Nov. 17 to determine how much the city should pay Mr. Hoelzer for his services .
Two months ago the company set up a toll-free number , based outside California , to handle queries from employees about when they should report back to work after an earthquake or other disaster .
This way , depending on when a quake might strike , priorities can be assigned to departments that should be brought back on line first .
Earlier this week , a Fifth Circuit appellate panel upheld Judge Maloney 's dismissal of Mr. Gaubert 's claim as a shareholder but said the judge should reconsider Mr. Gaubert 's claim for the loss of his property .
Second , if the key assumption is valid , Democrats should have lower attendance rates on roll-call votes than Republicans do to the extent that such votes reflect national policy making and that participating in such votes takes away from the time a legislator could otherwise devote to local benefit-seeking .
He added that the Office of Management and Budget , the Transportation Department and other agencies are `` developing longer-term legislation '' that should be ready soon .
Is an American Secretary of State seriously suggesting that the Khmer Rouge should help govern Cambodia ?
Nor should the U.S. worry much about offending China , which still aids the Khmer Rouge .
The agreement is contingent on certain government approvals and should be completed later this year .
China said the question of Taiwan 's membership in the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade should be considered only after China 's own membership in the 97-nation organization is restored .
Construction of the 34-floor building will begin next May and should be completed in April 1992 .
If whites want to play there by themselves , says consulting engineer Willem van Heerden , whites should also build it by themselves .
`` Investors should stay with their stocks .
Any selling , they say , should be well thought-out , and executed gradually , during market rallies .
Moreover , many financial advisers say individuals should be in the stock market as long-term investors , not as traders trying to catch the next hot stock .
Mr. Markese cautions that investors should n't slavishly follow any specific price\/earnings sell trigger .
Tom Schlesinger , market analyst at A.G. Edwards & Sons Inc. , says investors should consider selling if there has been a fundamental change in a company since they bought its stock .
The announcements also should help IBM go on the offensive against Digital Equipment Corp. on the plant floor .
IBM , which Gartner Group said generates 22 % of its revenue in this market , should be able to take advantage of its loyal following among buyers of equipment .
But he said a system such as IBM 's should help significantly .
I could n't decide if I should come home to Marin , because my house is on stilts .
Today should be interesting as people realize how hard life is going to be here for a while .
Affiliated said it expects to record a pretax gain of about $ 18.5 million from the sale of the credit-card business , which should more than offset any reduction in the carrying value of real estate and real-estate loans on its books .
But top management should watch for other tell-tale signs of employee misdeeds , like expense-account fudging and phone misuse .
The report said that utilization management should have more of an impact as federal research on the effectiveness of medical treatments helps lead to medical practice guidelines .
The basic problem of monetary policy , to which reform of the Fed should be addressed , is to prevent a recurrence of this experience .
These days , the secretary suffers the further disqualification that he is a member of a club of seven finance ministers who meet occasionally to decide what exchange rates should be , which is a diversion from the real business of the Federal Reserve to stabilize the price level .
How should a reasonable member of the Federal Reserve Board interpret a congressional decision to put the secretary on the board ?
By their constant readiness to advise all and sundry about federal budgetary matters the chairmen have encouraged the belief that fiscal policy and monetary policy are ingredients of a common stew , in which case it is natural that the Fed and the Treasury , and probably also the Congress , should be jointly engaged in stirring the pot .
What is undemocratic is the unwillingness of the more political parts of the government to take the responsibility for deciding the basic question of monetary policy , which is what priority should be given to stabilizing the price level .
`` Maybe we should take it as a compliment . ''
Congress should stop throwing tax dollars out to sea by subsidizing the development of beach communities on ecologically fragile coastal barrier islands , such as the hard-hit Isle of Palms near Charleston .
It adds that births were `` extremely unlikely '' after the fourth cycle and concludes couples who do n't achieve a pregnancy after four to six procedures should be advised that success is unlikely .
Still , many were confident that `` in a day or two , everything should be back to normal , '' according to a spokeswoman for the Semiconductor Industry Association , based in Cupertino .
Sun Microsystems Inc. and Tandem Computers Inc. also signaled that they should recover quickly .
Like other large Valley companies , Intel also noted that it has factories in several parts of the nation , so that a breakdown at one location should n't leave customers in a total pinch .
Her Susie Diamond handles a song the way the greats do , like she 's hearing the way it should sound inside her head and she 's concentrating on matching that internal tone .
Why , they wonder , should it belong to the EC ?
In theory , the value attached to a firm by the market and the cost of replacing its assets should be the same .
That should happen by today , he said .
International Business Machines Corp. said its board approved the purchase of $ 1 billion of its common shares , a move that should help support its battered stock .
Sir John noted that GM , a longtime Jaguar supplier , agrees `` we should remain an independent company . ''
With the gyrations of recent days , says Hugo Quackenbush , senior vice president at Charles Schwab , many small investors are absolutely convinced that `` they should n't play in the stock market . ''
Mr. Byrne says Fireman 's Fund will probably pay hundreds of millions in primary claims , but , after taxes and use of its reinsurance lines , the company 's fourthquarter charge against earnings should n't top $ 50 million .
`` We believe that every drug that 's marketed to a consumer should have a consumer label , '' said Douglas Teich of the Public Citizen Health Research Group , a Ralph Nader affiliate .
She thinks traders should buy the stock if it tumbles to 35 .
The market for system-management software for Digital 's hardware is fragmented enough that a giant such as Computer Associates should do well there .
And Mr. Shultz curtly told Mr. Abrams that the general should be told that only he could repair his tarnished image .
A report in this week 's issue of the Journal of the National Cancer Institute also projects that overall U.S. mortality rates from lung cancer , the leading cause of cancer death , should begin to drop in several years if cigarette smoking continues to abate .
`` Smoking prevention programs should reach larger segments of the population , especially children , adolescents and minorities . ''
`` Non-smoking should be established as the norm of social behavior '' around the world , the editorial says , through the enactment of laws that limit advertising , boost tobacco prices and promote anti-smoking education .
I believe any physician who truly cares about cancer patients , both today and tomorrow , should offer the hope of something better than that .
William Seidman , chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. , said Lincoln Savings & Loan Association should have been seized by the government in 1986 to contain losses that he estimated will cost taxpayers as much as $ 2 billion .
In filing an original -LRB- not amended -RRB- return , a couple should consider whether damaged property is owned jointly or separately and whether one spouse has larger income ; that may determine whether they should file jointly or separately .
`` People who feel that cyclists should be banned from an area are n't looking at the whole picture , '' complains Mark Langton , associate editor of Mountain and City Biking magazine in Canoga Park , Calif .
He said that other participants in the conference `` do not believe that the rights of Americans should be guaranteed to citizens who are homosexual , '' but that `` I mean to persuade you to the opposite view . ''
Instead of lobbying for special treatment , Mr. Allen said that homosexuals and others should try to ensure equal treatment under the law and not aim for special privileges that would risk `` invidious retrenchment with government complicity . ''
`` Why should I risk money for a guy for who 's paying me five cents a dance ?
Activists fear that if the shuttle carrying Galileo into orbit should explode , or if Galileo itself crashes into the Earth during the two times it flies close to the planet , fatal levels of plutonium would be released into the atmosphere .
Yet , all these issues are subsidiary to a more central issue : Who is and who should be making the criminal law here ?
Conservatives should take a position prior to the administration 's year-end deadline .
The federal government should make free , voluntary testing for the AIDS virus the cornerstone of an expanded campaign to stop the spread of acquired immune deficiency syndrome , the Hudson Institute recommended .
Spooked investors , despite their stampede to dump takeover stocks , should hold on tight to their Jaguar shares .
FDIC Chairman Seidman said that Lincoln Savings & Loan of California should have been seized in 1986 to contain losses he estimated will cost taxpayers as much as $ 2 billion .
Beyond removing a competitor , the combination should provide `` synergies , '' said Fred Harlow , Unilab 's chief financial officer .
should giraffes be kept in small zoos
good service should be rewarded by big tips
