The figure stood so still that he could easily have supposed it to be a statue .
In half a minute Charles was at the bottom of Union Street again , and the other two proceeding together : and soon words enough had passed between them to decide their direction towards the comparatively quiet and retired gravel walk , where the power of conversation would make the present hour a blessing indeed , and prepare it for all the immortality which the happiest recollections of their own future lives could bestow .
Mr. Sung could n't be reached for comment .
At these words , spoken with much sullen importance , Archer , in spite of his vexation , could not help laughing .
He could refer Sir Walter to all who knew him ; and certainly , the pains he had been taking on this , the first opportunity of reconciliation , to be restored to the footing of a relation and heir - presumptive , was a strong proof of his opinions on the subject .
This temper of mind Maurice was more happy in enjoying than he could have been made , without it , by the possession of all the tulips in Holland .
Marianne could speak HER happiness only by tears .
Everton , inspired throughout by Peter Beardsley , killed off the game by romping into a 3-0 lead in 38 minutes and could easily have doubled it . 
And when Adam announced that he was leaving the army , Lawrence asked for no explanation and could n't have been kinder about his unemployment problem . 
It could be argued , too , that they were beneficiaries of the heightened public awareness created by the increasing emphasis by government on the perils facing the environment . 
It might seem absurd that scuttlebutt could influence such a serious business .
Of justice -- as If could be any thing but the same ample law , expounded by natural judges and saviors , As if it might be this thing or that thing , according to decisions .
He had the kind of hutzpah and powerful personality combined with a musical and intelligence that one could either resent strongly or admire and take on board . " 
An officer told me that we could n't drive any farther , although pedestrians were allowed in the area , and I was free to walk home .
Neither father nor mother could promote , and the daughter could not endure it .
Time , she knew , must be allowed for this being thoroughly done ; and she could suppose herself but an indifferent judge of such matters in general , and very inadequate to sympathise in an attachment to Mr . Elton in particular ; but it seemed to her reasonable that at Harriet ' s age , and with the entire extinction of all hope , such a progress might be made towards a state of composure by the time of Mr . Elton ' s return , as to allow them all to meet again in the common routine of acquaintance , without any danger of betraying sentiments or increasing them .
I could n't permit someone of your abilities to moulder away in a backwater . 
There are a number of ways this could happen , the churchmen pointed out , and here is an example :
and she had an appetite for learning that could not be denied .
Ramsey could find nowhere to live within the parish .
Indeed , when he so wished , the young Edward could be dazzlingly courteous and charming . 
An hour ' s complete leisure for such reflections as these , on a dark November day , a small thick rain almost blotting out the very few objects ever to be discerned from the windows , was enough to make the sound of Lady Russell ' s carriage exceedingly welcome ; and yet , though desirous to be gone , she could not quit the Mansion House , or look an adieu to the Cottage , with its black , dripping and comfortless veranda , or even notice through the misty glasses the last humble tenements of the village , without a saddened heart .
Nothing escaped HER minute observation and general curiosity ; she saw every thing , and asked every thing ; was never easy till she knew the price of every part of Marianne ' s dress ; could have guessed the number of her gowns altogether with better judgment than Marianne herself , and was not without hopes of finding out before they parted , how much her washing cost per week , and how much she had every year to spend upon herself .
The proof of this lies in the fact that it was H E who had arranged for the presence of Scott Eccles , which could only have been done for the purpose of an alibi .
On one side hung a very large oilpainting so thoroughly besmoked , and every way defaced , that in the unequal crosslights by which you viewed it , it was only by diligent study and a series of systematic visits to it , and careful inquiry of the neighbors , that you could any way arrive at an understanding of its purpose .
But before anything could happen Frankie Ricco was between them and Eddie Lee had come into the dressing room .
The skimmed milk was fed to pigs but the Rowlands eventually decided it could be used more profitably and began to make low-fat yogurt and cottage cheese . 
This particular song at this particular time could only be interpreted as the ultimate in bad taste , callous exploitation beyond the bounds of decency .
I like not your being in the Tower -- it troubles me more than I could say ! " 
said she ; " that is the only security for its freshness ; and nothing could be easier to you ."
Numbers of those who had been forced from their houses now returned to the ruins to try to save whatever they could .
But Wilson , as he later averred , " could hear the roaring of the sea " . 
It was terribly off key , and poorly done , and Tommy could never admit to herself that male companionship was a very natural and important thing , but all at once she felt lonesome and put-upon .
Cecilia lost more love by general petulance than she could gain by the greatest particular exertions .
If he took an earlier streetcar than the 11:20 on his return , he could have arrived at the Borden house shortly after Mr. Borden came home .
Horse smell was very strong , and he could hear the crunch of grain being ground between strong jaws .
WOLVES fancy Blackpool forward David Eyres and they could also get a call from Chelsea , who may fancy Mike Stowell to end their search for a goalkeeper . 
Unfortunately he could not confide this knowledge to his upper-management team and so he had to allow his upper-management team to think he was losing his grip .
Aristotle 's influence was enormous , and even the great English physician , William Harvey , who laboured so long on the chick embryo , could not shake it off .
He walked around the thicket , making as much noise on the pine needles as he could , without being able to catch sight of the man 's face . 
From the street , the yodel of a sulphur blender could be heard , extolling the virtues of his ointments . 
There was too much domestic happiness in his brother ' s house ; woman wore too amiable a form in it ; Isabella was too much like Emma -- differing only in those striking inferiorities , which always brought the other in brilliancy before him , for much to have been done , even had his time been longer .-- He had stayed on , however , vigorously , day after day -- till this very morning ' s post had conveyed the history of Jane Fairfax .-- Then , with the gladness which must be felt , nay , which he did not scruple to feel , having never believed Frank Churchill to be at all deserving Emma , was there so much fond solicitude , so much keen anxiety for her , that he could stay no longer .
She could easily conceive that marriage might not be immediately in their power ; for though Willoughby was independent , there was no reason to believe him rich .
Her own situation gained in the comparison ; for while she could ESTEEM Edward as much as ever , however they might be divided in future , her mind might be always supported .
Sometimes he woke up in the middle of the night thinking of Ann , and then could not get back to sleep .
Companies might be able to tell salespeople daily , for instance , about idle equipment , so they could offer discounts on whatever that equipment produces .
Although she could just about reach the top shelf with her fingertips , she was very unsteady . 
Elinor , for her sister ' s sake , could not press the subject farther , and she hoped it was not required of her for Willoughby ' s ; since , though Marianne might lose much , he could gain very little by the enforcement of the real truth .
It has been estimated that retrospective appeals from Scottish landowners over previously designated SSSIs — there are currently 1300 — could cost SNH £1.5m a year , 7.5% of their budget . 
Pray take care , Miss Woodhouse , ours is rather a dark staircase -- rather darker and narrower than one could wish .
15 : 23 And when they came to Marah , they could not drink of the waters of Marah , for they were bitter : therefore the name of it was called Marah .
` I 'm sorry , " she immediately apologised , but , because she just could n't believe that he truly meant to tramp the streets of Prague with her , ` Honestly ? " she enquired eagerly . 
Then , helpfully , as she merely stared at him in weary silence , `` Maybe you could write it down for me , huh ? ?
Dad was also being magnanimous today ; he reminded me of a smooth politician visiting a shabby constituency , smiling , kissing babies , shaking hands with relish -- and departing as soon as he decently could . 
Elinor had often wished for an opportunity of attempting to weaken her mother ' s dependence on the attachment of Edward and herself , that the shock might be less when the whole truth were revealed , and now on this attack , though almost hopeless of success , she forced herself to begin her design by saying , as calmly as she could , " I like Edward Ferrars very much , and shall always be glad to see him ; but as to the rest of the family , it is a matter of perfect indifference to me , whether I am ever known to them or not ."
He did say she could get her beef and vegetables in cans this summer .
She could only compare Mr Elliot to Lady Russell , in the wish of really comprehending what had passed , and in the degree of concern for what she must have suffered in witnessing it .
She never could accept him .
No doubt it had been from jealousy .-- In Jane ' s eyes she had been a rival ; and well might any thing she could offer of assistance or regard be repulsed .
Just as I know I would make a bad soldier even though I cannot sincerely call myself a pacifist , so too I would not be either a hangman by profession or , if I could avoid it , even a member of a hanging jury .
Of course , we could scatter many billions of spores , thereby reducing the odds , but even so the possibility of even one of them encountering a suitable receiving planet anywhere in the Universe is vanishingly small . 
For not by hook or by net could this vast leviathan be caught , when sailing a thousand fathoms beneath the sunlight .
The event proved her conjecture right , though it was founded on injustice and error ; for Colonel Brandon DID come in ; and Elinor , who was convinced that solicitude for Marianne brought him thither , and who saw THAT solicitude in his disturbed and melancholy look , and in his anxious though brief inquiry after her , could not forgive her sister for esteeming him so lightly .
And since there did n't seem anything she could do , and there was n't anything else she dared to say , she turned round and slowly trudged back to the house . 
He could stand it no longer , but ran across to the path , turned the corner and saw standing quite palpable in the evening sunlight , talking with a casual grace to Turnbull , the face and figure which had filled his midnights with frightfully vivid or desperately half - forgotten features .
He had not told her all he knew , she was sure of that , but he had confirmed her deduction about the provenance of the Durance paintings although he had stressed she could prove nothing . 
The man standing on the sand - hills could no more have seen what I gave Philip than shoot a fly in one eye , like the man in the fairy - tale .
However , the system is designed , ingeniously and hopefully , so that no one man could initiate a thermonuclear war .
Now to have all his neighbors of the Green Forest see him in such a fix and make fun of him , was more than he could stand .
He said you could n't get a good quartz watch with a second hand , and he refused to consider a digital watch because he said they were ugly . 
The last show of the tour was in Atlanta and I decided to give a little party for the singers and musicians and the crew and I t ried to rent a banquet room at the hotel , but because it was Thanksgiving Weekend , they said they could only give me a suite . N 
And if he were to be lost to them for Harriet ' s sake ; if he were to be thought of hereafter , as finding in Harriet ' s society all that he wanted ; if Harriet were to be the chosen , the first , the dearest , the friend , the wife to whom he looked for all the best blessings of existence ; what could be increasing Emma ' s wretchedness but the reflection never far distant from her mind , that it had been all her own work ?
73 : 7 Their eyes stand out with fatness : they have more than heart could wish .
She thought it probable that as they lived in the same county , Mrs . Palmer might be able to give some more particular account of Willoughby ' s general character , than could be gathered from the Middletons ' partial acquaintance with him ; and she was eager to gain from any one , such a confirmation of his merits as might remove the possibility of fear from Marianne .
They could n't understand the practice of mainly worshipping in silence and without a minister , or without the trappings of church rituals . 
` I could n't help feeling that … well , in your hands it might have done better .
She could undertake therefore to inform him of it , in the course of the day .
As they crept along they could not help wondering what they would find . 
Every thing that the most zealous affection , the most solicitous care could do to render her comfortable , was the office of each watchful companion , and each found their reward in her bodily ease , and her calmness of spirits .
he could only see the light coming over the horizon .
South of Laurel Grove Cemetery , and below the junction of the Neversink and the Delaware , was the Tri-State Rock , from which Stevie could spy New Jersey and Pennsylvania , as well as New York , simply by spinning around on his heel .
She dreaded the performance of it , dreaded what its effect on Marianne might be ; doubted whether after such an explanation she could ever be happy with another ; and for a moment wished Willoughby a widower .
Pushing the wheelbarrow should have been child 's play , but I still could not get the hang of it .
` There is nothing else to explain her demise other than she could n't cope on her own , " he said . 
They were the late Roman Empire 's answer to the weakness of linear barriers and provided a defence in depth which the latter could not .
Charlotte knew she should glean as much as she possibly could , but her brain seemed sluggish and uninventive .
Soon they were in grey twilight and could see that the stream bordered the farther edge of the wood . 
Her present home , he could not but observe , was unfavourable to a nervous disorder :-- confined always to one room ;-- he could have wished it otherwise -- and her good aunt , though his very old friend , he must acknowledge to be not the best companion for an invalid of that description .
Meanwhile , the Peace Corps could be physically located in ICA's facilities and depend on the State Department and ICA for administrative support and , when needed , program assistance .
Yet jumping on the bed she could almost be a normal , happy little girl .
I mean , you could easily have forgotten , could n't you , what with finding out about Mr Bishop ? 
The mistake was not spotted later because the children ` could almost be twins " . 
He wished to redeem his warhorse by the gift of one hundred pieces of gold , but the enchanted steed could not move from the stable till the price of his redemption had been doubled . 
Britain 's 2,000 kilometres of motorway could accomodate 130,000 wind turbines safely and efficiently at a cost of £10,000 for each device . 
The jazz buff could hardly ask for more .
Could we see her , then and try to use her ?
For every trendy teenager , who last year could be seen lying comatose in the sun listening to a personal stereo , has suddenly become animated .
19 : 11 Jesus answered , Thou couldest have no power at all against me , except it were given thee from above : therefore he that delivered me unto thee hath the greater sin .
Carey could n't tell what had been said ; the words were spoken far back in Ellwood 's throat and seemed to gush from his mouth and nose like a great gulp of water swallowed too hastily . 
U.N. officials have said a small spark could set off a wider war that could meld with the fighting in Bosnia .
Admiral Carlisle Trost , the chief of naval operations , has warned Congressmen in a letter that any cuts could result in a ` significant potential for strained relations with the United Kingdom " . 
Grant could have used his experience as industrial reporter , MP and union official to produce an interesting argument about the unions ' future .
Beef prices , hovering near records since the drought , could drop in earnest this winter if ranchers expand herds .
Felix , the night after all this had been planned , went to bed , and fell fast asleep ; but the butler , who had not yet stifled the voice of conscience , felt , in the silence of the night , so insupportably miserable , that , instead of going to rest , he stole softly into the pantry for a bottle of his mistress ' wine , and there drinking glass after glass , he stayed till he became so far intoxicated , that , though he contrived to find his way back to bed , he could by no means undress himself .
Kayabashi must feel fairly certain of his victory in order to make a visit like this , a trip which could be so easily misinterpreted by the people in the village .
When Gloria came , pattering across the ward in all her best , Dot could n't bear to see her pretty face and turned away on the pillow with shut eyes . 
Never had she dreamed that she could be so big .
The Queen his Mother , Liues almost by his lookes : and for my selfe , My Vertue or my Plague , be it either which , She ' s so coniunctiue to my life , and soule ; That as the Starre moues not but in his Sphere , I could not but by her .
Even at that distance , with no sound but the sound of the tractor , I could tell the fierce mark of brutality on the boy .
But here , Elinor could neither wonder nor blame ; and when she saw , as she assisted Marianne from the carriage , that she had been crying , she saw only an emotion too natural in itself to raise any thing less tender than pity , and in its unobtrusiveness entitled to praise .
We could see the Russians ripping out the heart of our city .
" It must be something extraordinary that could make Colonel Brandon leave my breakfast table so suddenly ."
Shipments of arms from Western countries could similarly be seized as contraband .
She dried the udder and pulled the three-legged stool across , jamming the first bucket between her knees as she sat down , so that Florence could not kick it over . 
Accidental war is so sensitive a subject that most of the people who could become directly involved in one are told just enough so they can perform their portions of incredibly complex tasks .
I could not detect from his tone what Jean-Claude felt about what he was saying . 
A psychiatrist could make the case that the star 's legendary promiscuity , with its attendant insulation and fear of commitment , has artistic consequences .
This could have been problematic among competitors , but was openly aired and dealt with by the group .
Marianne assented most feelingly to the remark ; and her mother was led by it to an enumeration of Colonel Brandon ' s injuries and merits , warm as friendship and design could unitedly dictate .
In the very strong sunlight and with his own very strong eyes , which were almost telescopic , Syme could see this mass of men quite plainly .
During the sweltering Id of 1333 , a camel caravan could be seen winding its way through the narrow passes and defiles of the Hindu Kush . 
` You could reach out , " Giovanni said , ` and pinch the second flautist . " 
Analysts estimate that sales of the two businesses could raise roughly $ 2 billion .
His clothes were later found by the side of a canal in which his body was discovered a week later ; no clear reason for his death could be discerned . 
well uh you know five five years ago could you have have imagined in your in your your wildest dreams that something as as a change as rapid as this would 've occurred
She turned a furious damp face on Rossendale who could only shrug mute agreement . 
What _could_ he do !
The couple could n't be reached for comment and apparently have left Rockford , law enforcement officials report .
Shimson Gottesfeld of Los Alamos National Laboratory said researchers there detected a burst of neutrons from an early cold fusion experiment last April but decided not to announce it until they could confirm it .
And she tried to fancy what the flame of a candle is like after the candle is blown out , for she could not remember ever having seen such a thing .
At a weekend barbecue one of Sarah 's friends wagered 100 that Charles could n't throw his stepmother into the swimming pool . 
Every now and then he riposted , and once or twice he could almost fancy that he felt his point go home , but as there was no blood on blade or shirt he supposed he was mistaken .
But we could do nothing with that English nose of yours . 
With the gully on three sides , she could be approached only along the tongue of land .
That feeling was strange , she resisted it , she knew that it was absurd as well as amoral , but in the end she told herself that she could not command her feelings : she was no longer able to torment herself with thoughts of their wars nor to enjoy their celebrations , because she was filled with the conviction that none of it was her concern . 
Under these circumstances , assuming that there was no accord and satisfaction , what form of defence , if any , could be pleaded by the defendant ?
But even so , there was not what could be described as an irrevocable Protestant march towards Reformation ; the new activity of 1558 took place in a Scotland which was still largely Catholic . 
They could raise between them up to ten thousand men in that great remote province ; and at the same time assail the western Douglas strength .
Not that I could see anything when I arrived -- it was covered in cloud .
Robby could be better
If we let Blagg go to hospital the cops get him , and he could be up on a murder charge . 
For a cool shady corner which gets sun at some time during the day , comfrey , sorrel , costmary , alkanet and chervil would do well , and for perfume , the container could include Rosa damascena , pinks , mignonette , honeysuckle or jasmine , and wallflowers , herbs which release their fragrance into the air .
Allen had no home but slept in the church porch and earned his keep in any way he could and scavenged and begged when that was the only way to stay alive . 
Mr . Elton was to take the drawing to London , chuse the frame , and give the directions ; and Emma thought she could so pack it as to ensure its safety without much incommoding him , while he seemed mostly fearful of not being incommoded enough .
He could partly see us , and he certainly could hear us once he got his listening device working . " 
" I only wish ," replied her sister , " there were any thing I COULD do , which might be of comfort to you ."
She was not a woman of strong understanding or any quickness ; and with this resemblance of her father , she inherited also much of his constitution ; was delicate in her own health , over - careful of that of her children , had many fears and many nerves , and was as fond of her own Mr . Wingfield in town as her father could be of Mr . Perry .
" I know I am very slow ; I can never understand things well unless I see just how they were ; if you could show me now exactly how that door works I am sure I could understand .
They guessed she was on a bad trip and moved in swiftly before she could hurt herself . 
In time , of course , Mr . Knightley would be forgotten , that is , supplanted ; but this could not be expected to happen very early .
It had been a great disappointment to Mr Musgrove to find that no earlier day could be fixed , so impatient was he to shew his gratitude , by seeing Captain Wentworth under his own roof , and welcoming him to all that was strongest and best in his cellars .
It could provide security without cost of armaments and increase German prosperity and lessen taxation .
She was immediately up , and wanting to quit the table ; but so many were also moving , that she could not get away ; and Mr . Knightley thought he saw another collection of letters anxiously pushed towards her , and resolutely swept away by her unexamined .
The mortifying thought occurred to her that he was playing games , that he somehow had telepathic powers and could read every angry , frightened , confused , cowardly thought scurrying through her brain …
The advantage of his having to come only to Uppercross , instead of going six miles another way ; of his having , in every respect , a better curacy ; of his belonging to their dear Dr Shirley , and of dear , good Dr Shirley ' s being relieved from the duty which he could no longer get through without most injurious fatigue , had been a great deal , even to Louisa , but had been almost everything to Henrietta .
This could also be the motive behind the Creole refusals of requests which were discussed earlier .
Turnbull ' s eye grew even more offensive , and he began biting his red beard ; but MacIan seemed to recognize a type with which he could deal and continued quite easily :
The philosophy has been that if they could find the time to attend class why not encourage them to get the credit and perhaps provide an incentive to do the work more effectively .
It was simply a question , Fred declared , of having ` a nose for news " and added that only a competent reporter could make a good story out of unlikely ingredients . 
Most mail these days consists of nothing that could truly be called a letter .
I could tell by numerous subtle signs , which might have been lost upon anyone but myself , that Holmes was on a hot scent .
She was forced to acknowledge that she could do no good , yet was still unwilling to be away , till , touched by the thought of her father and mother , she gave it up ; she consented , she was anxious to be at home .
I should be surprized if , after seeing them , you could be in company with Mr . Martin again without perceiving him to be a very inferior creature -- and rather wondering at yourself for having ever thought him at all agreeable before .
In Hugo 's wake , Congress allocated $ 1.1 billion in relief funds , and White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater said $ 273 million of that money remains and could be diverted for quick expenditures related to the earthquake .
There was a florist ' s feast to be held at the neighbouring town , at which a prize of a handsome set of gardening - tools was to be given to the person who could produce the finest flower of its kind .
But Ranulf was here and while Corbett bathed and changed his clothing , he wondered how Ranulf could protect him from the secret assassins now stalking him . 
Yet it is virtually impossible to think of a way in which they could be tested against one another .
The idea , flowing from Hume to Berkeley to Kant then back to British empiricism , was the following : One might be mistaken in saying that a chair is in the room , but one could hardly be mistaken in reporting bits and pieces of one 's own awareness .
Lady Russell was extremely sorry that such a measure should have been resorted to at all , wondered , grieved , and feared ; and the affront it contained to Anne , in Mrs Clay ' s being of so much use , while Anne could be of none , was a very sore aggravation .
Yes , those could be commodities under this concept .
Elinor was half inclined to ask her reason for thinking so , because satisfied that none founded on an impartial consideration of their age , characters , or feelings , could be given ;-- but her mother must always be carried away by her imagination on any interesting subject , and therefore instead of an inquiry , she passed it off with a smile .
This led Professor H.W.R. Wade to argue that it was nonsensical to have a legal theory which said that Parliament could pass laws on any subject without restriction . 
They ascended and passed him ; and as they passed , Anne ' s face caught his eye , and he looked at her with a degree of earnest admiration , which she could not be insensible of .
Could it be an impartial one ?
He disliked the work at the boys club because the teenagers misbehaved , and because he could see no use in the work .
It is this failure that Iraqi officials warn could sabotage any chance for an agreement on U. S. troops staying .
Emma could not feel a doubt of having given Harriet ' s fancy a proper direction and raised the gratitude of her young vanity to a very good purpose , for she found her decidedly more sensible than before of Mr . Elton ' s being a remarkably handsome man , with most agreeable manners ; and as she had no hesitation in following up the assurance of his admiration by agreeable hints , she was soon pretty confident of creating as much liking on Harriet ' s side , as there could be any occasion for .
But , again , the Royal College of Nursing is a wealthy body -- unlike BASW or the ADSS -- which could represent its members positively through advertising if necessary . 
25 Dazzling and tremendous how quick the sun - rise would kill me , If I could not now and always send sun - rise out of me .
Emma , alone with her father , had half her attention wanted by him while he lamented that young people would be in such a hurry to marry -- and to marry strangers too -- and the other half she could give to her own view of the subject .
" You have probably entirely forgotten a conversation -- ( it is not to be supposed that it could make any impression on you )-- a conversation between us one evening at Barton Park -- it was the evening of a dance -- in which I alluded to a lady I had once known , as resembling , in some measure , your sister Marianne ."
6 : 27 Then Gideon took ten men of his servants , and did as the LORD had said unto him : and so it was , because he feared his father ' s household , and the men of the city , that he could not do it by day , that he did it by night .
He rather thought he 'd let him stew for a while ; with the murder investigation on , he could n't get far -- or he 'd be a fool to try , and Peckham was no fool . 
Watching him , they were unable to see each other so could only guess at what warned him . 
Alack , I am afraid they haue awak ' d , And ' tis not done : th ' attempt , and not the deed , Confounds vs : hearke : I lay ' d their Daggers ready , He could not misse ' em .
I am sure there is nobody ' s praise that could give us so much pleasure as Miss Woodhouse ' s .
She felt sorry she had disturbed the usual calmness of a man she respected , but considered she could not apologize to him without either offending or encouraging him . 
Because of the similarities of certain letters , errors in copying could easily creep in .
Elinor could only smile .
You could not stand on dignity when you were soaked and muddied and your life was at stake .
Thus , if a merger was to lead to the creation of a dominant position and a consequent restriction of competition , this could arguably be classed as an abuse . 
' How COULD he turn them out with his nose , you know ?'
The drying effect in the Brazilian rainforest could be felt in the southern states of the US and could turn stretches of Amazonia into savannah . 
cried Captain Harville , in a tone of strong feeling , " if I could but make you comprehend what a man suffers when he takes a last look at his wife and children , and watches the boat that he has sent them off in , as long as it is in sight , and then turns away and says , ` God knows whether we ever meet again !'
So I said , I was very much obliged to him : you know I could not do less ; and then he went back to Elizabeth , and I came round by the stables -- I believe I did -- but I hardly knew where I was , or any thing about it .
Confidence was increasing that men , through foresight and effective action , could ameliorate their existence and even prolong their lives .
She felt so sick that it was lunchtime before she could drag herself out of bed and come downstairs . 
She felt that she could so much more depend upon the sincerity of those who sometimes looked or said a careless or a hasty thing , than of those whose presence of mind never varied , whose tongue never slipped .
Had word of Hanson 's interest leaked to the market , the stockbroker 's chutzpah could almost have bankrupted the firm . 
yourself I see , great as any , good as the best , Waiting secure and content , which the bullet could never kill , Nor the bayonet stab O friend .
This vessel could be followed to the parenchyma where it directly provided bronchial arterial blood to the alveolar capillary bed ( figs. 17 , 18 ) .
La Paz : It 's a city of shining skyscrapers where the wealthy industrialists and politicians enjoy life in a suburb which could be mistaken for Los Angeles . 
The reaction of F 158 A with nitrocefin was so rapid , we could not determine a K S value for this mutant .
a man whose hand was set against all that could not be useful to him at the moment ; ;
The Government has admitted that when nuclear weapons are transported by road an accident could lead to a leak of radiation .
She depended on the evil feelings of the Eltons for supplying all the discipline of pointed neglect that could be farther requisite .-- Harriet rational , Frank Churchill not too much in love , and Mr . Knightley not wanting to quarrel with her , how very happy a summer must be before her !
` What about Sunday , we could have a picnic , " Mary continued with a slight plea in her voice . 
Suddenly Harry felt the narrow cell so filled and overfilled with his own dread and hatred that he could hardly breathe . 
If then , Sir William Jones , who read in thirty languages , could not read the simplest peasant ' s face in its profounder and more subtle meanings , how may unlettered Ishmael hope to read the awful Chaldee of the Sperm Whale ' s brow ?
Anne ' s shudderings were to herself alone ; but the Miss Musgroves could be as open as they were sincere , in their exclamations of pity and horror .
In the darkness he could see the rosy reflection of the neon sign on the wall opposite the window .
The Club had been thoroughly searched : there was nowhere the security systems could not probe . 
With winch or car launches , it is essential to consider whether a cable break could result in a part of the cable falling on or near to a glider or anything else in mid-field .
As they sped away , Carlson could see three or four figures around the car , shooting automatic guns into the flaming vehicle . 
But her mother pressed to know the whole , and she related it as simply as she could .
The primary , but not exclusive , focus is on Scottish IT firms which make up a localised sample that could be comprehensively surveyed . 
Society Corp. already has branches in the area , and selling the Trustcorp offices could avoid a problem with regulators over excessive concentration of banking in the two counties after the merger of Trustcorp into Society , according to industry sources .
Pity they could n't actually have joined us because I was last there on a Monday night and my four friends and I swelled the numbers beyond double figures . 
My imagination could not take me to such depths of anger , so I implored her to tell me what was happening before Kareem ( my husband ) paid his afternoon visit . 
Prime-time television could then be showing high politicians being hauled off in handcuffs . 
Or if you spread it on the ground you could study it like tea-leaves and read the future there . 
There was one , however , which Emma thought something of .-- The two last dances before supper were begun , and Harriet had no partner ;-- the only young lady sitting down ;-- and so equal had been hitherto the number of dancers , that how there could be any one disengaged was the wonder !-- But Emma ' s wonder lessened soon afterwards , on seeing Mr . Elton sauntering about .
Theoretically , RFI could cause a disaster at installations such as refineries and chemical plants . 
Nigel Clough 's arrival at Liverpool , Wales ' World Cup prospects and his natural thirst for goals has left the Reds ' striker itching for action in a season which could turn out to be a memorable . 
I could tell that my father was looking at me from the other end of the table , swilling his juice round in his glass and staring at my head as I bent over my plate . 
and we told him according to the tenor of these words : could we certainly know that he would say , Bring your brother down ?
`="and" they were going to stay there for a few weeks until their faces were off the front pages and they could tiptoe away . 
This is not hard to do and could be the start of longer term relationships leading to the Book Trade having a central role in retailing the new products . 
While the two men conversed in a language she could not understand , Fabia stood by and hoped that the problem with her car was not a serious one . 
30 : 3 For they could not keep it at that time , because the priests had not sanctified themselves sufficiently , neither had the people gathered themselves together to Jerusalem .
It could also have a bearing on its unusual style -- no verbal testimonies from friends and colleagues , no old archive footage , just Van getting royally stoned on the music with some mates . 
But still she had inclination enough for shewing people again how delightfully Mr . Frank Churchill and Miss Woodhouse danced -- for doing that in which she need not blush to compare herself with Jane Fairfax -- and even for simple dancing itself , without any of the wicked aids of vanity -- to assist him first in pacing out the room they were in to see what it could be made to hold -- and then in taking the dimensions of the other parlour , in the hope of discovering , in spite of all that Mr . Weston could say of their exactly equal size , that it was a little the largest .
Zambia could hear Jahsaxa clucking appreciatively somewhere nearby . 
How couldst thou preach of heaven and hell in such a careless , sleepy manner ? 
She could not foresee that Colonel Brandon would give me a living ."
The door of the Captain 's cabin was open and he could see the bearded hijacker sitting inside . 
Only a united peace front could halt the aggressive , war-mongering development of fascist nation states such as Germany and Italy .
Charles wonders what Captain Wentworth will say ; but if you remember , I never thought him attached to Louisa ; I never could see anything of it .
She found that she could please those whom she wished to please , without affecting to be anything but what she really was ; and her friends listened to what she said , though she never repeated the sentiments , or adopted the phrases , which she might easily have copied from the conversation of those who were older or more fashionable than herself .
He was a forthright , critical man whose tongue could be both sharp and blunt , yet despite this his respect for the person rebuked gave a relationship authority and security whatever the situation . 
He tried to hit me , kept pummelling me with his podgy fists , but he could n't summon up the necessary enthusiasm .
My father 's family name being Pirrip , and my Christian name Philip , my infant tongue could make of both names nothing longer or more explicit than Pip . 
Sonar contacts were then photographed in order that the Commission could assign recovery priorities .
Ramey could hear the crowd coming up rapidly behind him and the questioning voices coming over his shoulder had no identity or importance to him .
The weakness still lived in his body but his urge to draw was reviving , he could feel it . 
But whether the two men could be friends much longer was becoming a dark and ugly question .
They then point out that with our present lack of knowledge of all the factors concerned in the rise and fall of epidemics , it is unlikely that a planned episode could be initiated .
Suzie Chamfer , a sturdy , high-spirited child with thick brown hair which no ribbon could effectively restrain , became Victoria 's best friend .
She could not convince me at the time that anything bad could happen , now that I had finally ` solved " my eating problems , and for a short time I felt jubilant , relieved and ecstatic . 
This action worsened the emerging crisis because the random placement of the spent fuel rods in a temporary storage pond compromised the IAEA 's capacity to reconstruct the operational history of the reactor , which could have been used in efforts to account for the discrepancies in Pyongyang 's reported plutonium reprocessing .
Long acquaintance with the clergy had convinced him that priests could not tell one layman from the next if they happened to be on their own administrative staff .
She enjoyed the company of the Ducks , because she could talk with them to her heart ' s content ; the Tortoise liked to talk .
As I regained my composure I could see a wide grin on the Frenchman 's face . 
Perhaps you could acquire a taste for decaffeinated coffee or one of the many herb or fruit teas . 
It gave off a fragrant smell which stirred my memory though I could not place it . 
We are concerned that S. 556 's short timeframes for installation of controls could lead power plants to be taken off-line at important times , which could lead to electricity shortages .
'' If successful , working visits to Beijing by US Treasury Secretary Larry Summers and Under-Secretary of State Thomas Pickering could go a long way in getting day-to-day links back to the level they were before Nato 's bombing of China 's embassy in Belgrade , '' the paper said .
There seems to be an unfortunate assumption that an hour of Chicago-style jazz in prime evening time , for example , could not be justified without the trimmings of a portentous documentary .
I answer that I could not have declined them except by explaining to my husband , and there are some things the soul cannot do , as the body cannot fly .
Were this world an endless plain , and by sailing eastward we could for ever reach new distances , and discover sights more sweet and strange than any Cyclades or Islands of King Solomon , then there were promise in the voyage .
Moreover , I think most managers know this intuitively and have only lacked a workable structure and a decent intellectual justification for what they have always known could work , and work well . 
It is likely to get as much as $ 800 million initially in additional funds , and eventually could get more than $ 1 billion , according to Mr. Fazio , a member of the House Appropriations Committee .
The lad has learned a harsh lesson for doing something daft , but this type of injury could happen to any player at any time in training . 
She should put it off as long as she could ;" but was not easy till she had talked Charles into driving her over on an early day , and was in a very animated , comfortable state of imaginary agitation , when she came back .
Keegan said : ` Franz thought he should be in the team to show what he could do .
Pity would be no more If we did not make somebody poor , And Mercy no more could be If all were as happy as we .
He found all the world at supper , but no entreaties could prevail upon him to disclose his secret .
He wished he could say something encouraging , but he did n't feel encouraged . 
Dr . Bull , who had always been the optimist of the party , endeavoured to persuade the other four that the whole company could take the same hansom cab from Victoria ; but this was over - ruled , and they went in a four - wheeler , with Dr . Bull on the box , singing .
She took the first opportunity of affronting her mother - in - law on the occasion , talking to her so expressively of her brother ' s great expectations , of Mrs . Ferrars ' s resolution that both her sons should marry well , and of the danger attending any young woman who attempted to DRAW HIM IN ; that Mrs . Dashwood could neither pretend to be unconscious , nor endeavor to be calm .
" Oh no ; as to leaving the little boy ," both father and mother were in much too strong and recent alarm to bear the thought ; and Anne , in the joy of the escape , could not help adding her warm protestations to theirs .
`` If that gets people excited , it could serve as an impetus to the fixed-income markets to lower their rates , '' he added .
Jenna had never heard her own name said with so much accusation and all she could do was nod her head , words sticking in her throat at the blast of displeasure in the dark voice . 
All that remained to be done was to be speedy ; and , therefore staying only till she could leave Mrs . Jennings ' s maid with her sister , she hurried down stairs .
It was he who had suggested , rather firmly , that Chantal could be given boiled goat 's milk when she woke in the night , and he had improvised a feeding bottle from his medical supplies so that he could be the one to get up . 
It was extremely difficult to know what to do with a giant who loped along at your side and who could reach out and pluck you from your horse 's back with one hand . 
Chandler left Carroll at the bottom of the hill to direct any reinforcements he could find to the fight .
The movie 's zigs and zags are too entertaining to divulge , but it 's permissible to say that Clooney and Jennifer Lopez , as a Miami-based government marshal , meet cute : She gets shut up with him in the trunk of a getaway car and is hostage to his chatter about movies , a life of crime , and how he wishes he had met her in a bar so he could have picked her up .
Other manufacturers have voiced the thought that these constant transmissions could swamp the mains . 
When she sings something like ` Nothing Left At All " you can almost feel the sky closing in tight above you , getting so close that you could reach up with a broomstick and touch it . 
I went and stood in the sitting room doorway , but I could n't get any further -- my legs would n't move . 
Could she have believed it a week ago ; three hours ago !
Rosburg had started early in the day , and by the time Palmer and Player were on the course -- separated , as they were destined to be for the rest of the weekend , by about half an hour -- they could see on the numerous scoreboards spotted around the course that Rosburg , who ended with a 73 , was not having a good day .
But as the months passed and the winter fogs thickened , Mr Punch discovered a new source of inspiration in the hoop-skirt , transforming it into an ingenious anti-garotte device whereby its flowing dimensions could prevent a street robber from approaching his intended victim . 
The accounts of the British retreat from Mons in August stressed how an outnumbered British force had proved themselves the equal of anything the vaunted German infantry could throw at them . 
We advertised for people who had previous experience so they could set the system up from scratch .
They could be sent to U.S. ports for rulings whether cargo should be confiscated .
Keeping them functioning , not to mention well-maintained , was a formidable task , as not all routes could traverse the world on purely British turf . 
DIAL-A-JOB firms advertising bogus vacancies could soon be outlawed . 
He began to realize from the nature of these sites how the leys could have been constructed . 
Mr . Knightley , in fact , was one of the few people who could see faults in Emma Woodhouse , and the only one who ever told her of them : and though this was not particularly agreeable to Emma herself , she knew it would be so much less so to her father , that she would not have him really suspect such a circumstance as her not being thought perfect by every body .
But after Derrida 's essay , Foucault abandoned his claims that certain forms of literature could effect such a critical , reflective detachment . 
But to have Sammy Jay call everybody within hearing to come and see him was more than he could stand .
The whole gave him a sensation , the vividness of which he could not explain , that Nature was always making quite mysterious jokes .
The piece opens with the report 's observation that , `` About 2.3 billion people , roughly half the population of the developing world , live in places where the AIDS epidemic has barely begun , and even mildly successful prevention programs could have enormous benefits . ''
But yet -- he is not the kind of young man -- there is something wanting -- his figure is not striking ; it has none of that grace which I should expect in the man who could seriously attach my sister .
Milman Parry rigorously defended the observation that the extant Homeric poems are largely formulaic , and was led to postulate that they could be shown entirely formulaic if the complete corpus of Greek epic survived ; ;
And since John Parker 's death could not be God 's fault because He was perfect , it had to be the fault of either herself or her son . 
She appeared to me to play well , that is , with considerable taste , but I know nothing of the matter myself .-- I am excessively fond of music , but without the smallest skill or right of judging of any body ' s performance .-- I have been used to hear her ' s admired ; and I remember one proof of her being thought to play well :-- a man , a very musical man , and in love with another woman -- engaged to her -- on the point of marriage -- would yet never ask that other woman to sit down to the instrument , if the lady in question could sit down instead -- never seemed to like to hear one if he could hear the other .
For a time teachers of literature could assume that they were in but not of the academy , and keep a healthy distance from institutional pressures . 
Bushes and vines abetted the rocks in forming thorny detours for the struggling stranger , and without the direct light of the sun to act as compass , Pamela could no longer be positive of her direction .
Christian preachers attempted , without much success , to persuade their congregations to fast while inebriated pagans feasted and to give alms to the very poor who could give no present in return . ) 
For it is clear that the total number of ordinary intersections of C and Af must be even ( otherwise , starting in the interior of C , Af could not finally return to the interior ) , and the center of rotation at T is the argument of the function , not a value .
Most secondary schools have now reached double figures in their stocks of micros -- but only a few years ago the authors of a book ( Howe and Ross , 1981 ) could gently suggest that ` we can readily envisage the time when every educational institution in the country will have access to at least one microcomputer '' .
" I could kill you with my left hand before such a rat as you could so much as squeak .
In half an hour the arrowroot was returned , with a thousand thanks from Miss Bates , but " dear Jane would not be satisfied without its being sent back ; it was a thing she could not take -- and , moreover , she insisted on her saying , that she was not at all in want of any thing ."
He was now a very effective reader of his own work -- his theatrical instincts were here most valuable and , as Edmund Wilson noted , he could communicate a feeling of intense excitement to his audiences .
Was that boredom she could detect in his voice ? 
Tournaments were disapproved of by ecclesiastics , for they could be both bloody and dangerous . 
Now , my dear madam , I will release you ; but I could not conclude before .
In the old filthy dungeons men could carve their prayers or protests in the rock .
A U.S. decision to refuse the IMF its capital increase , or limit it to 25 % , would bring a major change in international economic policy , and could not be taken lightly .
Paintwork supplied by International for all ten yachts survived the voyage in remarkably good condition , standing up to everything the oceans could throw at it . 
Alice was very nearly getting up and saying , ' Thank you , sir , for your interesting story ,' but she could not help thinking there MUST be more to come , so she sat still and said nothing .
` I 'm so happy you could make it , my favourite jockey . " 
Not free , what proof could they have given sincere Of true allegiance , constant faith or love , Where only what they needs must do appear ' d , Not what they would ?
That trend could increase demand for hot-dipped galvanized sheet .
The source of the sand raises an interesting question , because it is difficult to see how such amounts could have been accumulated by the wind .
Improved efficiency in electrical appliances could be encouraged by making labelling on new items mandatory so consumers could choose the ` greeenest model " .
The preparations must take their time , nothing could be properly ready till the third week were entered on , and for a few days they must be planning , proceeding and hoping in uncertainty -- at the risk -- in her opinion , the great risk , of its being all in vain .
My mother looked annoyed and inclined to dispute this but , naturally , she could n't . 
The Employment Appeal Tribunal considered that multiple interviews ` could readily have been arranged without inconvenience or dislocation to the company " and that there was insufficient evidence that the need for secrecy precluded consultation . 
By all accounts Tarshish could have been no other city than the modern Cadiz .
you have done me good , My soul prepared in the mountains absorbs your immortal strong nutriment , Long had I walk ' d my cities , my country roads through farms , only half satisfied , One doubt nauseous undulating like a snake , crawl ' d on the ground before me , Continually preceding my steps , turning upon me oft , ironically hissing low ; The cities I loved so well I abandon ' d and left , I sped to the certainties suitable to me , Hungering , hungering , hungering , for primal energies and Nature ' s dauntlessness , I refresh ' d myself with it only , I could relish it only , I waited the bursting forth of the pent fire -- on the water and air waited long ; But now I no longer wait , I am fully satisfied , I am glutted , I have witness ' d the true lightning , I have witness ' d my cities electric , I have lived to behold man burst forth and warlike America rise , Hence I will seek no more the food of the northern solitary wilds , No more the mountains roam or sail the stormy sea .
The defense attorneys argued that the denial of a chance to cross-examine Fuhrman about racist statements could result in reversal should Simpson be convicted .
Instead of giving your mum chocolates ( or cake as they did in those days ) , you could treat her to a special melon basket , which can be prepared the day before .
When I kissed the dark mole , she laughed again and held the back of my head , tight so I could n't breathe . 
Elinor could not suppose that Sir John would be more nice in proclaiming his suspicions of her regard for Edward , than he had been with respect to Marianne ; indeed it was rather his favourite joke of the two , as being somewhat newer and more conjectural ; and since Edward ' s visit , they had never dined together without his drinking to her best affections with so much significancy and so many nods and winks , as to excite general attention .
If the care programme approach is adopted by user and carer interests it could be used to articulate the needs of consumers with mental health problems and express these to commissioners or planners .
`` What could I do with your lousy dead bodies ? ?
Conceivably , in a scaled-back buy-out , they could be bumped back to coach seats for life .
` I could have you flogged senseless for what you did , Sung .
Although such figures might create public alarm , the main reason given for non-reporting was because the offence was considered too trivial to waste police time ( 38 per cent of reasons given ) , or that the police could do nothing about it ( 16 per cent ) .
She stole away before anyone could talk to her . 
` This one , " she ordered briefly and was off again before he could settle the awkward burden conveniently in his arms . 
Many mills met their fate in storms when they were ` tailwinded " , in other words , the wind caught the sails from behind after suddenly changing direction before the sails could be rotated . 
I could n't bear the mournful look on his face . 
It could be some kind of trick Budd had thought up .
16 : 5 Then Rezin king of Syria and Pekah son of Remaliah king of Israel came up to Jerusalem to war : and they besieged Ahaz , but could not overcome him .
We could n't even export boats to other countries .
And before the others could appreciate his intention he snatched up the dagger , sprang at the other door at the lower end of the passage , burst it open , bolt and all , and confronted Bruno in his dressing - room .
It was n't fair that he could make her senses rocket in such a devastating way . 
-- Mr . Elton was appealed to .--" Was not it astonishingly like ?-- She could really almost fancy herself at Maple Grove ."
As Queequeg ' s Ramadan , or Fasting and Humiliation , was to continue all day , I did not choose to disturb him till towards night - fall ; for I cherish the greatest respect towards everybody ' s religious obligations , never mind how comical , and could not find it in my heart to undervalue even a congregation of ants worshipping a toad - stool ; or those other creatures in certain parts of our earth , who with a degree of footmanism quite unprecedented in other planets , bow down before the torso of a deceased landed proprietor merely on account of the inordinate possessions yet owned and rented in his name .
He was nearer to the truth than he could have ever known .
He was the only person in the world who could at that moment be forgiven for not being Willoughby ; the only one who could have gained a smile from her ; but she dispersed her tears to smile on HIM , and in her sister ' s happiness forgot for a time her own disappointment .
In the whole of her subsequent manner , she traced the direction of a mind awakened to reasonable exertion ; for no sooner had they entered their common sitting - room , than Marianne turned her eyes around it with a look of resolute firmness , as if determined at once to accustom herself to the sight of every object with which the remembrance of Willoughby could be connected .-- She said little , but every sentence aimed at cheerfulness , and though a sigh sometimes escaped her , it never passed away without the atonement of a smile .
Her touch became lighter until all I could feel was the heat radiating from her palms . 
I should not have thought it possible you could forget what passed in this very room about court - plaister , one of the very last times we ever met in it !-- It was but a very few days before I had my sore throat -- just before Mr . and Mrs . John Knightley came -- I think the very evening .-- Do not you remember his cutting his finger with your new penknife , and your recommending court - plaister ?-- But , as you had none about you , and knew I had , you desired me to supply him ; and so I took mine out and cut him a piece ; but it was a great deal too large , and he cut it smaller , and kept playing some time with what was left , before he gave it back to me .
She soon caught his eye , and he immediately bowed , but without attempting to speak to her , or to approach Marianne , though he could not but see her ; and then continued his discourse with the same lady .
It is quite clear from studies of aboriginal peoples elsewhere that they could be astute traders and politicians , using the European newcomers for their own ends as much as they were being used . 
The class sympathies which , false as they are , are the truest things in so many men , broke out of Syme before he could control them .
Harriet could not long resist so delightful a persuasion .
they would feed on its surface , leaving it clean so that it could be medically treated .
` Even a blind man could see that I hold all the cards in this situation , " he told her flatly as she trailed slowly and miserably into the room behind him . 
Members of a trade regularly brought together in workplace or community could acknowledge regular leaders and develop and insist on customary work practices without embedding any of this in formal regulations and procedures . 
Caroline begged that she might , as she could plait very neatly , she said .
So Peter Abelard could argue that those who crucified Christ had not sinned because they genuinely believed that they were acting rightly .
The priest was the only one who could declare a person to be healed from their leprosy .
I 've tried to find work on a night time when my parents or my boyfriend could look after the kiddie but there just is n't that much of that kind of work around .
She was still in the astonishment and confusion excited by her friend ' s penetration , unable to imagine how any report of Captain Wentworth could have reached her .
When they say that under no circumstances would it ever be right to `` permit '' the termination of the human race by human action , because there could not possibly be any proportionate grave reason to justify such a thing , they know exactly what they mean .
Earlier , he was accused of insulting the Africans by holding his nose because he could not stand the smell .
She was evidently displeased ; looked up , and seeing herself watched , blushed more deeply than he had ever perceived her , and saying only , " I did not know that proper names were allowed ," pushed away the letters with even an angry spirit , and looked resolved to be engaged by no other word that could be offered .
This provided us with an opportunity to investigate the whales to see if we could discover anything about them that might explain why they had beached themselves . 
They could go there again with them in the autumn .
The quarter of a company of any kind of soldiers could have blown us over the precipice .
Jake jumped out and strode round to the passenger door , but before he could open it Kirsty appeared , flinging herself at him and squealing , ` Uncle Jake ! 
Having impulsively , it is probable , and perhaps somewhat prematurely revealed the prime but private purpose of the Pequod ' s voyage , Ahab was now entirely conscious that , in so doing , he had indirectly laid himself open to the unanswerable charge of usurpation ; and with perfect impunity , both moral and legal , his crew if so disposed , and to that end competent , could refuse all further obedience to him , and even violently wrest from him the command .
As long as you can show that they owed you a legal duty to be careful and have been negligent , damages could come your way .
Thus , just at the moment when the Battle of Verdun was about to enter its grimmest phase , the one man on the German side who could have put an end to the butchery was impotent to do so . 
She was sure that Barbara would n't think so , not if she remembered her vow that Liz could always count on her . 
Luther Reynolds ridiculed David in front of her , belittling him in such a way as to destroy any respect she might have had for her husband ; although she could not help but like him a little . 
The whole of the vale of Pickering lay spread out before the two riders , stretching as far as the eye could see . 
` A-actually , " she managed to stammer as haughtily as she could , ` I 'm not playing at all , but you wo n't believe me . " 
In heavenly Spirits could such perverseness dwell ?
Riven looked for a path , but could discern none through the snow and the frozen boulders . 
but yet their they spend all the money on drug testing and if they were n't spending all the money on drug testing people could have got a raise so see there you know there 's different
No-one could have told from his face that he was absolutely livid with Sukey , but he did n't want a row , which would upset Daisy and gee Perdita up before the interview . 
On the eve of the `` great debate '' on the proposal to give the President broad powers to make across-the-board tariff concessions which could practically bring us into the Atlantic Community , we should face the alternatives on this proposition .
The only place I could think of was Stonehenge which must have been spanking new then and as up to date as a Hilton or an out-of-town Sainsburys .
She felt herself a most fortunate woman ; and she had lived long enough to know how fortunate she might well be thought , where the only regret was for a partial separation from friends whose friendship for her had never cooled , and who could ill bear to part with her .
Hefty young chap like that could have swatted her out of the way with one hand ! " 
Meanwhile the driving scud , rack , and mist , grew darker with the shadows of night ; no sign of the ship could be seen .
Pale yellow snapdragons that by pinching could be made to bite ; ;
Isabella then went to Emma ; but Emma could not so entirely give up the hope of their being all able to get away ; and they were still discussing the point , when Mr . Knightley , who had left the room immediately after his brother ' s first report of the snow , came back again , and told them that he had been out of doors to examine , and could answer for there not being the smallest difficulty in their getting home , whenever they liked it , either now or an hour hence .
Could you give us a job , Mr. ''
" You judged from your knowledge of the Colonel ' s general benevolence ; but at least you could not foresee that the opportunity would so very soon occur ."
Might even go nursing -- I did a bit once -- and I could live in the hostel . " 
Of ownership -- as if one fit to own things could not at pleasure enter upon all , and incorporate them into himself or herself ; Of vista -- suppose some sight in arriere through the formative chaos , presuming the growth , fulness , life , now attain ' d on the journey , ( But I see the road continued , and the journey ever continued ;) Of what was once lacking on earth , and in due time has become supplied -- and of what will yet be supplied , Because all I see and know I believe to have its main purport in what will yet be supplied .
So I was drawn for a militiaman ; but when I thought how loth you and I would be to part , I was main glad to hear that I could get off by paying eight or nine guineas for a substitute -- only I had not the nine guineas -- for , you know , we had bad luck with our sheep this year , and they died away one after another -- but that was no excuse , so I went to Attorney Case , and , with a power of difficulty , I got him to lend me the money ; for which , to be sure , I gave him something , and left my lease of our farm with him , as he insisted upon it , by way of security for the loan .
The delightful assurance of her total indifference towards Frank Churchill , of her having a heart completely disengaged from him , had given birth to the hope , that , in time , he might gain her affection himself ;-- but it had been no present hope -- he had only , in the momentary conquest of eagerness over judgment , aspired to be told that she did not forbid his attempt to attach her .-- The superior hopes which gradually opened were so much the more enchanting .-- The affection , which he had been asking to be allowed to create , if he could , was already his !-- Within half an hour , he had passed from a thoroughly distressed state of mind , to something so like perfect happiness , that it could bear no other name .
`` If there is another bad trade number , there could be an awful lot of pressure , '' noted Simon Briscoe , U.K. economist for Midland Montagu , a unit of Midland Bank PLC .
Could I suggest that cycle lanes be incorporated into the wide stretch of the Lanark Road between Gillespie and Inglis Green ?
Habits of thought and speech die hard , and even educated men , trying to think new thoughts , could find only the old words -- the ` fenced opposites " , either God or devil . 
He had done his duty and could return to his son .
The next day was exceedingly still and sultry , and with nothing special to engage them , the Pequod ' s crew could hardly resist the spell of sleep induced by such a vacant sea .
The dairy , when you could have it to yourself , was a far more entertaining place than the laundry , and less lonely and special than the game larder . 
How she could have been so deceived !-- He protested that he had never thought seriously of Harriet -- never !
How it might be considered by the rest of the party , she could not tell .
That could however have been also due to the fact that on her third night in this world , although the Germans had never previously visited Hertfordshire , we got a bomb on the front of the hospital . 
The doctor stood about , waiting for Alex to dress , with a show of impatience , and soon they were moving , as quietly as could be , through the still-dark hallways , past the bedroom of the patronne , and so into the street .
You see when he had found the heads of those trout on the bank he knew right away that some one else had been fishing , and that was why he couldn ' t catch any ; but it didn ' t seem possible that little Billy Mink could have eaten all those trout , and Farmer Brown ' s boy didn ' t once think of Little Joe Otter , and so he was very , very much puzzled .
" Well , for instance ," said Syme , " he could never convert that person ," and he pointed straight in front of him .
The knocking of their hammers on the rock could lead a man to good ground , but their knocking on wood foretold possible imminent disaster . 
And there was no way in which Bint Pomona could be induced , cajoled , enticed , bribed , threatened , or made to oblige people in any way . 
Her voice was not unsteady ; but her mind was in all the perturbation that such a development of self , such a burst of threatening evil , such a confusion of sudden and perplexing emotions , must create .-- She listened with much inward suffering , but with great outward patience , to Harriet ' s detail .-- Methodical , or well arranged , or very well delivered , it could not be expected to be ; but it contained , when separated from all the feebleness and tautology of the narration , a substance to sink her spirit -- especially with the corroborating circumstances , which her own memory brought in favour of Mr . Knightley ' s most improved opinion of Harriet .
A last-minute endeavour by royalists to save the King at all costs could not be ruled out . 
Jurnet could see his lips -- the red , perpetually moist lips of an old man -- moving , hear the inarticulate hum of what he was saying . 
If only she could understand the excruciating pain her boys are suffering when she treats them like this , and realise that they will carry that pain for the rest of their lives .
When this operation was successfully performed , which it certainly could never have been if Philip had not held the hen for Susan , he recollected that his mother had sent him with a message to Mrs . Price .
Mr Elliot would do nothing , and she could do nothing herself , equally disabled from personal exertion by her state of bodily weakness , and from employing others by her want of money .
` Borrow , " repeated Maria , wishing she could bite off her tongue as soon as the word had slipped out . 
24 BILL : I knew I could count on you .
The three of us would chat about anything and everything for a while then Alan would take him into the surgery so that they could be private . " 
Even if you just use them as memory joggers, they could prove invaluable if there is ever a quarrel about who actually said what and when . 
Though much might be fancy , he could not doubt , when he looked back , that she was in a weaker state of health than she had been half a year ago .
Inside the garden hedge , he could see that the house , though unpretentious enough , was larger and more luxurious than it looked at first , and was quite a different kind of place from a porter ' s lodge .
" Which could be quite certain of discovering a toy pistol ," said Father Brown with a smile .
This piece of rudeness was more than Alice could bear : she got up in great disgust , and walked off ; the Dormouse fell asleep instantly , and neither of the others took the least notice of her going , though she looked back once or twice , half hoping that they would call after her : the last time she saw them , they were trying to put the Dormouse into the teapot .
The trouble was that I had eaten something which did n't agree with me and I was a little bilious and dizzy with it , so that I could not get to the theatre last night . " 
He could think he was following the rule , when he was in fact not doing so ; the new sensation could seem to resemble the original one , when it does not resemble it in fact . 
Even you , used as you are to great sums , would hardly believe that so much could be given to a young person like Jane ."
He appeared to have a very open temper -- certainly a very cheerful and lively one ; she could observe nothing wrong in his notions , a great deal decidedly right ; he spoke of his uncle with warm regard , was fond of talking of him -- said he would be the best man in the world if he were left to himself ; and though there was no being attached to the aunt , he acknowledged her kindness with gratitude , and seemed to mean always to speak of her with respect .
But of course the market could decide that the firm 's capital stock -- its assets -- means nothing if the firm is not producing profits .
You laughed and then your chest swelled and you felt you could cry for a little bit , and then a feeling hit you like a chill in your stomach and the goose bumps rippled along your arm .
In war , on a night like this , it was only the outward emotions that mattered , what could be flung out into the darkness to damage others .
Anne could not immediately fall into a quotation again .
At first I could not understand -- but then when she had , whispering , explained properly , I was filled with a desolate , despairing horror . 
But Grand Met could ask her to leave with just one month 's notice if they find a taker for the 20-year lease . 
As he sang , the tears flowed from the bandages , sliding slowly down his pale cheeks , till Donald , playing for him , wished he could play one-handed to wipe his own eyes . 
Blanche knew all this because the door to Stanley's office was open and , without straining too hard , she could hear everything that was said .
Leggett has argued that the countries should also be monitoring the effects of global warming on the thinning of the Arctic icecap and the release of methane from thawing tundra , both which could worsen global warming . 
If sufficient forces could be raised at short notice , the robbed would pursue the robbers on ` hot trod " , with the right to reclaim their goods by force and deal with the wrongdoers out of hand . 
For could the sun do that , then could I do the other ; since there is ever a sort of fair play herein , jealousy presiding over all creations .
" His regard for her , infinitely surpassing anything that Willoughby ever felt or feigned , as much more warm , as more sincere or constant -- which ever we are to call it -- has subsisted through all the knowledge of dear Marianne ' s unhappy prepossession for that worthless young man !-- and without selfishness -- without encouraging a hope !-- could he have seen her happy with another -- Such a noble mind !-- such openness , such sincerity !-- no one can be deceived in HIM ."
A hardman womaniser , McAvoy bragged he could control his share from his cell . 
well the thing of it is if i wanted to just uh you know permanently become a book reader i guess i could just uh you know uh go on public assistance uh
Sophy , who could not easily bear to be laughed at , with some little indignation , said , " Brother , I wish --"
Indeed , in one longitudinal study in normal women , significant metabolic differences could be found over only one month in the third trimester . 
However , he could display a hasty temper , as noted in an incident which took place in Wandsworth , and even on occasion came under suspicion of unethical behaviour . 
It was warm under the skin rugs , and now that Madra had taken off most of her winter clothing he could feel the shape of her curved next to him .
So when he started to look for berries , he made up his mind that he would eat what he could in a great hurry and get back to the Green Forest before Farmer Brown ' s boy was more than out of bed .
Rosamond thought , but she could not find out any reason ; besides , she suddenly recollected that she had not time to think any longer ; for there was a certain work - basket to be finished , which she was making for her cousin Bell , as a present upon her birthday .
It could have unilaterally abandoned further testing on the grounds of the radiation hazard to future generations .
Of course this is where a mountain bike could come in handy , but you 'd have to put up with walkers pointing at you and shouting ` tosser " , and landowners chasing after you with a stick as another slice of expensive path slides into the burn after being cut neatly away by fat tyres . 
` I was so nervous and fatigued that I could n't concentrate . 
Between Barton and Delaford , there was that constant communication which strong family affection would naturally dictate ;-- and among the merits and the happiness of Elinor and Marianne , let it not be ranked as the least considerable , that though sisters , and living almost within sight of each other , they could live without disagreement between themselves , or producing coolness between their husbands .
At the time , with the glasses on , she had imagined she could faintly discern the shape of a skull under Cheeks ' plump face . 
Estimates vary on how soon North Korea could begin operating a uranium enrichment plant , but North Korea probably could not produce significant quantities of weapons-grade HEU until the end of the decade . 
But we were concerned now to keep our barge arrangements secret from the Friends of the Tourists , for they could easily thwart us , if they chose to , by denouncing our plans to the authorities . 
He could feel the old wood beneath his fingers , smell the strong pine scent of the fire . 
It was no use brooding about it , but what else could she do ? 
Yet even if he could get the necessary approval , fourteen of his Negroes could not be manumitted without special permission .
I wish I could give you a simple straightforward answer , like " Each joke should be separated from the one before it by at least 1050 words ' . 
I could not terminate Adolph Ng so conveniently . 
Furthermore , a plutonium bomb would have to be tested before North Korea could use it with confidence .
I could drop in at your place about five or six .
Just because she had a part on the stage in the old country , she thought she could carry her head higher than ours '' .
It is so old that even as long ago as four thousand years it had people who dug in the mines , and knew how to weave cloth and to make beautiful ornaments out of gold , and who could fight and make laws ; but we do not know just where they came from , nor exactly how they lived .
The wind bored a hole between his shoulder blades , and when he looked at the choppy waves coming and going and crossing each other he could see his head down there , bleeding , wedged between the rocks and the waves .
She could see it in the covert glances of the London girls , some of whom had been planning how to look at the Belvoir dance for the past month . 
Our sail was now set , and , with the still rising wind , we rushed along ; the boat going with such madness through the water , that the lee oars could scarcely be worked rapidly enough to escape being torn from the row - locks .
` You do n't think that fellow Burrows could have done it ? " asked Frobisher. 'From what I gather , he 's still at large . "
considerations could support recommendation of rate and classification changes tailored to the capabilities and needs of particular mailers .
He was the captain , so he could ask questions like that .
Sometimes they stood and looked up at the Cloud , as if they were praying , and saying , " Ah , if you could help us !"
` You 've already dismantled the link to Kirov , so there 's no way the authorities could prove he had n't acted on his own initiative .
We could scarcely find eighty in our great land of over 180 million people .
The only available field that could be used near flood-ravaged Montpelier was on the Towne farm off upper Main Street , a narrow hillside where takeoffs and landings could be safely made only under light wind conditions .
Sen. Boren said the committee could n't defend itself by making the documents public because that would violate classification rules .
It was impossible but that Mrs Clay must hate the sight of Mr Elliot ; and yet she could assume a most obliging , placid look , and appear quite satisfied with the curtailed license of devoting herself only half as much to Sir Walter as she would have done otherwise .
As this was an amusement which he could enjoy without any sort of exertion , he soon grew so fond of it , that every day he returned to the stable yard , and the horse block became his constant seat .
It could be the key to securing millions of pounds of European funds which can be used to address the multiple deprivation , economic and social problems facing the region . 
She could tell nothing of Hartfield , in which Mrs . Weston had not a lively concern ; and half an hour ' s uninterrupted communication of all those little matters on which the daily happiness of private life depends , was one of the first gratifications of each .
It was the last time in history anybody could do something gloriously like that '' .
You could try using a serum -- these non-sticky liquids are excellent for smoothing the cuticles and wrapping hair in shine . 
It could take several weeks before the fire is completely extinguished .
However , she did not like to be rude , so she bore it as well as she could .
From you , her mother , and so kind , so indulgent a mother , the question could not give offence .
Such an instrument is expected to be especially useful if it could be used to measure the elasticity of heavy pastes such as printing inks , paints , adhesives , molten plastics , and bread dough , for the elasticity is related to those various properties termed `` length '' , `` shortness '' , `` spinnability '' , etc. , which are usually judged by subjective methods at present .
Then the stable could be either beyond the cow-house or adjoin the barn on the other side .
I just could n't take a journey in a confined space with a man who pronounced Sgurr na Ciste Duibhe as Sisty Dub and did n't think it was as good as the Lake District . 
How could Mr. Waddicar be limping doggedly along the corridor when she could see him outside in the yard ? 
Emma could not like what bordered on a reflection on Mr . Weston , and had half a mind to take it up ; but she struggled , and let it pass .
The 7:45 bell rang and he could hear the outside doors bang shut , closing in the assembled day watch .
Could there have been any unpleasant glances ?
But at that moment he chanced to turn his face so towards the light , that I plainly saw they could not be sticking - plasters at all , those black squares on his cheeks .
You did not light it , Better men than you , men who could believe and obey , twisted the entrails of iron and preserved the legend of fire .
` How could anyone despise a country which gave us the Renaissance , Venice , Michelangelo ? " 
Ms. Davis said the new machines could steal some sales away from Olivetti 's own minicomputers , but would bring new sales among professionals such as engineers , stockbrokers and medical doctors .
She could easily have slapped her for that remark , which was silly really , but nonetheless that was how she felt . 
" Perhaps I ought to have reasoned thus ," he replied , " but I could not .
These things both express and , at the same time , continue contributing to , their identity diffusion in an area that could have become a source of developing dignity and self-certainty .
With multiple member districts the still fragmentary local party organizations could have operated more effectively and parties might have been encouraged to state their positions more clearly .
He thought with pity of her future , as he knew her marriage to Troy could not be happy for long . 
I could only see part of the foot - board of the bed and a line of the wall , but nothing more .
" I am rather of a jealous temper too by nature , and from our different situations in life , from his being so much more in the world than me , and our continual separation , I was enough inclined for suspicion , to have found out the truth in an instant , if there had been the slightest alteration in his behaviour to me when we met , or any lowness of spirits that I could not account for , or if he had talked more of one lady than another , or seemed in any respect less happy at Longstaple than he used to be .
What Lincoln could not concede was that the states rather than the people were sovereign in the Union .
" Miss Rome sent for me , and I came as quickly as I could .
Other species had radiator-type cranial frills and horns through which blood vessels could dilate and cool , rather like the blood vessels in mammalian horns ( such as in stags , antelopes , etc . ) . 
Play could also be abandoned today in the fifth one-day international after an agreement reached yesterday about what to do if there is crowd misbehaviour among the 25,000 sell-out crowd .
Felix could see a man in the shining armour and plumed helmet of a Reiksguard knight . 
If they came in low they could see the target ahead , but the bomb was travelling at the same speed as the Kitty , and it bounced and skipped far past the target . 
17 : 8 And the man departed out of the city from Bethlehemjudah to sojourn where he could find a place : and he came to mount Ephraim to the house of Micah , as he journeyed .
He could hardly suppose I should neglect them .
He moved into the little kitchen which led from the sitting-room and soon Nelly could hear the tap running . 
Moreover , I , for one , should like to know the source that pins down to California the expression so low he could sit on a cigarette paper and hand his feet over the edge : given no gloss , does this refer to low depressed , low degraded , or low abject ?
He did ; and then it seemed to me that he was dogging us , but with what intent I could not for the life of me imagine .
Where did it say I could n't go unarmed if I wanted to ?
He thought that with care he could succeed , in spite of all the people around him , in conveying an impression of the institution , subtly and delicately false .
We were so close that I could see the unhappy mixture of terror and subservience in his face .
And she was deeply thankful that she could see her now , out there in the midst of a gay , youthful circle , skipping and singing , `` Farmer in the dell , Farmer in the dell , Heigh-ho the dairy-oh , the farmer in the dell '' .
Then Stephen swore that he could drop everyone at their digs in the Argyll . 
` Of course , we were devastated , but we knew now what had been wrong all along -- and at least they could n't blame me any more . " 
Under this a corporation could be required to , say , build a new hospital , or pay for a motorway , school , nursery , or library . 
Mr. Duggan will still be tutoring in French from Kingsley Centre and one of his plans could be to set up a shop for Christian books , publications and cards in the Alton area . 
I asked the same questions inside the launch-control rooms of an Atlas missile base in Wyoming , where officers who wear sidearms are manning the `` commit buttons '' that could start a war -- accidentally or by design -- and in the command centers where other pistol-packing men could give orders to push such buttons .
What could be the point of life without that great sweeping tail that could scatter the stars across the sky , without the dark rumbling tenderness when they slept together after their soaring adventures . 
So nobody could get the court built .
But the captain , having some unusual reason for believing that rare good luck awaited him in those latitudes ; and therefore being very averse to quit them , and the leak not being then considered at all dangerous , though , indeed , they could not find it after searching the hold as low down as was possible in rather heavy weather , the ship still continued her cruisings , the mariners working at the pumps at wide and easy intervals ; but no good luck came ; more days went by , and not only was the leak yet undiscovered , but it sensibly increased .
I wish we could have all Devonshire here to see you do it ."
Olympic officials in the United States have warned athletes that a wonder drug they 're using to boost performances , could be lethal . 
On the contents of that letter depended all which this world could do for her .
I could not believe it .-- My mother was the first person who told me of it ; and I , feeling myself called on to act with resolution , immediately said to her , ' My dear madam , I do not know what you may intend to do on the occasion , but as for myself , I must say , that if Edward does marry this young woman , I never will see him again .'
' Twas Christmas - time , and her parents poor Could hardly drive the wolf from the door , Striving with poverty ' s patient pain Only to live till summer again .
Guests who still wanted to explore the lagoons and sea-flats could use Wavebreaker 's skiff . 
Ralph Williams is just 39 and for 30 of those years , he 's bought every ancient tractor or old machine he could get his hands on .
He never took pleasure in looking at my garden , or at anything that I did that was well done ; and he never gave me a share of anything that he had ; and so I did not like him ; how could I ?
But the final scenes could not be played .
he had found his style quite early in his career and he thought it quite wonderful that the world admired it , and he could not imagine why he should alter it .
Horrified that she could have been so thoughtless , Rory laid a beseeching hand on her arm . 
The phrase would bee more Germaine to the matter : If we could carry Cannon by our sides ; I would it might be Hangers till then ; but on sixe Barbary Horses against sixe French Swords : their Assignes , and three liberall conceited Carriages , that ' s the French but against the Danish ; why is this impon ' d as you call it ?
I still ca n't give you children -- well , only if we use IVF and they screen the embryos -- always assuming my vasectomy could be reversed . "
She was in dancing , singing , exclaiming spirits ; and till she had moved about , and talked to herself , and laughed and reflected , she could be fit for nothing rational .
Six years hence , if he could meet with a good sort of young woman in the same rank as his own , with a little money , it might be very desirable ."
Only interviews with the prime suspects could enlighten us now but , instead , they served to confuse still further . 
Boy , could she catch ! !
The tent that was discovered had clearly been occupied by Bonington ; it contained his possessions and therefore leaves the possibility that the notebook could have been his as well as Joe 's or Pete 's . 
" I saw her answer !-- nothing could be clearer ."
Short was the time , however , in which that fear could affect her , for within half an hour after Willoughby ' s leaving the house , she was again called down stairs by the sound of another carriage .-- Eager to save her mother from every unnecessary moment ' s horrible suspense , she ran immediately into the hall , and reached the outward door just in time to receive and support her as she entered it .
The section could have been summarized in the sidenote as ` arrest for non-arrestable offences " , but the draftsman did not dare to risk such Kafkaesque accuracy . 
At the earlier `` pre-academic excellence '' stage of Catholic education , the operation could be conducted on an intra-mural community basis .
41 : 17 And Pharaoh said unto Joseph , In my dream , behold , I stood upon the bank of the river : 41 : 18 And , behold , there came up out of the river seven kine , fatfleshed and well favoured ; and they fed in a meadow : 41 : 19 And , behold , seven other kine came up after them , poor and very ill favoured and leanfleshed , such as I never saw in all the land of Egypt for badness : 41 : 20 And the lean and the ill favoured kine did eat up the first seven fat kine : 41 : 21 And when they had eaten them up , it could not be known that they had eaten them ; but they were still ill favoured , as at the beginning .
It could n't be helped if she was a pickpocket .
A STAR ballerina hit in the face by an airgun pellet has been told : Dance one more pirouette and it could blind you . 
PLACE your bets with Bugsy and you could be jetting to Las Vegas for a week in the gambling capital of the world . 
He ran to look for it in the street , but could not find it , which I was very glad of ; but I was very sorry just now to find it myself lying upon this heap of shavings , sir , under this broken window ; for , as soon as I saw it lying there , I knew I must have been the person that broke the window ; and through this window came the white pigeon .
Pausing to watch the big man stride away , his broad shoulders bent as though beneath a great weight , Tilly despaired that she could do nothing to help him . 
He could almost feel hot , fetid breath warming his skin . 
The administration could not say why $28 million was needed for a grant-in-aid program .
He snarled at Buster Bear and called him a thief and everything bad he could think of .
I could tell you of plenty narrow escapes , but we take no notice of them now '' .
Mr McLevy said that the company had moved its position over the lay-offs and had agreed to the Advisory Conciliation and Arbitration Service 's being called in if negotiations could not be satisfactorily concluded .
He could not help wondering why a rousing cheer had not gone up as soon as the garrison had spotted his red uniform . 
An internal garage presents no problems for built-in lighting down the pit , but garages 20m down the garden could prove expensive in armoured cable . 
The Schwarzlose could also be fired from a monopod , turning it into a light machine-gun . 
A quarter inch this way or that for the hardbake , or the toffee , or the barley sugar , or the sardines , or the bitters , or the condensed milk , or the stationery , or the needles -- what could it mean ? ?
The Old Man's very soul could have left him and flown down that street , but he wouldn't have had anyone know it .
The weather affected Mr . Woodhouse , and he could only be kept tolerably comfortable by almost ceaseless attention on his daughter ' s side , and by exertions which had never cost her half so much before .
All they need is the planning permission and certainly the landowners will sell them the land , and if we put in stringent rules and regulations then we could control it properly . 
`` If the futures markets have a problem , then those products could have a problem , '' says John Zumbrunn , managing director of Prudential Insurance Co. of America 's Investment Index Technologies Inc. unit .
As bluntly as he could speak it , therefore , he told me that Marianne Dashwood was dying of a putrid fever at Cleveland -- a letter that morning received from Mrs . Jennings declared her danger most imminent -- the Palmers are all gone off in a fright , & c .-- I was too much shocked to be able to pass myself off as insensible even to the undiscerning Sir John .
Edison could hardly have guessed , however , that Sophocles would one day appear in stereo .
The idea of presenting a yearly ` report " to the European Parliament , as the Draft Treaty suggests , is laughably inadequate , since the author of such a report could put what he liked in it . 
Emma watched and decided , that with such feelings as were now shewn , it could not be fairly supposed that he had been ever voluntarily absenting himself ; that he had not been acting a part , or making a parade of insincere professions ; and that Mr . Knightley certainly had not done him justice .
But it does not , as it claims , demonstrate that this could not be treated by traditional methods .
He conceded that high levels of pollution could have affected the dolphin 's defence mechanisms making them vulnerable to attack by an infectious agent .
She could therefore only LOOK her tenderness , and after slightly addressing him , said no more .
Once upon a time , there was a little brown Field Mouse ; and one day he was out in the fields to see what he could find .
For by now the original cause of the quarrel , Philip's seizure of Gascony , was only one strand in the spider web of French interests that overlay all western Europe and that had been so well and closely spun that the lightest movement could set it trembling from one end to the other .
He longed greatly to know what the souls of the two women were like , and from their looks he could see only that they were gentle and honest .
Ramsay asked Fraser if he thought that they could risk assuming the Regent 's agreement to this , and grinning , that man averred that Sir Archie Douglas would agree to anything that spared him trouble . 
He could have sworn her teeth were chattering with fear . 
Such another small basin of thin gruel as his own was all that he could , with thorough self - approbation , recommend ; though he might constrain himself , while the ladies were comfortably clearing the nicer things , to say :
I was far from convinced of the truth of my statement , but could not think of anything that might evoke responses more quickly .
It was argued in that case that the taxpayer , however , could only be assessed on the income ( the gross income ) to the extent that he had power to enjoy it .
She could even pluck her eyebrows ! 
He brought his spade and shovel , and he made a hole , and he asked the old white horse to go down into it so that he could see if it would fit him .
Richard had been rebuilding and strengthening Clairvaux and his motives for doing so have long puzzled historians , since it was a step which could be interpreted as an infringement of his elder brother 's rights . 
nor was she moved by a letter from Wright pointing out that if he was not `` compelled to spend money on useless lawyer's bills , useless hotel bills , and useless doctor's bills '' , he could more quickly provide Miriam with a suitable home either in Los Angeles or Paris , as she preferred .
She also had a strong suspicion that , despite his kisses , Silas was thoroughly annoyed with her , and , while it made her feel depressed , she felt there was little she could do about it . 
Charity supposed that there could be at least an element of truth in that , though she did not feel comforted .
So far as we know , Ptolemy spent his whole life in Alexandria , which is well north of the Earth 's equator , so that he could not see the stars of the far south .
She was too certain that she had heard from her husband ' s own lips the words , " I MUST LEAVE YOU IN THREE DAYS "; and she wished that she could sleep again , and think it all a dream .
Still , the restructuring could create one of the most powerful alliances between advertising and media-buying firms that Europe has seen .
Conversely , the health of the tree clump could be transmitted out to the surrounding landscape , having the function of the kidneys in the body . 
He noted the rapid , undignified scramble by which the culprit extricated himself from the ropes on the river path , followed by ominous little trickles of loose earth ; and the exaggerated dignity with which he compensated as soon as he was clear , his slender back turned upon the voice that blasted him out of danger , his crest self-consciously reared in affected disregard of sounds which could not possibly be directed at him . 
If you live in London , yours could be the seventh pair of kidneys that your glass of water has passed through and chemicals used in farming today seep into the ground to pollute and contaminate the water . 
Lifting up her pink nightdress her mother had then smacked her behind as hard as she could , afterwards putting her face next to Carla 's and telling her that she had had enough . 
These results could be taken to suggest that the HR-associated pathway is not sufficient to induce SAR in the absence of the NPR1 -dependent , SA -associated pathway ( but see below for why this conclusion is not correct ) .
While she still could she turned swiftly round and went marching away to Sebastian 's room . 
He could coast along , asking nothing ; accepting everything , like the animals Vic admired so much , and staying out of trouble . 
His son was sent for as soon as his danger was known , and to him Mr . Dashwood recommended , with all the strength and urgency which illness could command , the interest of his mother - in - law and sisters .
It 's unlikely she 'd be suitable as a donor , she could probably be only a half-match at best . 
Emma understood him ; and as soon as she could recover from the flutter of pleasure , excited by such tender consideration , replied ,
I wonder how the young man could have the assurance to ask it .
) hung on a hook on the wall , and underneath it I could see his tie , knotted , ready to be slipped over his head , a black badge of frayed respectability that ought never to have left his neck .
She was eating bread and cheese just as fast as she possibly could , and washing it down with red wine .
But in the foamy confusion of their mixed and struggling hosts , the marksmen could not always hit their mark ; and this brought about new revelations of the incredible ferocity of the foe .
Cunningham defended it with every weapon he could muster .
In all about fifty articles could be classed as literary criticism . 
they found out who they were and what they could do , then within the limits of their talent they did it .
A few who could neither fly nor climb nor run fast , hid and lay shaking and trembling for fear that Buster would find them .
I am sure I could sting this town 's senile pensioners for a couple of quid , by selling them the old tea hut as firewood . 
It hung round his neck , the knot well below the open collar of his shirt , and in the vee she could see the cluster of damp curls at the base of his throat . 
He could not make out , but he knew that again she was scratching her nose .
He might be superseded by another ; he certainly would indeed ; nothing could be clearer ; even a Robert Martin would have been sufficient ; but nothing else , she feared , would cure her .
You could put some small flowers , such as crocuses , in a pretty glass , or larger flowers in a copper kettle … as long as you 've checked with your mum first !
This could also be used for any other skin irritation .
On the morning following the Pratt Hall meeting the editor of the Providence Daily Journal wrote that although the meeting was milder and less extreme than those held in other areas for similar purposes , it could have been avoided completely .
But that could all change with proposals to merge the council with the six smaller district councils within the county . 
Mr . Perry was an intelligent , gentlemanlike man , whose frequent visits were one of the comforts of Mr . Woodhouse ' s life ; and upon being applied to , he could not but acknowledge ( though it seemed rather against the bias of inclination ) that wedding - cake might certainly disagree with many -- perhaps with most people , unless taken moderately .
What did she think he could do ? ?
get elaborate we could do something like that but for right now they think it 's a thrill to put put a pool in the backyard you know one of those little five foot KMart specials give them a glass of juice and boy they 're ready for the afternoon you know
Condé Nast has also created a class of mandarin journalists , writers who live much better than they ever could if they wrote only for normal magazines .
Because he was convinced Zack was about to scuttle and run , if he could n't get to Zack alone and unarmed , without a shadow from either the British or American authorities . " 
There are many other areas one could consider , especially meeting the environment aspirations of special needs groups , and the implications of National Vocational Qualifications in the environmental sector . 
Only the suspicion that he had something important to say and could not work around to saying it kept her out there with him . 
This very awkward history of Mr Elliot was still , after an interval of several years , felt with anger by Elizabeth , who had liked the man for himself , and still more for being her father ' s heir , and whose strong family pride could see only in him a proper match for Sir Walter Elliot ' s eldest daughter .
One could also mention the printing industry machines which we export to the West .
Despite their bare feet , our young guides strolled nonchalantly across these sections , apparently unconcerned that a single slip could send them plummeting down the mountainside . 
The critics were already dubious that a six-foot plus , coloured battering ram called Dublin could tilt the title balance for Fergie ! 
Anyone could have guessed the relationship without a caption . 
The old approach to the problem was to raid discarded or inexpensive pieces of surplus equipment for any components that could be removed intact . 
In a move that could pose a new competitive challenge to Time Warner Inc. 's powerful Home Box Office , cable giant Tele-Communications Inc. agreed to buy half of Showtime Networks Inc. from Viacom Inc. for $ 225 million .
It seemed outrageously unfair that after so long she could not have him to herself and she hoped that his lodger would be tactful enough to leave them in peace during her visit . 
Wake Duncan with thy knocking : I would thou could ' st .
He knew Vince Steiner was one of those men who had to work up a fury once in a while just to prove how dangerous he could be .
Mr . and Mrs . Elton , indeed , shewed no unwillingness to mix , and be as agreeable as they could ; but during the two whole hours that were spent on the hill , there seemed a principle of separation , between the other parties , too strong for any fine prospects , or any cold collation , or any cheerful Mr . Weston , to remove .
How could such a thought occur to you ?
However , upon calling to mind all that his friend Mr . Spencer had ever said to him , he could not recollect his having warned him that shoe strings were indispensable requisites to the character of a good servant ; so that he could only comfort himself with resolving , if possible , to make amends for these deficiencies , and to dissipate the prejudices which he saw were formed against him , by the strictest adherence to all that his tutor had taught him to be his duty .
As husband of Louis VII's sister , Constance , Raymond of Toulouse could count on help from his brother-in-law .
On this basis it could be argued that companies should indeed be regarded as purely private organisations , and that state intervention in their internal affairs constitutes an improper interference with the moral rights of the participants . 
The lack of scientific unanimity on the effects of radiation is due in part to insufficient data covering large population groups , from which agreed-on generalizations could be drawn .
5 : 2 And when he was come out of the ship , immediately there met him out of the tombs a man with an unclean spirit , 5 : 3 Who had his dwelling among the tombs ; and no man could bind him , no , not with chains : 5 : 4 Because that he had been often bound with fetters and chains , and the chains had been plucked asunder by him , and the fetters broken in pieces : neither could any man tame him .
The inventor , Bart Zoltan , says the device could be made in bulk for under $4 -- a good deal cheaper than treating an overdose .
He could terminate special sessions of the Legislature .
Through the dense London atmosphere they could see below them the flaming London lights ; lights which lay beneath them in squares and oblongs of fire .
The languages discussed here are what are usually called the Indo -European family ; similar family trees could be drawn for the Semitic languages , Sino -Tibetan , Japanese , Bantu , Malayo-Polynesian , and so on .
Five minutes later , before Haney could make his break , the stranger stood up and nodded farewell .
At present the thrifty working man could be refused the benefit of the OAP Act , while the thriftless could receive it …
She could easily understand why the two men had been startled to find a strange girl in the back seat of their car ( she had figured that out ) , but she couldn't understand their subsequent actions .
Then I could keep the house !"
So assured , indeed , is the fact concerning the periodicalness of the sperm whale ' s resorting to given waters , that many hunters believe that , could he be closely observed and studied throughout the world ; were the logs for one voyage of the entire whale fleet carefully collated , then the migrations of the sperm whale would be found to correspond in invariability to those of the herring - shoals or the flights of swallows .
And all the other little people who happened to be where they could see did the same thing .
On delving deeper , Walton discovered that most of the buildings fronting the Square could be classified as `` early nondescript '' .
No one was injured but factory inspectors say there could easily have been casualities . 
Edward declared he could not continue to be king without the women he loved . 
His choice of subjects , his expressions , and still more his manner and look , had been such as she could see in only one light .
By noon , he could hardly stand , let alone tramp over the moor , and he stumbled about , muttering away in Gaelic , complaining about working for a bunch of foreigners who had usurped his rightful King . 
No one could doubt that William Joyce behaved like a young man who was English and proud of it .
As Harriet now lived , the Martins could not get at her , without seeking her , where hitherto they had wanted either the courage or the condescension to seek her ; for since her refusal of the brother , the sisters never had been at Mrs . Goddard ' s ; and a twelvemonth might pass without their being thrown together again , with any necessity , or even any power of speech .
There was no danger now , he could enjoy it to the full .
Those who believe that they could point out that Loch Ness is very deep , and moreover that it may be connected by a series of subterranean passages with the sea . 
Tolkien could have given a lecture about all these at any time . 
Their captive specimens could not be persuaded to leap horizontally for over two yards .
You could say , perhaps , that the Star Rank scheme was largely put on ice , but that was for want of a sponsor , which was always vital to the future of the scheme . 
Rising from unrest , The trembling woman presse With feet of weary woe ; She could no further go .
Unless the injury settles down , Honour could face minor surgery .
Last month , the carrier said it wanted to lease crews and planes from British Airways so it could funnel its passengers from London to other European destinations .
Since they could see me but I not them , their presence in the hall disturbed me .
Back East the more affluent juvenile delinquents , who could afford hyped-up autos instead of switch blades as lethal weapons , played this same game and called it `` Chicken '' .
WHAT could have been a disastrous start for fifth-year pupils at Bohunt School to the social event of the school year was averted by quick-thinking and the help of a parent .
I wish I COULD get him a living , with all my heart .-- She calls me dear Mrs . Jennings , you see .
The 26-valve GTi pales into insignificance against this car and it 's difficult to see how the three-door Rallye road car could convincingly better this Golf stablemate . 
He knelt down at his bed as long as he could kneel .
But the ship , having her full complement of seamen , spurned his suit ; and not all the King his father ' s influence could prevail .
`` Ford 's appetite to attack -LCB- Jaguar -RCB- could gradually wane over time , particularly if Saab is a reasonably attractive proposition , '' says John Lawson , an auto analyst at London 's Nomura Research Institute .
A ship run by a human brain could not run rogue or insane with the power and resources Central had to build into their scout ships .
On some occasions , the lower than usual level of water at LW springs could actually be seen . 
She could not bear that her master should not be able to have another apple - tart this spring .
Some of those attending were travelling up to 30 miles and acknowledged that they suffered some physical and mental fatigue but could make no suggestion as to how to avoid it . 
Rather it had been assumed in order that those phenomena could become intelligible to the mind .
` I Started Something I Could n't Finish " was a cute and solid pop song with Morrissey growling determinedly in comical self-analysis . 
26 : 40 And he cometh unto the disciples , and findeth them asleep , and saith unto Peter , What , could ye not watch with me one hour ?
I could very ill be spared -- but such a point had been made of my coming !
He could get no real grip on the situation , and the more he pondered , the more confused his thinking became .
He spoke no German but he could sing it and the words of the song were the only ones he knew in a foreign language .
Now if we might go up the hill , and put the stones behind the wheels , you could sit still at your work , and would not the people give us the halfpence ?
Drifts usually occurred in winter in an effort to escape the severe cold winds , but it could also occur in summer as the result of lack of water or grass because of a drought , or as an aftermath of a stampede .
But there was one method so direct , so simple , and in her opinion so eligible of knowing the real state of the affair , and of instantly removing all mystery , that she could not help suggesting it to her mother .
Each lady was previously well disposed for an agreement , and saw nothing , therefore , but good manners in the other ; and with regard to the gentlemen , there was such an hearty good humour , such an open , trusting liberality on the Admiral ' s side , as could not but influence Sir Walter , who had besides been flattered into his very best and most polished behaviour by Mr Shepherd ' s assurances of his being known , by report , to the Admiral , as a model of good breeding .
THE cost of medical insurance could be slashed by ONE FIFTH if greedy hospital consultants cut their exorbitant fees . 
For as far as the eye could see there ran the rifles of his friends , and not one pinch of powder for his enemies .
9 : 1 Now in the twelfth month , that is , the month Adar , on the thirteenth day of the same , when the king ' s commandment and his decree drew near to be put in execution , in the day that the enemies of the Jews hoped to have power over them , ( though it was turned to the contrary , that the Jews had rule over them that hated them ;) 9 : 2 The Jews gathered themselves together in their cities throughout all the provinces of the king Ahasuerus , to lay hand on such as sought their hurt : and no man could withstand them ; for the fear of them fell upon all people .
Everyone was astonished that Hardy , with all his quickness and penetration , had not yet discovered their proceedings ; but Loveit could not help suspecting that he was not quite so ignorant as he appeared to be .
This was strangely heightened at times by the ragged Elijah ' s diabolical incoherences uninvitedly recurring to me , with a subtle energy I could not have before conceived of .
The time and effort demanded of them may put a strain on their relationship with a partner , who may have been looking forward to the years when they could be alone again as a couple . 
From this moment Fisher forgot all De Grey ' s former kindness , and considered only how he could in his turn mortify the person whom he felt to be so much his superior .
If such a paragon of perfection as Palmer could commit such a scoring sacrilege , there was hope left for all .
He was invulnerable to attack , but he could be handled , Mickey knew , if he could be brought to make the first move .
Could not be a better time , Sir Walter , for having a choice of tenants , very responsible tenants .
The impossibility of her quitting her father , Mr . Knightley felt as strongly as herself ; but the inadmissibility of any other change , he could not agree to .
If the backpack gets too heavy , of course , you could always canoe back down the river to Chepstow ! 
As the background discussion indicated there were frequently expressed doubts that a government dominated by either party could fairly administer elections .
From somewhere far away , she could make out the screaming whine of an emergency vehicle in a hurry . 
` Forgive me , Lady Theodosia , but I could not help but overhear something of what has transpired in this room . "
We 've all flown in aeroplanes , driven fast cars , eaten junk food -- things he could n't even have imagined " .
She had been particularly unwell , however , suffering from headache to a degree , which made her aunt declare , that had the ball taken place , she did not think Jane could have attended it ; and it was charity to impute some of her unbecoming indifference to the languor of ill - health .
He needed a trustworthy , dedicated , and professional assistant , who he could dispatch to the parts he would not have time to visit personally . 
This led to the development officer having to assume such a role herself , and occasionally this involved her in more work than she felt she could easily provide .
Joanne had torn a ligament so badly refereeing a basketball match that she was on morphine for a week after hospital surgery , and could n't even walk let alone play golf .
12 : 39 Therefore they could not believe , because that Esaias said again , 12 : 40 He hath blinded their eyes , and hardened their heart ; that they should not see with their eyes , nor understand with their heart , and be converted , and I should heal them .
The only person who could have dared to help her , thought the prince , was his old tutor , Suliman , the only man left who ever rebuked him for anything .
Mr Telford , of Wheatley , Doncaster , could hear appeals to give himself up -- but his replies were drowned by the noise of air rushing down the shaft . 
Ann Paton QC , prosecuting , said the lives of the residents were endangered and the consequences of the fire could have been catastrophic .
He proved that all 17,000 verses could be minutely inscribed on a piece of parchment 10.8 in by 8.4 in , which could then be folded up and placed in a walnut shell . 
At these words , Marianne ' s eyes expressed the astonishment which her lips could not utter .
I could not cling to my past nor did I wish to .
Before she could move or speak , the two guards who had brought her retreated back into the corridor , leaving her alone in the office . 
But in the wake of legal precedents from America , the prospect of workers suing their employers for stress related illnesses could soon be a real one .
He climbed the stairs , went into Roberts' room , found a suitcase and packed as much into it as he could .
But as it was , such a notion had scarcely ever entered her head , except by Mrs . Jennings ' s suggestion ; and she could not help believing herself the nicest observer of the two ;-- she watched his eyes , while Mrs . Jennings thought only of his behaviour ;-- and while his looks of anxious solicitude on Marianne ' s feeling , in her head and throat , the beginning of a heavy cold , because unexpressed by words , entirely escaped the latter lady ' s observation ;-- SHE could discover in them the quick feelings , and needless alarm of a lover .
Afghan soldiers and police were responsible for 12 % of the civilian deaths , while the source of the remaining 4 % could not be determined .
It was enough to secure his good opinion ; for to be unaffected was all that a pretty girl could want to make her mind as captivating as her person .
It is suggested that a spokesman on public affairs could be appointed to put forward the Church 's viewpoint on the political situation .
But they could not be satisfied to have so much done for them and not know to whom they should be grateful .
His claim to have loved Clare Mallender and to have had her stolen from him somehow lacked conviction and, anyway, his conquest of Virginia Dysart could be said to have evened the score. 
But as the day lengthened into afternoon the argument lurched back and forth inside Isabel 's head until she could no longer think straight . 
She made some coffee , and went out on the balcony in her cotton housecoat , where she could see the sun rising from behind the dark hills , and the slopes slowly become bathed with light .
Until now , Lilac Gaylor and Lila Kingsley had been like an anagram which he could unscramble at his own pace and choosing .
It began to seem impossible that the rock , huge as it was , could contain this labyrinth they were treading . 
with more time I could have loosened a small burr or cotter pin --
It could be argued that anyone who is idiot enough to send a cheque for thousands of pounds to a salesman of shares in unquoted companies he has never heard of deserves to lose it all . 
Few of the troops could distinguish easily between Burmans , Chinese and Japanese . 
If the Commission believed that a low markup for the subclasses was in order , then the low markup could be recommended .
Ryan told him what he could do then .
Suddenly the sound of running feet could be heard approaching from the depths . 
The 1944 Act specified only one compulsory subject for schools -- religious education -- and even there individual pupils could opt out if their parents wished .
Some of the Fomorians sprang to their feet , but before any of them could grasp a weapon , the Dagda called out to his harp on the wall , " Come to me , O my harp !"
He was a wanted man in the Lebanon and UNACO could n't do anything publicly without endangering their own clandestine existence .
But he knew that crying would do no good ; so he presently wiped his eyes , and lay awake , considering what he could possibly do to save the horse .
I never run when I know I could crawl . " 
Who could want to take uranium out of the factory ? 
There are two reasons why failure to come to grips with this demand could be fatal to the future of the Catholic university .
Dark glasses and make-up could n't hide the lines , and she sat with her face hidden in her hands in the back of the car . 
It was to herself an amusing and a very welcome piece of news , as proving that Mr . Elton could not have suffered long ; but she was sorry for Harriet : Harriet must feel it -- and all that she could hope was , by giving the first information herself , to save her from hearing it abruptly from others .
Bowden firmly believes that the Irish record pollack could fall this season from one of the wrecks he is presently working over , and these recent successes augur well for the future . 
Corky said warningly , and he waddled off back to his sink which had an orange box set before it so that he could reach to wash the crockery . 
She did n't know if Betty knew how long Beuno had been there , so endeavoured to give the impression that she could babble away on the topic of cooking game for hours at a time . 
Even the gaping hole left by de Bonneval 's precipitate retreat on Belleville Ridge had been plugged before the over-cautious Germans could exploit it -- although it had been left open for twelve hours . 
He used long words he never normally employed , and he could hear the falsity of his ` cultivated " accent .
A sudden surge or drop in electric power could ruin integrated circuits being built .
Even if cosy was n't the word she would have applied to the conservatory opening out before her she could see it was a little more intimate than the vast medieval refectory in which they 'd previously dined . 
The darkness intensified down in the wood though I could see stars between the boughs . 
I thought I had scratched it , so that nobody could make it out ."
If anybody else had told me so , I could not have believed them , because I remember the box so well ; but I can ' t help believing Leonora .'
I said that it would be unkind and discourteous to decline a visit , but I could not for the life of me see how I could help him where persons of much greater power were impotent . 
Mercer himself could not tell how long it was before B'dikkat came back .
They heard it through the clatter of their engines , but they could not see its faults . 
A spokesman said : ` If the parrot could talk it might have said something unpleasant about having its wings clipped . " 
Well , like I told you Tammy I could tell bits and parts of my life story and make , I do n't know how many books .
Thus far to try thee , Adam , I was pleased ; And find thee knowing , not of beasts alone , Which thou hast rightly named , but of thyself ; Expressing well the spirit within thee free , My image , not imparted to the brute ; Whose fellowship therefore unmeet for thee Good reason was thou freely shouldst dislike ; And be so minded still : I , ere thou spakest , Knew it not good for Man to be alone ; And no such company as then thou sawest Intended thee ; for trial only brought , To see how thou couldest judge of fit and meet : What next I bring shall please thee , be assured , Thy likeness , thy fit help , thy other self , Thy wish exactly to thy heart ' s desire .
David 's apprenticeship with another firm had irked his father who believed the family company could teach his children all they would ever need to know .
` There could be literally a multitude of quite proper reasons why a child decided it no longer wanted to live with its parents . " 
Proposals should be carefully worded to emphasise that our costs are for the provision of services , rather than equipment , whose ownership could be the subject of later discussion . 
For Williamson , only soldiers who had fought in the war , and who understood the horrors of modern conflict , could save Europe from further disaster . 
Jones came toward them fast , now , along the southern toe of the Reef , and the dogs could be heard plainly , Old John with his Grand Canyon voice outstanding above the others .
I could n't hear and was crying from the pain , but I saw him put his foot sideways into Marius 's midriff . 
Miguel Rafaelo could fire her tomorrow . 
None could be found ; nevertheless , on 23 July the Imperial government sent Serbia an ultimatum , so worded as to be unacceptable . 
But could it be possible that any sober harpooneer would get into a door mat , and parade the streets of any Christian town in that sort of guise ?
You must know , I got off the fish to - day that my father could not sell yesterday in the market -- got it off for fresh just out of the river -- got twice as much as the market price for it ; and from whom , think you ?
The fall of Rome , the discovery of precious metals , and the Protestant Reformation were all links and could only be explained and understood by comprehending the links that preceded and those that followed .
Emma smiled and chatted as cheerfully as she could , to keep him from such thoughts ; but when tea came , it was impossible for him not to say exactly as he had said at dinner ,
I could tell because she was nibbling her fingernails and then trying not to . 
How much could you guess about a conversation between two people walking along a country lane for example ? 
He is an excellent young man , and will suit Harriet exactly ; it will be an ` Exactly so ,' as he says himself ; but he does sigh and languish , and study for compliments rather more than I could endure as a principal .
Both were now well opened , and he could almost fancy the left eye grew larger as he gazed .
He replied that he could not imagine what importance there might be in thus meeting with a stranger , but -- joy of joys , he would be at home at the hour mentioned .
But I could not help hearing Ezza say these words --` Well , let her have a little fun ; you know the blow may smash her any minute .'
Eventually the time came when she could n't delay going downstairs any longer , and when she reached the kitchen she discovered that the visitor had left , and that Silas was examining the contents of the fridge . 
Her aunt 's antics embarrassed her and she could feel herself blushing . 
I ran down the pavement to get as far away from the hotel as I could , then I sat down in a doorway and continued crying . 
Although Viking was lying quietly enough at the moment we could tell by the sudden gusts which hissed down from the high southern cliff that it was blowing quite hard on the weather side . 
They could hear the rustle of the wind tossing the highest branches and see the bright light of the sky opening out beyond . 
The coming of her sister ' s family was so very near at hand , that first in anticipation , and then in reality , it became henceforth her prime object of interest ; and during the ten days of their stay at Hartfield it was not to be expected -- she did not herself expect -- that any thing beyond occasional , fortuitous assistance could be afforded by her to the lovers .
I wish you could have heard her honouring your forbearance , in being able to pay her such attentions , as she was for ever receiving from yourself and your father , when her society must be so irksome ."
Impossible that any situation could be more replete with comfort ; if we except , perhaps , Mrs . Suckling ' s own family , and Mrs . Bragge ' s ; but Mrs . Smallridge is intimate with both , and in the very same neighbourhood :-- lives only four miles from Maple Grove .
We were less than a quarter of a mile from the road , and we could trace its shape from the ribbon of powder smoke and dust that hung over it .
As long as there were two human beings working together on the same project , there would be competition and you could no more escape it than you could expect to escape the grave .
And now she could see him , looking uncommon handsome , standing there beside Sally Jackson and her folks in front of their trail-worn wagon .
Julius could n't remember when he had last been hit by such a wave of anger . 
The darkness was so complete that no one could have seen her through the driving rain and almost instantly the house disappeared .
The hedgehog was engaged in a fight with another hedgehog , which seemed to Alice an excellent opportunity for croqueting one of them with the other : the only difficulty was , that her flamingo was gone across to the other side of the garden , where Alice could see it trying in a helpless sort of way to fly up into a tree .
In a sharply written letter , Rep. David Obey , chairman of the House appropriations subcommittee for foreign operations , warned Mr. Bush that the result of his `` ultimatum '' could weaken efforts to accommodate the administration elsewhere .
A MAJOR business safety conference is taking place in Spennymoor next month because Darlington could n't come up with the cash .
You must , therefore , be certain , I repeat , certain beyond reasonable doubt that Paul Menzies could have committed such an evil crime as murder .
I felt a strong feeling of nausea as I realised that I had put my hand through the chest of a dead British soldier that could have been lying in the ditch for several days . 
8 : 10 And it came to pass , when the priests were come out of the holy place , that the cloud filled the house of the LORD , 8 : 11 So that the priests could not stand to minister because of the cloud : for the glory of the LORD had filled the house of the LORD .
Even from the distance she could see Doreen clasping his arm while looking up into his face , and it was easy to guess that she was pleading to be moved into a chalet . 
`` The past I leave to historians '' , Felix intoned , demonstrating that he could be pompous as well as happy .
He helped her meet people so she could go out and do the work she wanted .
He could hear the muffled sound of the train as it plodded round the curves . 
Waldegrave 's allotted question times at Westminster could be embarrassing occasions : any queries of substance will have to be referred to the ministries that matter .
He would loan him enough money to buy a place in Perth where he could set up his looms and sell his fine woven blankets and dress material .
It appeared that the theory could be saved in one way only .
Mr. Kennedy , Mr. White believes , `` had mastered politics on so many different levels that no other American could match him '' .
Richard Luehrs , president of the Newport Harbor Area Chamber of Commerce , calls boiler rooms a `` negative we wish we could get rid of . ''
Whatever , if your intestines get tied up in knots over bootlegs , ` The Curse " could cause terminal internal damage . 
But Durand was anything but a fool ; he had read all the eighteenth century , and could have defended his platitudes round every angle of eighteenth - century argument .
The spacious boot coped admirably with everything they could cram into it in one week -- picnic hampers , the weekly shopping , even the latest buys from Sue 's visits to the garden centre . 
He could hear the pipes chugging and banging together and from below came the rattling of pots in the kitchen , and the faint smell of a freshly lit fire . 
I thought I could see the horrible creature there in front of me .
An adequately staffed and equipped State assessing office could apply uniform methods and standards which would go far toward producing equitable assessments on all properties throughout the State .
You , I could swear to it , remained innocent in this sense until the end .
The removable sole is fairly thin and when I took it out I noticed that several small staples protrude quite sharply through the inner lining , which could become a problem after more use . 
The tops of trees , mostly rather depressing evergreens , showed at intervals over the top of the wall , and beyond them in the grey and purple gloaming could be seen the back of some long terrace of tall Parisian houses , really comparatively close , but somehow looking as inaccessible as a range of marble mountains .
It would be rash to conclude too much from this , but it does indicate that while the index has been compiled carefully and thoroughly , the cross-referencing could be slightly inproved . 
The way Carole watched helplessly while the bricks were hurled , and then offered unwanted food and drink in a fruitless effort to placate her furious little girl , could only be bad for both of them . 
Although they journeyed westerly as far as Germantown , beyond the Erie roundhouse and the machine shop , and along the Delaware and Hudson Canal , and northward to Brooklyn , below Point Peter , he could see the church spire wherever he looked back .
It would be a long time before revolution could succeed in the New World .
Sherman could never be accused of sticking too long with the old .
THE HEALTH of workers in some of the new biotechnology factories could be at risk if companies do not adhere strictly to safety guidelines to contain their creations . 
You wrote in the cheerfullest manner , and said you were perfectly well , and in no hurry for me ; and that being the case , you must be aware that my wish would be to remain with Lady Russell to the last : and besides what I felt on her account , I have really been so busy , have had so much to do , that I could not very conveniently have left Kellynch sooner ."
Buried in a box in the ground , the find was kept secret so that it could be properly excavated by Suffolk County 's archaeological department , headed by Judith Plouviez , the County Archaeology Officer .
It had seemed a good idea , but how could she ask for Dana in a strange shop ? 
Perhaps she could convince him to stop looking at her that way -- though , in her heart , she did not want to stop him . 
He stood looking down at her for a moment , wondering what could have reduced her to this condition .
She was on the point of sending again for Mr . Harris , or if HE could not come , for some other advice , when the former -- but not till after five o ' clock -- arrived .
How could you be so insolent in your wit to a woman of her character , age , and situation ?-- Emma , I had not thought it possible ."
The no-privilege decision by Judge Norma Johnson -- actually still under seal and leaked to the papers by lawyers involved in the case ( who thereby continue to flirt with sanction by Judge Johnson ) -- is deemed a `` stunning legal defeat '' for Clinton by the NYT and rated a `` major victory '' for Ken Starr by `` USA Today . The Washington Post and the NYT add that Judge Johnson also ruled against Clinton 's invocation of attorney-client privilege to shield his top aides , holding that Clinton could not use government-paid lawyers to aid his defense in a criminal investigation .
Her mother could even think of her being able to join their party at home , before her brothers and sisters went to school again .
When the serving-girl had brought their order and departed again , they could talk . 
The room door was apt to creak , but it was opened with such precaution , that no noise could be heard , and Loveit found his friend as fast asleep as when he left him .
It could , reputedly , go 70,000 miles without refueling and stay down more than a month .
It will probably explain more of my attitudes toward society than any other phrase or principle could .
In his rear-view mirror he could see the glaring eyes and twisted blood smeared mouth of his assailant , and he could feel the pressure of the gun muzzle behind his right ear . 
I could only tell myself , from its shudderings , that it was something at least that such a monster could be miserable .
The ability of bacterial exotoxins to activate large numbers of T cells with consequent release of cytokines could directly account for their pathogenic effects and the clinical syndromes they produce .
Says Clarence Thompson : `` We dealers must earn our mark-up by performing a service for the builder cheaper than he could do it himself '' .
The representative responded that Noriega had numerous assets in place in Nicaragua and could accomplish many essential things , just as Noriega had helped -LCB- the U.S. . -RCB- the previous year in blowing up a Sandinista arsenal . ''
It would be the most severe reprisal , short of declared war , that the United States could invoke against Castro .
10 : 21 When he had caused the tribe of Benjamin to come near by their families , the family of Matri was taken , and Saul the son of Kish was taken : and when they sought him , he could not be found .
If backing for the research is forthcoming , voice activated cash dispensers could be on the High Street within two years . 
She drew her foot as far down the chimney as she could , and waited till she heard a little animal ( she couldn ' t guess of what sort it was ) scratching and scrambling about in the chimney close above her : then , saying to herself ' This is Bill ,' she gave one sharp kick , and waited to see what would happen next .
" No , to be sure you could not ; but I never thought of that before .
Among the accidental group of guests who had come to it at this season was a man whose nationality no one could fix and who bore the non - committal name of Count Gregory .
Burial had taken place at night in the ground at the public crossroads under the gibbet , so that his enemies could not find his body and have it dug up and burned .
Because in the end , these people always wind up asking themselves the same question : `` How could I be so stupid ? ''
During Lawrence ' s confinement , Jem often visited him , and carried him such little presents as he could afford to give ; and Jem could afford to be GENEROUS , because he was INDUSTRIOUS .
Last night 's lovemaking had changed everything for Sarella herself ; she had never guessed it could be like that , and she could n't imagine that it might not have been as earth-shattering for Marc too . 
A greater degree of regional self-sufficiency in many basic food-stuffs , especially milk and meat could be encouraged in order to avoid the mounting costs of transporting such commodities over long distances which is now common . 
I tiptoed upstairs , some time ago , and I could hear her crying . " 
Alternatively , having soaked the rice for 3-8 minutes , a stone and pestle could be used to grind the rice into a powder . 
Elinor tried to talk of something else ; but Miss Steele could not be kept beyond a couple of minutes , from what was uppermost in her mind .
I did n't know that they could , but I 'd always sworn to her that I would never involve her in any way and I 've never broken my word . 
With adequate funding and proper policy the book industry could achieve self sufficiency and satisfy national demand , the report says . 
She could see his disdain , and it was n't so much for her -- she hardly seemed to count for anything at all in his eyes . 
` Then , supposing the sherry was poisoned , and supposing it was aimed at you , then it could only have been put there by someone who did n't know your habits ? "
The preparing and the going abroad in such weather , with the sacrifice of his children after dinner , were evils , were disagreeables at least , which Mr . John Knightley did not by any means like ; he anticipated nothing in the visit that could be at all worth the purchase ; and the whole of their drive to the vicarage was spent by him in expressing his discontent .
After lunch , families could join an organised hike from the hotel or get on mountain bikes for a visit to an Alpine dairy -- the cows are pastured at high altitudes in the summer . 
A man could make a mark there .
If I could but have kept longer away !"
No doubt many rich people could be cajoled into helping the museum , but we must escape our earlier , still absurd contempt for the accumulation of wealth . 
And the happy Little Fir Tree spent all his time wondering what it could be that he was just little enough for ; he knew it could hardly be a mast or a house , since he was going away with children .
So when Branson contacted her to see whether they could resume negotiations , Wilson agreed . 
It was as much as it could do to raise a whimper of greeting as the tail swung laboriously back and forth . 
I did not see it to advantage , for nothing could be more forlorn than the furniture ,-- but if it were newly fitted up -- a couple of hundred pounds , Willoughby says , would make it one of the pleasantest summer - rooms in England ."
The sceptics at GM reckoned it could never work -- the motor would overheat and no battery could store enough energy to turn over a car 's engine . 
A fund was set up for its restoration , but before the work could even be started the campanile collapsed . 
He could see Harry 's puzzlement . 
It was to be of great importance to countries like France and Switzerland where a shortage of mineral fuels could be offset by an abundance of hydroelectric power . 
I sank down further until I could just see over the seat in front .
In the early morning light he could see that she wore a black cape over a dark red dress . 
PARACETAMOL could soon be cured of the stigma of being a ` dangerous and insidious " drug . 
The repercussions could also be felt in Britain and the rest of Europe , since Irish liberal opinion now seems set to campaign against Maastricht unless the anti-abortion clause is neutralised .
Charles was to return to Lyme the same afternoon , and his father had at first half a mind to go with him , but the ladies could not consent .
Before I could say , ` You bastards " , they were specks in the mist as I huddled from the blizzard behind a boulder wondering if I wanted to be sick yet . 
He clutched at his chest again , and now Barbara could see that the shirt was shredded and that blood was running freely from deep gashes in Cardiff 's chest . 
Below him he could hear the passing wail of sirens , a familiar sound after dark had fallen over the city . 
Mrs Harville , a degree less polished than her husband , seemed , however , to have the same good feelings ; and nothing could be more pleasant than their desire of considering the whole party as friends of their own , because the friends of Captain Wentworth , or more kindly hospitable than their entreaties for their all promising to dine with them .
These subjects implied that they too could prevent their arms from rising if they tried .
Their roar , like the swelling volume of a hundred tornadoes could be heard for miles .
Houses could be glimpsed within the hillside vegetation , villas of stone or wooden slats , painted in startling shades of aquamarine and lime , rust red and canary yellow . 
Before he could , the little man brought out a small laser pistol from a pouch at his belt . 
And though it was logical that a man who could plot mass murder would not hesitate to speak an untruth , still it was difficult to understand why Spencer spoke only for Cromwell .
` Poor her , " said Lydia , but as she could not imagine taking care of a disruptive child she could n't truly sympathise . 
7 : 1 And it came to pass in the days of Ahaz the son of Jotham , the son of Uzziah , king of Judah , that Rezin the king of Syria , and Pekah the son of Remaliah , king of Israel , went up toward Jerusalem to war against it , but could not prevail against it .
For what seemed ages piled on ages , I lay there , frozen with the most awful fears , not daring to drag away my hand ; yet ever thinking that if I could but stir it one single inch , the horrid spell would be broken .
The EC 's Common Transport Policy could frustrate the British Government 's aim of privatising the rail network , Professor John Hibbs has warned .
It was some time since she and Papa had played one of their fierce games ; he never gave quarter to anyone , but she thought that she could remember what he had taught her . 
The essence of the drill was to test how quickly a mass amount of medicine and treatment could be delivered to the public .
Thus the civil wars , so decried by Gregory , actually held the kingdom together , because the struggles between members of the Merovingian family provided a focus around which other conflicts could cluster . 
Jemima is so careful ; and she could send us word every hour how he was .
' I didn ' t know that Cheshire cats always grinned ; in fact , I didn ' t know that cats COULD grin .'
She put it into her hands as she spoke ; and when Elinor saw the painting , whatever other doubts her fear of a too hasty decision , or her wish of detecting falsehood might suffer to linger in her mind , she could have none of its being Edward ' s face .
Marie yelled after me to wait but I did n't want to talk to her about it so I chucked my sandwich-box over to her and told her she could eat them for me . 
That would be all right with Amex , which could then lock in its investment profit , but it does n't add up to a `` smart money '' move for me .
Then the auctioneers realised that the bidder was heavily intoxicated and could not afford the bidder 's fee let alone the ; 17,000 for the Cub ! 
She had hoped for an answer here -- for a few words to say that her conduct was at least intelligible ; but he was silent ; and , as far as she could judge , deep in thought .
Royal lineages could be based on extraordinary worldly achievements translated into eternal otherworldly power .
If there is a formal report , it could be the end for Dooley , England 's most capped lock , who was dropped after punching an opponent in the infamous 1987 England-Wales brawl . 
Giffen extracted one concession from William : the house servants could be free at any time Gorham thought expedient .
Mrs . Elton , as elegant as lace and pearls could make her , he looked at in silence -- wanting only to observe enough for Isabella ' s information -- but Miss Fairfax was an old acquaintance and a quiet girl , and he could talk to her .
Looking around Old Town Square , it is a remarkable survival for a capital which was rich in the 19C and which could have been rebuilt then . 
ICBMs have given us a capability which could be used in two different ways .
You could forgive Debby Cumming for being a not-so-youthful Alice as she stomped and skipped like the naughtiest girl in the class .
Sweat started out on William's forehead , whether from relief or disquietude he could not tell .
How could he exert authority over them -- make them toe the line , as he had to -- if he knuckled under to this small-town clown ? ?
With Gomez watching , he bound Trent s wrists in front of him so that he could hold the coffee mug . 
The prospect before her now , was threatening to a degree that could not be entirely dispelled -- that might not be even partially brightened .
She was particularly asked to meet Mr Elliot , and be introduced to Lady Dalrymple and Miss Carteret , who were fortunately already engaged to come ; and she could not have received a more gratifying attention .
As we turned south the crumbled remains of St Catherine 's Castle could be seen . 
Before he could quite recover himself Cray had cloven in .
He could say no more ; and with the hope of Hartfield to reward him , returned with Mrs . Weston to Mrs . Bates ' s door .
" Three - and - twenty !-- is he indeed ?-- Well , I could not have thought it -- and he was but two years old when he lost his poor mother !
To be sure you could .
" As far as I could gather , what he was saying was some nonsense about the Easter Fete . 
So do just about all the losses that could be attributed to the sheer incompetence of unqualified planners .
A purchaser of land might well be uneasy if he knew that , even if he had no notice of a trust , the land could be recovered from him by a trustee . 
She had not finished exhorting Dr Neil about this when McAllister , who could hear every word in the kitchen , returned with the tea-tray , staggering under its weight . 
Ealdred 's kinswoman could have been Abbess Aethelburh , daughter of a local lord , Aelfred , who was given Withington in Gloucestershire in the 770s ( CS 217 : S 1255 ) . 
Sherry learned through our Future Works class that she could rise out of the mire of the welfare system and support her family .
Because of its wealth of experience , the Organization for European Economic Cooperation could help with the initial studies needed .
As early as 1977 , when the stock market wallowed in the doldrums , Wall Street chronicler Robert Sobel observed that a successful analyst could `` become something of a celebrity , called by New York Times and Wall Street Journal reporters ...
British restaurant cooking had been despaired of after fifteen years of siege conditions until the counter-attack of The Good Food Guide , founded in 1951 by Raymond Postgate , a pioneering bon vivant , and compiled by himself , his friends and any members of the public who could be bothered to write in with their recommendations ( one who did was a lion tamer ) . 
He could have been blackmailed , or his family might have been threatened .
` We could build a sitting room up there . " 
If it failed to produce equal exertion , it could not be an equal conviction ."
This meant , concretely , that the patient could not read at all without making writing-like movements of the head or body , became easily confused by `` hasher marks '' inserted between hand-written words and thus confused the mark for one of the letters , and could recognize a simple straight line or a curved one only by tracing it .
From up here he had a panoramic view over a large part of the course and as he was in the last row could see behind as well as forward . 
Campaigners along the 50-mile proposed route also fear the 400,000-volt cable could endanger health , spoil the landscape and devalue property .
And this helped them to pay for knocking down and putting up walls so that they could move the bathroom to a lovely sunny spot off the main upstairs landing . 
In fairness to Menzies , very little which takes place in normal life could have prepared anyone for cross-examination by Sir Humphrey Mountcliff .
They could not even feebly imagine what the carriages were ; it was enough for them to know that they were carriages , and carriages with cushions .
There was only a small part of his estate that Sir Walter could dispose of ; but had every acre been alienable , it would have made no difference .
The Colonel at one point was firing his revolver over Donald Roy 's shoulder , and reaching the place they could see the bridge ( 'D' ) 70 yards off .
You could win a popularity contest at that school without any trouble .
One could not say the books were never read ; probably they were , but there was a sense of their being chained to their places , like the Bibles in the old churches .
Kate could feel it in her head , in her hair and eyes , under her eyelids , down her bra and in her pubic hair ; she itched everywhere . 
You could not imagine better comic material than her ideas of `` living '' : the `` midnight omelet dinner for 1,000 '' ; the fruit baskets the size of a Chevy ; the advice ( in this month 's magazine ) to make your own envelopes out of wood veneer , folding them with a bone knife .
Perhaps I was wrong , but I could not see that the King was being kind and generous in ordering such an inhuman punishment . 
Obsessed with Siti , the youngest , he stole her sarong from the bank so that she could n't fly back to the stars with her startled sisters . 
Her height was pretty , just such as almost every body would think tall , and nobody could think very tall ; her figure particularly graceful ; her size a most becoming medium , between fat and thin , though a slight appearance of ill - health seemed to point out the likeliest evil of the two .
Apart from spirit there could be no community , for it is spirit which draws men into community and gives to any community its unity , cohesiveness , and permanence .
The charming smile managed to reassert itself , seeming to ask how could anyone suspect such a gentleman . 
`` If he had been found guilty , we could have stopped him . ''
For example , the hands or even the figures on the dial of a wall-mounted clock may be clearly visible to the child with tunnel vision , but the problem could be that of locating the clock itself . 
I have heard him say that he could listen to her for ever .
" Did not I tell you , Sir John , when you spoke to me about it before , that it could not be done ?
Starbuck ' s body and Starbuck ' s coerced will were Ahab ' s , so long as Ahab kept his magnet at Starbuck ' s brain ; still he knew that for all this the chief mate , in his soul , abhorred his captain ' s quest , and could he , would joyfully disintegrate himself from it , or even frustrate it .
After all , in a way , he had waited most of his life to discover what could possibly be in the envelope he had now inherited .
From the spot where Turnbull and MacIan were sitting on one of the barren steeps behind Hampstead , they could see the whole of London shaping itself vaguely and largely in the grey and growing light , until the white sun stood over it and it lay at their feet , the splendid monstrosity that it is .
It was the first pro bout between twins and the only way the 400 spectators could tell them apart was by the colour of their shorts . 
As he declaimed the sonorous measures , it was as much as Claire could do to restrain herself from bursting out with her dramatic tidings .
Could such unadulterated love , for a total stranger , be credited ? ?
Squatters say they could be forced to sleep on the streets by new Government measures aimed at speeding up their eviction . 
Don Browne , director of news at NBC News , said in an interview that `` we could n't get a signal out of San Francisco .
Willoughby could not hear of her marriage without a pang ; and his punishment was soon afterwards complete in the voluntary forgiveness of Mrs . Smith , who , by stating his marriage with a woman of character , as the source of her clemency , gave him reason for believing that had he behaved with honour towards Marianne , he might at once have been happy and rich .
Changing the law on mistake in rape could help to change these social attitudes , even though for some time to come defendants might find themselves charged with rape because of such ingrained attitudes towards women .
And now she took a better look at him , Folly could n't help noticing the strong , muscular lines of the broad back under that white shirt .
Dave Forbes was waiting and swiftly intercepted D'Arcy before he could meet up again with Roy Bliss .
Furthermore , even the highly trained law clerk who was a part of Jack's total make-up could not understand how the principle could ever be codified .
Cecilia , however , was equally sure that she could do it much better ; and a dispute would have inevitably ensued , if Cecilia , recollecting herself just as her colour rose to scarlet , had not yielded -- yielded , with no very good grace indeed , but as well as could be expected for the first time .
Her father ' s comfort was amply secured , Mrs . Bates as well as Mrs . Goddard being able to come ; and her last pleasing duty , before she left the house , was to pay her respects to them as they sat together after dinner ; and while her father was fondly noticing the beauty of her dress , to make the two ladies all the amends in her power , by helping them to large slices of cake and full glasses of wine , for whatever unwilling self - denial his care of their constitution might have obliged them to practise during the meal .-- She had provided a plentiful dinner for them ; she wished she could know that they had been allowed to eat it .
Her eyes were adjusting to the darkness , and now she could see that he had folded his arms over the enticing broadness of his chest and was watching her with a challenging glitter in his eyes . 
Elinor joyfully profited by the first of these proposals , and thus by a little of that address which Marianne could never condescend to practise , gained her own end , and pleased Lady Middleton at the same time .
and when it was broken , could I do more than promise her another ; was that unjust ?"
General Hershey's draft and Doc Eddyman and Cap were responsible for his first eminence , but Fearless Freddy Bryan could take credit , if he cared to ( and he did ) , for the second time .
She always watched them as long as she could , delighted to fancy she understood what they might be talking of , as they walked along in happy independence , or equally delighted to see the Admiral ' s hearty shake of the hand when he encountered an old friend , and observe their eagerness of conversation when occasionally forming into a little knot of the navy , Mrs Croft looking as intelligent and keen as any of the officers around her .
Rincewind thought he could hear the muffled sound of grumbling and the scrape of a stool being dragged across the floor . 
I could have smacked your bottom for taking me by surprise . 
And there , as they slowly paced the gradual ascent , heedless of every group around them , seeing neither sauntering politicians , bustling housekeepers , flirting girls , nor nursery - maids and children , they could indulge in those retrospections and acknowledgements , and especially in those explanations of what had directly preceded the present moment , which were so poignant and so ceaseless in interest .
On the way they tried to discover all they could about Burma , and they were disturbed to find that Michael Symes's book had not presented an altogether true picture .
But this week , B.A.T has been hit harder than other big U.K. stocks -- first by the market gyrations , then by Tuesday 's San Francisco earthquake , which could leave B.A.T 's Farmers Group Inc. insurance unit facing big claims .
And if he is so scornful of the rights of states , why not advocate a different sort of constitution that he could more sincerely support ? ?
Few could fault them if this time round their ` big exam day " nerves were compounded by the raging controversy surrounding the new transfer test . 
Many of the bone-headed ceratopsians could swim with their front feet pawing the lake bed like hippos , both buoyed up and cooled by the water . 
The input for such a reflex could come from a single class of broadly tuned vertical orientation detectors . 
The relief of an interlude with one of the handful of people who could understand his feelings made him weep , which embarrassed them both .
You could n't simply ignore the fact that he had sentenced you to death , but it was important to let him know that you were n't rattled . 
It was a pity one could not invade without giving advance warnings and following the rules : it would be a pushover . 
48 : 10 Now the eyes of Israel were dim for age , so that he could not see .
With their in-depth defence the Gunners could now safely sustain an enemy onslaught and within seconds send the forwards away to take advantage of the depleted numbers at the opposition 's rear .
From this FitzGerald could be in little doubt as to the likely course the bishops would take once a referendum campaign got under way . 
It could now face a flood of prosecutions across the country . 
Surely someone somewhere knows who killed Ann Heron and that person could ease the pain for her heartbroken family . 
said Emma , as soon as she could speak .
Britain doubted whether the UN could do more than to postpone the day when Soviet domination over Korea was established . 
Maybe one could be startled into forgetfulness .
In a period of cultural stability , the infantile , irrational demands of the superego which conflicted with the mature superego could be worked out in the analytic process . 
More serious offences such as being drunk and disorderly or damaging property , labelled him as REFRACTORY , and he could then be locked up in a separate room with bread and water for twenty-four hours . 
With all the state which a butler and foot - boy could give , Mr Elliot was ushered into the room .
Cold , I 'm afraid , but you could heat some soup if you want -- the top 's done . 
Our shuttering had been fabricated in the workshop , complete with risers reinforced with some 75 ? 50 mm timber , but we could have made it up on site .
This could seen as a graphical art exercise achieved by astute utilisation of a drawing package . 
And how he could work up to his thighs in water in a two-foot seam of coal . 
Mike Ward , the shelter 's manager , said birds covered in oil became waterlogged and were unable to fly , but the biggest danger was that they could be poisoned . 
However , according to recently revealed documents discovered in Tehran after the revolution , in the late 1970s Iran and Israel discussed a plan to modify Israel 's surface - to - surface Jericho missiles for use by Iran -- missiles that could be equipped with nuclear weapons .
Here , Goodison lifted four large mantle-boxes from the coach and stowed them , as best he could , under the seat of Elizabeth 's trap . 
They have insisted , rather , on living fully and completely within modern culture and , so far from considering this treason to God , have looked upon it as the only way they could be faithful to him .
What Lucy had asserted to be true , therefore , Elinor could not , dared not longer doubt ; supported as it was too on every side by such probabilities and proofs , and contradicted by nothing but her own wishes .
To give you another instance of her liberality :-- The other day , as soon as we came to town , aware that money could not be very plenty with us just now , she put bank - notes into Fanny ' s hands to the amount of two hundred pounds .
The extent to which the courts could become involved in the politics of such disputes had been shown a few years earlier when Lord Cameron presided over an enquiry into a dispute on London building sites . 
It could thus be claimed that mare and horse were effectively synonymous in this context . 
Planned increases , with production expected to double to seven million cubic metres of timber by 2010 , could make the loss much bigger . 
A cinder or other small object could be removed from the eye by placing a flaxseed in the eye .
Of another colleague , George Santayana , he could write : `` The great event in my life recently has been the reading of Santayana's book .
No , they could kill him just as easy right now .
Copernicus did not question it , Ptolemy could not .
The occasion was the purchase of a new carpenter 's apron for my father and Mum said that as a special treat , my two sisters and I could travel on the bus , one way . 
3 : 7 But if the ministration of death , written and engraven in stones , was glorious , so that the children of Israel could not stedfastly behold the face of Moses for the glory of his countenance ; which glory was to be done away : 3 : 8 How shall not the ministration of the spirit be rather glorious ?
Could she live without magic and intimacy ?
I crawled along the line of the fence to the nearest point I dare , so I could get a good view of it . 
Finally , he wanted something that he really could not have .
At the age of four , she could read fast and well and she naturally began hankering after books . 
The greatest contribution Congress could make at this time would be to declare that stabilizing the price level is the primary responsibility of the Federal Reserve System .
He was just meditating whether he could risk running straight in through the kitchen door when he saw two of the firemen in masks , doing just that . 
How could he be trying to escape when he was already chained ? 
The bomb , whose ` clean " radiation could kill humans without harming buildings , was morally repulsive to many but seemed the ideal weapon to use against the Warsaw Pact 's armoury of tanks . 
I do n't trust anyone as far as I could throw them : it 's as simple as that .
His father , George A. Mercer , was descended from an honored Southern family that could trace its ancestry back to one Hugh Mercer , who had emigrated from Scotland in 1747 .
And how could it be supposed that his uncle and aunt would spare him again ?'
For example , you could reward a child for staying with you in the supermarket by buying a small treat as you leave . 
There was a smell of lemon like bath-salts and she could hear the slap , slap , slap of flesh against flesh as somebody tried to stimulate her circulation . 
Why , because she could n't bear to acknowledge the legitimate granddaughter of her father … ” 
It was nothing more than that his pen had fallen down ; but Anne was startled at finding him nearer than she had supposed , and half inclined to suspect that the pen had only fallen because he had been occupied by them , striving to catch sounds , which yet she did not think he could have caught .
Having several sons in the trade worked to the general benefit of the family business which could thereby offer a wider range of services . 
He said Hywel could take the dogs in the van but he would take her in her pretty frock in his clean car . 
Southern Herzegovina could be Italy , with its unassuming villas and family vineyards sloping across the rocky horizon ; with cars swerving around mountain roads and cows straying off the verges in ignorant abandon . 
` A pity , " Bruce murmured so quietly that Corbett could hardly hear him . 
Where were the luscious slave-girls with swelling breast and buttocks like ripe fruit , on which he could feed his harmless , middle-aged lechery ? 
All that remained to be wished was , that the nephew should form the attachment , as , with all her goodwill in the cause , Emma could feel no certainty of its being already formed .
There was more Foolerie yet , if I could remember it
The very last person whom one should expect to be forgotten !-- My dear Mr . E ., he must have left a message for you , I am sure he must .-- Not even Knightley could be so very eccentric ;-- and his servants forgot it .
In a few months he could leave those rooms over the shop and the shop itself for ever . 
[ Illustration : Those who could fly , flew .
They were not entirely alone -- a secretary and two aides moved discreetly in and out of the forward cabin and from behind the door Lili could hear the impersonal clatter of a telex . 
What was wrong was the scholastic insistence that all arguments , all reasoning , could , and should , be put into this form . 
Attractive posters have been supplied by the organisers -- please get them displayed in public areas with a request to sponsor yourself or a Medau member ( other classes in an Institute/Hall/Club could be very fruitful ) .
From his room he could look out in springtime and see the couples hand in hand walking slowly , deliciously , across the campus , and he could smell the sweet vernal winds .
" If global warming occurs , the cyclone that killed 150,000 in Bangladesh will be far more devastating … and the famine that is killing millions in Africa could wipe out life itself in that region " . 
The little girl gave the lace without reply , and the maid desired her to go about her business , and not to expect to be paid ; for that her mistress could not see anybody , BECAUSE she was in a room full of company .
The lamp could be hooked onto the front of a miner 's cap or hung on a wooden roof support while he was working . 
Duncan was certainly not ringing Geneva from anywhere that the phone could be tapped . 
There was no other way she could think of , except to show the obscene and pathetic distortion of humanity that she came in peace .
The court could be asked to observe injuries or scars on the child 's body . 
41 : 22 And I saw in my dream , and , behold , seven ears came up in one stalk , full and good : 41 : 23 And , behold , seven ears , withered , thin , and blasted with the east wind , sprung up after them : 41 : 24 And the thin ears devoured the seven good ears : and I told this unto the magicians ; but there was none that could declare it to me .
Or put another way , the hardest missile site planned today could be destroyed by placing a one-kiloton warhead ( 1/20th the size of those used in Hiroshima and Nagasaki ) within 100 to 200 feet of the target ! !
I could not be happy with a man whose taste did not in every point coincide with my own .
BEFORE one of the fresh faces could appear at the doorway , Gregory ' s stunned surprise had fallen from him .
If suspected sites in Iran could be identified , the IAEA could monitor them .
They agreed that nothing could be done until it was learned exactly what was taking place . 
No possible endeavor then could enable her commander to make the great passage southwards , double Cape Horn , and then running down sixty degrees of latitude arrive in the equatorial Pacific in time to cruise there .
I wish our doctor could have saved her '' .
Maybe because they have had virtually no radioactive exposure and don't have any R's stored up , they could take a lot without harm '' .
I could see you were prickling from head to foot with some kind of emotion towards me . 
Field barns were built to serve land lying some distance from the farmstead , or which could only be reached from it by way of steep hills . 
There was no church like Drew Church , no preacher like Papa , who was intimate with Him , and could consign sinners to hellfire .
He believed that , by its means , we could arrive at certainty on such matters . 
Perhaps if I took off the aqua-lung I could swim better , love my woman better .
( There are spiders too : an engineer , inspecting the Lake as it was filling , reported seeing a half-drowned tree covered with what appeared to be black foliage : he paddled alongside , then shot away as fast as his blades could carry him . 
That was why Paul could affirm concerning Jesus ` He is our peace . " 
Dear Miss Woodhouse , how could you so mistake me ?"
" That is to say , you chose to have your walk , for you were not six yards from your own door when I had the pleasure of meeting you ; and Henry and John had seen more drops than they could count long before .
She felt the look and looked back because she could not help it , seeing that he was neither as old nor as thick as she had at first believed .
Wallace 's line existed because there was one particular strait , between the islands of Bali and Lombok , that was so deep that it could never have been exposed as dry land in recent geological times . 
Burying her face in Luke 's chest to hide her blushes , Perdita asked him if he knew the Spanish for Super Tampax , and if they could stop for some on the way . 
` Cash or stock were owed to the client and problems could be attributed to inadequacies in the member 's administrative procedures . " 
On this point Sir John could give more certain intelligence ; and he told them that Mr . Willoughby had no property of his own in the country ; that he resided there only while he was visiting the old lady at Allenham Court , to whom he was related , and whose possessions he was to inherit ; adding , " Yes , yes , he is very well worth catching I can tell you , Miss Dashwood ; he has a pretty little estate of his own in Somersetshire besides ; and if I were you , I would not give him up to my younger sister , in spite of all this tumbling down hills .
The insipidity of the meeting was exactly such as Elinor had expected ; it produced not one novelty of thought or expression , and nothing could be less interesting than the whole of their discourse both in the dining parlour and drawing room : to the latter , the children accompanied them , and while they remained there , she was too well convinced of the impossibility of engaging Lucy ' s attention to attempt it .
They were facing each other , Ward saying , ` We have nothin , that could make it there and back . "
We could sometimes hear animals in the distance , but only caught fleeting glimpses of the occasional bird -- a symptom of the large amount of illegal hunting that goes on .
She touched the pendant with curious fingers , hoping she could keep the conversation impersonal . 
From the outside , it did n't look particularly inviting : it could have used some paint and polish . 
Edward , who had till then looked any where , rather than at her , saw her hurry away , and perhaps saw -- or even heard , her emotion ; for immediately afterwards he fell into a reverie , which no remarks , no inquiries , no affectionate address of Mrs . Dashwood could penetrate , and at last , without saying a word , quitted the room , and walked out towards the village -- leaving the others in the greatest astonishment and perplexity on a change in his situation , so wonderful and so sudden ;-- a perplexity which they had no means of lessening but by their own conjectures .
Could Filmer have been so stupid as to get the horses ' names wrong in addition to the cities ? 
Occasional bursts of antiaircraft fire could also be heard .
Wanderlust affected him even in retirement , when he and his sister Phyllis deserted suburban Didsbury for rural Whaley Bridge -- nearer to walking country , of course , and to places he could paint . 
How could they renege on that ? "
In the event of a fire , we could not make our way out .
His breath was grunting in her ear as he stooped to find the edge of the tape , and she could smell the sweat and youth of his body as he worked . 
Hurried by his impatient rival , and with his hands so much benumbed that he could scarcely feel how to fix the arrow in the string , he drew the bow .
The rest clambered into their saddles , and followed him unquestioningly as he led them at a canter downslope to where the hills opened out and patches of ground could be seen where the snow was melting . 
But as she loped reluctantly behind Spittals onto the raised podium , shielding her eyes from the scorching white of the television lights , aware of an expectant murmur from faces she could not see , her lips were set in a pout of discontent . 
From his wife ' s account of him she could discern Mr Smith to have been a man of warm feelings , easy temper , careless habits , and not strong understanding , much more amiable than his friend , and very unlike him , led by him , and probably despised by him .
Rose , who was her particular friend , now came forward to assure the impatient assembly , " that she would answer for it Susan would come as soon as she possibly could , and that she probably was detained by business at home ."
The Argentine firm Investigaciones Aplicadas ( INVAP ) had proposed to sell Iran machine tools , tubing and other equipment , including nuclear reactor material , that could have been used in a nuclear weapons program .
Little Patty did not know anything about Lady Di ' s sons ; but as she was very good - natured , and saw that her cousin Hal was , for some reason or other , in a desperate hurry , she ran downstairs as fast as she possibly could towards the landing - place , where the handkerchief lay ; but , alas !
He could n't sleep , or he thought he could n't , for Hazel said that all night long he whimpered and gnashed . 
The Parlement of Bordeaux , for example , gave forcible expression in a remonstrance of May 1757 to the idea that it was the guardian of the ` ancient and fundamental laws " of France and could and should not register any legislation which infringed these . 
His lawyer could argue that , while she was a loving and competent mother , other circumstances should be considered . 
Dr Spilsby had confided to Theda his belief that the end could not now be far distant .
Harriet , she found , had never in her life been within side the Vicarage , and her curiosity to see it was so extreme , that , considering exteriors and probabilities , Emma could only class it , as a proof of love , with Mr . Elton ' s seeing ready wit in her .
" I would refuse if I could ; but we ought not to do anything rude , should we ?
For , though shy , he did not seem reserved ; it had rather the appearance of feelings glad to burst their usual restraints ; and having talked of poetry , the richness of the present age , and gone through a brief comparison of opinion as to the first - rate poets , trying to ascertain whether Marmion or The Lady of the Lake were to be preferred , and how ranked the Giaour and The Bride of Abydos ; and moreover , how the Giaour was to be pronounced , he showed himself so intimately acquainted with all the tenderest songs of the one poet , and all the impassioned descriptions of hopeless agony of the other ; he repeated , with such tremulous feeling , the various lines which imaged a broken heart , or a mind destroyed by wretchedness , and looked so entirely as if he meant to be understood , that she ventured to hope he did not always read only poetry , and to say , that she thought it was the misfortune of poetry to be seldom safely enjoyed by those who enjoyed it completely ; and that the strong feelings which alone could estimate it truly were the very feelings which ought to taste it but sparingly .
Long mundane months of boredom could make this a dull and tedious year , so make sure you take the initiative and fill your life with exciting and interesting things . 
But I doggedly believed that things would change , that they could only get better , yet when I reached the outcrop I wailed with despair . 
He swung into the hospital driveway , and Belinda could n't find a comforting utterance in response to the deep fears he had just tried to voice . 
For the peculiar snow - white brow of Moby Dick , and his snow - white hump , could not but be unmistakable .
" Though no small passage was before her , yet , if the commonest chance favoured , he did not at all fear that his ship would founder by the way , because his pumps were of the best , and being periodically relieved at them , those six - and - thirty men of his could easily keep the ship free ; never mind if the leak should double on her .
After tedious checks a clutch of people who had been seen on Hampstead Heath around the time of the death had been traced but none could be linked to the murder . 
Not even an empty cartridge case could be found .
Others said that the drop continued the downward correction that 's been due in the petroleum pits and that such a trend could well continue in the next several trading sessions .
You could exercise to increase the amount of lean muscle tissue and decrease the amount of fat in your body . 
He could guess the reason of the Marquis ' s sudden madness of battle -- the Paris train was in sight .
Thirdly , they could progressively develop programmes of recurrent or continuing education for mature adults who wish to alternate work with education . 
The most that one could say is that they never consented and that therefore when they matured and reached the age of consent they were entitled to say no .
Next morning early , leaving Queequeg shut up with Yojo in our little bedroom -- for it seemed that it was some sort of Lent or Ramadan , or day of fasting , humiliation , and prayer with Queequeg and Yojo that day ; HOW it was I never could find out , for , though I applied myself to it several times , I never could master his liturgies and XXXIX Articles -- leaving Queequeg , then , fasting on his tomahawk pipe , and Yojo warming himself at his sacrificial fire of shavings , I sallied out among the shipping .
She didn't like her stepmother , but nothing is known to have occurred shortly before the crime that could have caused such a murderous rage .
`` Now you know she could've , but she isn't that kind of girl .
Not even a torrent of verbal abuse from Ron Atkinson , nor a number of disciplinary fines , could jolt him out of his depression .
The ILN commenced publication in 1842 and for the better part of the 19th and early years of the 20th century enjoyed enormous popularity because it was able regularly to reproduce illustrations when the newspapers could not .
How solemn as one by one , As the ranks returning worn and sweaty , as the men file by where stand , As the faces the masks appear , as I glance at the faces studying the masks , ( As I glance upward out of this page studying you , dear friend , whoever you are ,) How solemn the thought of my whispering soul to each in the ranks , and to you , I see behind each mask that wonder a kindred soul , O the bullet could never kill what you really are , dear friend , Nor the bayonet stab what you really are ; The soul !
She had a strong impression of his having said , in a vext tone of voice , after Captain Wentworth ' s interference , " You ought to have minded me , Walter ; I told you not to teaze your aunt ;" and could comprehend his regretting that Captain Wentworth should do what he ought to have done himself .
Emma found it really time to be at home ; the visit had already lasted long ; and on examining watches , so much of the morning was perceived to be gone , that Mrs . Weston and her companion taking leave also , could allow themselves only to walk with the two young ladies to Hartfield gates , before they set off for Randalls .
` Anyway , '' said Amiss , ` from what you say , it 's not as if he could bring in the police and have the club cleansed of sin .
But every circumstance that could embitter such an evil seemed uniting to heighten the misery of Marianne in a final separation from Willoughby -- in an immediate and irreconcilable rupture with him .
A spokeswoman for the charity said today that the bogus collections could have damaging repercussions . 
The fourth managed to elude his pursuers by escaping into a bog where no horse could follow . 
Was that boredom she could detect in his voice ?
And although , he makes no mention of the killings , a source said he carried them out because he could not bear to tell them he was penniless . 
I made the best excuses I could for not having been able to wait on him and Mrs . Elton on this happy occasion ; I said that I hoped I _should_ in the course of the summer .
From above one could only occasionally catch a glimpse of life on the floor of this green sea : a neighbor's gingham skirt flashing into sight for an instant on the path beneath her grape-arbor , or the movement of hands above a clothesline and the flutter of garments hung there , half-way down the block .
Even if the Russians could be dislodged from the north side of Sevastopol " , the allies would soon reach the point where their ships were unable to help them . 
Your sister ' s lovely person and interesting manners could not but please me ; and her behaviour to me almost from the first , was of a kind -- It is astonishing , when I reflect on what it was , and what SHE was , that my heart should have been so insensible !
Zen was so astounded at finding Cinzia there on that particular evening that he could think of nothing whatever to say . 
But when he came to the pool his pace was so precipitate that he could not stop it , and with a kind of lurching stagger , he fell splash into the greasy water .
Why anyone should be so secretive as to hide the notebook in a room that was already so well hidden he could not imagine . 
Look , if you do n't mind a bit of running you could just come as far as the Tube with me and we could continue this conversation on the way .
Unfortunately Harry could never understand Dona and Karenin in truing to help the situation made Anna even more dissatisfied with her life .
Sometimes he irritates me so much that I could scream at him . 
Many girls fell in love with him but could only admire him from afar . 
There was nothing in all this that could conceivably concern the tragedy in Miss Watson ' s face ; and by a half conscious instinct , Father Brown turned again to the seeming lunatic grubbing about in the grass .
The risk is that Jaguar 's share price could slump if GM 's agreement with Jaguar effectively locks out its U.S. rival .
Zemstva could raise taxes and had the right to make representations to the central government . 
He had not told her , and could not tell her , about his secret theft . 
I also needed to be knowledgeable about the procedures , likely outcomes and prognosis so that I could give full and accurate explanations to Mrs Allen . 
They guarded it superstitiously , for while it remained impenetrable , they felt they could stay alive , whatever the horror of the world outside .
Soon their grumblings became open discontent and no amount of encouragement from the foreman or shop steward could quench the open hostility of the men around us ; in fact I was forced to retaliate verbally . 
Ultimately it could censure the Commission and so dismiss the whole body , but such an action was so extreme that its use was not even threatened until 1972 . 
But from this broken and scattered group of men and women came the startling message of the cross and resurrection with a conviction and power that neither the Jewish authorities nor the Roman rulers could stem .
Across the bay flames leapt high from the burning house and she could hear the crackling of burning vegetation , the sudden sharp retorts as wood popped and split . 
The head of the Bonn Chancellery , Rudolf Seiters , said the West German government had made it clear that it could not make any concessions regarding its embassies in other countries and that no East German would be turned away from any West German mission abroad . 
A word was put in for a second young Cox ; and at last , Mr . Weston naming one family of cousins who must be included , and another of very old acquaintance who could not be left out , it became a certainty that the five couple would be at least ten , and a very interesting speculation in what possible manner they could be disposed of .
Margery could hardly wait to open it .
The Roth plan would create a new , non-deductible IRA from which money could be withdrawn tax-free not only for retirement , but also for the purchase of a first home and to pay education and medical expenses .
She knew the limitations of her own powers too well to attempt more than she could perform with credit ; she wanted neither taste nor spirit in the little things which are generally acceptable , and could accompany her own voice well .
Sammy waited a little until he could see better .
Thou pulse -- thou motive of the stars , suns , systems , That , circling , move in order , safe , harmonious , Athwart the shapeless vastnesses of space , How should I think , how breathe a single breath , how speak , if , out of myself , I could not launch , to those , superior universes ?
It will be hard down the road to persuade Congress to approve money for SDI plans if lawmakers fear those plans could scuttle a completed treaty .
I know it is worse than that ; because a man told me who was present at a scene that no man could invent , where a stronger man than any of us tried to defy the secret , and was scared away from it ."
Not a seat could be found in the cathedral that day , and so many crowded into every pew that the west door was left open . 
I do not wish to seem inelegant , but this unsightly whale looks much like an amputated sow ; and , as for the narwhale , one glimpse at it is enough to amaze one , that in this nineteenth century such a hippogriff could be palmed for genuine upon any intelligent public of schoolboys .
Mr Ashdown said he could be blamed for forcing a second election , but he was seeking PR because it was central to a coalition that would ensure a stable government .
But yes , yes … now the Warlords were angling away from one another as they tramped thunderously towards the Marines — who could certainly see them now through veils of smoke in the darkness riven by the lightning of explosions . 
Miss Barbara Case , with her mistaken airs of gentility , aiming to be thought a woman , and a fine lady , whilst she was , in reality , a child and a vulgar attorney ' s daughter , rendered herself so thoroughly ridiculous , that the good natured , yet discerning spectators were painfully divided between their sense of comic absurdity and a feeling of shame for one who could feel nothing for herself .
There is no reason why most theatergoers should not have a pretty good time at `` Donnybrook '' , unless they are permanently in the mood of Enright when he sings about how easily he could hate the lovable Irish .
He could only remember that gradually and naturally he knew that he was and had been walking along a country lane with an easy and conversational companion .
He could no longer build anything , whether a private residence in his Pennsylvania county or a church in Brazil , without it being obvious that he had done it , and while here and there he was taken to task for again developing the same airy technique , they were such fanciful and sometimes even playful buildings that the public felt assured by its sense of recognition after a time , a quality of authentic uniqueness about them , which , once established by an artist as his private vision , is no longer disputable as to its other values .
They could let loose the stormy passions that seemd to multiply in this forest hothouse .
No one having previously heard his history , could for the first time behold Father Mapple without the utmost interest , because there were certain engrafted clerical peculiarities about him , imputable to that adventurous maritime life he had led .
yes , I must be there ; I could not refuse ; and I will keep as much awake as I can ; but I would rather be at home , looking over William Larkins ' s week ' s account ; much rather , I confess .-- Pleasure in seeing dancing !-- not I , indeed -- I never look at it -- I do not know who does .-- Fine dancing , I believe , like virtue , must be its own reward .
There was none ; there could not in any case have been much , for the little streets were thick with the soundless snow .
Later , crippled by paralysis , he could only hobble about the streets , before being confined to his room in Brighton . 
A heavy scene however awaited me , before I could leave Devonshire ;-- I was engaged to dine with you on that very day ; some apology was therefore necessary for my breaking this engagement .
In preparation , the Army surgeon general has issued a warning that the film could cause flashbacks for veterans and nightmares for family members .
Women were rarely allowed to nor could afford to join such clubs .
At last there was a void no one could fill .
the bystanders exclaimed ; " what could put such wickedness in your head ?"
He opened a drawer of the desk and brought out a pile of class books , and she saw that it could . 
These could be met only by considering the dynamical elements of several planets at one time .
AROUND 3,000 white-collar jobs at British Coal are set to be axed and more pits could close if the industry does not become more competitive , the corporation 's chairman admitted yesterday . 
" The interpretive community formed around Rasta language and symbols , presided over and tutored in dread ethics by Marley and other outernational reggae artists , simply could not withstand these changes . 
A garrulous Welshman who could not see a beach without running along it . 
One packed rush was made to the side , and every eye counted every ripple , as moment followed moment , and no sign of either the sinker or the diver could be seen .
He could also hear the stream which he had seen from his position .
19 : 3 And he sought to see Jesus who he was ; and could not for the press , because he was little of stature .
If the refinancing plan clears Congress , there could be fairly heavy prepayments on the premium securities , hurting any investor paying much above par for them .
" His manner could not have been more cordial " , recorded the president 's visitor . 
How could a man so intelligent in every other way be so obtuse when it came to ordinary everyday living ? 
NBC Productions or NBC News could supply the network with other Saturday morning shows , a move that would control costs .
PATIENTS on life-saving drugs could be taking ineffective or dangerous counterfeit products without realising it , as victims of a trade ruse , manufacturers said today . 
Immediately we could sense a rough and rather unpleasant atmosphere , but we allowed ourselves to be swept up the steps of the first house into a howling throng of excitable spectators . 
The move could pose a new challenge to Time Warner 's Home Box Office .
Europe found all this heartening ; these were principles for intervention that it could accept . 
Even as he did so he could hear the loud voices of the neighbours and the police coming down the garden .
was all that Rosamond could say .
Oh , how could you do so ?"
Felix became the favourite of Corkscrew ; and , though Franklin by no means sought to pry into the mysteries of their private conferences , nor ever entered without knocking at the door , yet it was his fate once to be sent of a message at an unlucky time ; and , as the door was half open , he could not avoid seeing Felix drinking a bumper of red liquor , which he could not help suspecting to be wine ; and , as the decanter , which usually went upstairs after dinner , was at this time in the butler ' s grasp , without any stopper in it , he was involuntarily forced to suspect they were drinking his mistress ' wine .
They could light no fire , and Ratagan prophesied gloomily that their camp that night would be cheerless . 
She could n't fathom the difference , but something about his mood made her feel uneasy .
Such expressions , assisted as they were by every thing that look and manner could do , made Emma feel that she had never loved Harriet so well , nor valued her affection so highly before .
This meant that Mrs. Bernadette McAliskey ( nee Devlin ) could not take part though she had earlier indicated that she would stand as a candidate in Mid-Ulster . 
Under South African law police could hold the man for questioning for up to 48 hours before seeking the permission of magistrates for an extension . 
Renaissance poetry ( in Sidney 's sense of seriously crafted eloquent language which could include prose ) is perceived to be the province of the truly serious writer , and this is equated with elitism . 
For a split second , Nick relaxed his grip and Poet's slippery body spun completely around before Nick could stop him , holding him now from the rear .
One could even make a case for delaying it until the Club celebrates its Centenary Year 20 years hence .
In conversation , he could be very rude about his colleagues . 
They had sat on opposite sides of the empty fireplace in the drawing room for some time without speaking , each wondering how the subject could be broached .
But what could the Eichmann Trial initiate ? ?
A state , the highest form of human organization in fact and theory , could be subjected to Law only by a manifestation of self-will , or consent .
The history is so little known -- and so fascinating -- it could easily have served as this novel 's point of departure , or the spine of a novel all its own .
The momentary shadow touched but could not intimidate him ; he had gone somewhat beyond fear for himself . 
Perhaps I could have dissuaded her . 
Gods and goddesses could appear in the form of boulders , trees , birds , snakes , or pillars , but we can be sure that an appearance in human form had the greatest emotional impact . 
`` Because , Fred , it could do him no good .
He went for the bed , jumped on it , and struck where he could , repeatedly .
Carl could see the bearded hijacker from the light of the instruments . 
Mr . Churchill was better than could be expected ; and their first removal , on the departure of the funeral for Yorkshire , was to be to the house of a very old friend in Windsor , to whom Mr . Churchill had been promising a visit the last ten years .
She regarded the wife of former Beirut hostage Jackie Mann as a ` dear friend' and was heartbroken she could not see her before she died of lung cancer on November 30 . 
You could tell he was a maverick because he 's called Gavin , is articulate and wears black T-shirts for work . 
`` Oh , you could .
Harriet expressed herself very much as might be supposed , without reproaches , or apparent sense of ill - usage ; and yet Emma fancied there was a something of resentment , a something bordering on it in her style , which increased the desirableness of their being separate .-- It might be only her own consciousness ; but it seemed as if an angel only could have been quite without resentment under such a stroke .
Some could have increased overtime working , but for those using continuous or semi-continuous production processes this was technically difficult , and for those employing mainly women infeasible . 
He took a huge gulp of cognac , raised his finger to order another round , and settled his bulk as comfortably as he could into his chair before resuming the conversation . 
Edward could only attempt an explanation by supposing , that , perhaps , at first accidentally meeting , the vanity of the one had been so worked on by the flattery of the other , as to lead by degrees to all the rest .
` The lighthouses were built , operated , financed and owned by private individuals , who could sell the lighthouse or dispose of it by bequest , " Mr Coase found . 
Now what could be more mouthwatering than a big plate of juicy , tender ribs drippin' with barbecue sauce ? 
But for that purpose they wanted someone to dress up as a dynamiter ; and they all swore by blazes that I could never look like a dynamiter .
Then he would realize they were really things that only he himself could think .
For once Cady Partlow wished Anne would yell at him so he could yell back .
She wrinkled her brow inquisitively , but could n't manage to lose her slightly mocking smile , like a mother with a petulant child . 
Although I could n't actually see Maté 's sneer , I felt it in the darkness . 
I immediately saw that there could be no difficulty in it , so I said , ' My dear Lady Elliott , do not be uneasy .
15 : 63 As for the Jebusites the inhabitants of Jerusalem , the children of Judah could not drive them out ; but the Jebusites dwell with the children of Judah at Jerusalem unto this day .
Loud music echoed across the site , so loud that it could be heard 10 miles away .
I never could have an idea of any body else -- and so I thought you knew .
He was a natural swimmer and loved it , and could keep up with Nails for several lengths , with a long , graceful strike that far outshone Nails 's for style . 
Adam could not , but wept , Though not of woman born ; compassion quelled His best of man , and gave him up to tears A space , till firmer thoughts restrained excess ; And , scarce recovering words , his plaint renewed .
Company officials , holders and analysts who previously expected the disposals to be substantially complete by the end of next year 's first half now say the market gyrations could delay the actions well into the second half .
Now under me I could see him for what he really was , a boy dressed up in streaks of paint .
Japan Air Lines , Lufthansa German Airlines and Air France reportedly plan to form an international air-freight company this year , a move that could further consolidate the industry .
The matter itself I could not deny , and vain was every endeavour to soften it .
When she could command Mary ' s attention , Anne quietly tried to convince her that their father and Mr Elliot had not , for many years , been on such terms as to make the power of attempting an introduction at all desirable .
His fellow - prisoner could only repeat the words .
Nicholson has always strongly denied the view that his films could have influenced anyone in their decision whether or not to indulge in drugs . 
Gazing too long at the scenery could be tiring , so halts were contrived between meals .
Though he could put no figure on possible aid , Sir Wyn said assistance would come from the Bellwin scheme which can be activated for emergency relief after exceptional storm or flood damage .
I could only suppose that you ' d seen somebody coming whom you didn ' t want to meet ; and found the public - house was the only shelter in this wilderness of stone ....
So very early the next morning Little Joe Otter went to the best fishing pool he knew of in the Laughing Brook , and there he caught the biggest trout he could find .
She had done everything to deny the truth , but how could she deny it now , when she was burning under his touch ? 
Food always tasted better when I could not see it . 
The Prince had never publicly been so outspoken on such a politically sensitive subject , but it was something he felt he could not ignore . 
Mary had shewn herself disobliging to him , and was now to reap the consequence , which consequence was his dropping her arm almost every moment to cut off the heads of some nettles in the hedge with his switch ; and when Mary began to complain of it , and lament her being ill - used , according to custom , in being on the hedge side , while Anne was never incommoded on the other , he dropped the arms of both to hunt after a weasel which he had a momentary glance of , and they could hardly get him along at all .
But by the end she chose to overplay her hand and lost the sympathy of those who could have saved her from her last indignities -- though perhaps not from the bottle .
Thus , even Francisco ' s talents could not have advanced him in the world , unless they had been united to integrity .
said Tarlton , " why , now , what harm could it do ?"
13 : 2 And though I have the gift of prophecy , and understand all mysteries , and all knowledge ; and though I have all faith , so that I could remove mountains , and have not charity , I am nothing .
Once Dai succeeded in getting Bernard 's semi-automatic printer in full working order it could produce 5,000 metres of cloth per week . 
He could not stop to analyze .
Bevo was congratulated for his efforts to stay in shape so that he could help the team if his knee healed in time .
Since the lawmakers were mostly of the creditor class , their attitude was to retain a statute by which they could obtain a writ for the arrest of their debtor and his detention at their will .
You might recognize her by her kind and open face , a simplicity which you could easily overlook . 
Even for Frank ' s truly fraternal indifference the radiance and derision of his sister still seemed to sparkle and ring ; he could hear her laughter still from the garden of the hotel , and he stared at his sombre adviser in puzzledom .
Parish councillors thought that if the steep banks could be planted with shrubs and low growing trees this would hold the steep banks either side of the path .
" Mr . Archer ," said Dr . Middleton , after the grand affair was decided , " you have done all that genius alone could do ; but you , De Grey , have done all that genius and industry united could do ."
He could feel it on his face and in his hair .
' You can draw water out of a water - well ,' said the Hatter ; ' so I should think you could draw treacle out of a treacle - well -- eh , stupid ?'
What really happened was that he had to climb a length of rope which had mattresses underneath it so that at the end of each take he could simply drop to the ground in safety . 
Alongside the wall a narrow path wound between waist-high nettles to a small structure whose function one could guess at . 
I am serious , Miss Woodhouse , whatever your penetrating eyes may fancy -- I am sick of England -- and would leave it to - morrow , if I could ."
` For instance all the Big 10 trusts could ( if they so chose ) fund a 5% dividend increase from reserves for three years assuming maintained earnings , " the brokers write . 
There was not a baronet from A to Z whom her feelings could have so willingly acknowledged as an equal .
How could I tell that she had a mandarin in her hand ?
Emma could not but rejoice to hear that she had a fault .
` I 'm not married -- my sister Berenice is my only relative , but I 'm intrigued by your interest , though you could have just asked me instead of getting angry . " 
" Mounted troops pursued some of the crowd through Christian Street and the women threw from the windows all they could lay hands on . 
It had no advantage of situation ; but had been very much smartened up by the present proprietor ; and , such as it was , there could be no possibility of the two friends passing it without a slackened pace and observing eyes .-- Emma ' s remark was --
She COULD NOT SAY AMEN .
All I say is , I don ' t believe any Pole could have imitated my accent like I did his ."
The only favour she had actually given him , Alfred had thought , unusually mutinous , was cuff-links decorated with tiny cameos of herself , hardly the sort of thing he could wear to the Cafý Royal . 
You could always smear sticky treacle on the bit or make sure the bit is always warm before it goes into her mouth . 
Here in the cool darkness Mr. Podger could still feel the warmth of midday , could still see the yellow butterflies dancing over the road , could still see the friendly grin on the young , sun-browned face as the driver looked back over his shoulder for a moment before the car streaked out of sight .
Dexter took the jacket to the window so that he could scrutinise the cuff by natural light . 
Mr . Woodhouse considered eight persons at dinner together as the utmost that his nerves could bear -- and here would be a ninth -- and Emma apprehended that it would be a ninth very much out of humour at not being able to come even to Hartfield for forty - eight hours without falling in with a dinner - party .
Rab felt so weak he could have cried again .
But really this could be a bunch of retarded animals walking round kicking people 's butts . 
Their potential is considerable , though , and the Department of Energy estimated that they could provide 10 per cent of Britain 's annual energy requirements over 100 years .
The punishment of the enemies and the traitors of the working class , it was alleged , was the sole right of the working class and could not be left to the processes of natural degeneration . 
Neither was this universal adviser more successful in an attempt to introduce a tutor to Frederick , who , she apprehended , must want some one to perfect him in the Latin and Greek , and dead languages , of which , she observed , it would be impertinent for a woman to talk ; only she might venture to repeat what she had heard said by good authority , that a competency of the dead tongues could be had nowhere but at a public school , or else from a private tutor who had been abroad ( after the advantage of a classical education , finished in one of the universities ) with a good family ; without which introduction it was idle to think of reaping solid advantages from any continental tour ; all which requisites , from personal knowledge , she could aver to be concentrated in the gentleman she had the honour to recommend , as having been tutor to a young nobleman , who had now no further occasion for him , having , unfortunately for himself and his family , been killed in an untimely duel .
In some areas he could plant his land with windmills . 
If you could tell by his manner when the word that might hang him had come , why shouldn ' t he tell from your manner that the word that might hang him was coming ?
I had the uncanny feeling that the ghost of Sigmund Freud was chiding me for thinking this and she was clearly incensed that I could suggest that her father could have had any interest in religion whatsoever . 
As for the great head itself , that was doing as well as could be expected .
Blockade , in the view of military and civilian experts , could restore teeth to the Monroe Doctrine .
In the event that the buy-out group stalls in reviving its bid , the UAL board could remain under some pressure to seek another transaction , even without any legal obligation to do so .
They were tired and ill and they could not walk up to the plateau . 
`` We 've made some fairly significant proposals to put design capability in-house , so we could design vehicles in China .
A three-day confinement week , with a month's vacation and shorter hours all around could be an ultimate demand from cell occupants of the nation , with fringe benefits including : 1 .
I wish you could have seen the crests fall on these two sparring coxcombs when I told them that obviously the pasture belonged to their wives jointly .
We have tested 16 site-directed mutants of E. coli FtsZ for assembly and GTPase activity in vitro , and for whether they can function in vivo to complement ftsZ84 . Mutations on the front and back of the FtsZ protofilament were mostly benign : they had normal in vitro assembly , and could complement ftsZ84 . Several of these , however , had significantly reduced in vitro GTPase , demonstrating that the high level of GTPase is not essential for assembly or function in vivo .
Such a transfer could and would only be brought about by a bourgeois-democratic revolution .
Many other examples could be given on such issues as the placements of children in care , behaviour problems and the family links experienced by children . 
She was a smartly dressed woman , different from the other women in our district , but then she could afford to be because they were very comfortably off . 
I wonder who the friend was -- and who could be the young lady .
Sooner or later she would have to stand before the Mother Superior and confess what she had done , but even that awful prospect could n't quell her joy just then .
I think we could set up some kind of rotating schedule , to keep you from wearing out your welcome by staying at any one place too long .
She could think only of the invitation she had with such astonishment witnessed , and of the manner in which it had been received ; a manner of doubtful meaning , of surprise rather than gratification , of polite acknowledgement rather than acceptance .
16 : 28 Thou hast played the whore also with the Assyrians , because thou wast unsatiable ; yea , thou hast played the harlot with them , and yet couldest not be satisfied .
The shortest route , depending on weapon design , could be to purchase or steal fissile material .
`` That it had found a planet on which human beings could live and which was already inhabited by sentient beings '' ! !
I could n't fault the descriptions , although I did find it a little irritating to be several paragraphs into each section before the actual route of ascent was revealed . 
But I could n't help feeling Clive had a point about a leak .
Would I could answer This comfort with the like .
In the mean time , till all these alterations could be made from the savings of an income of five hundred a - year by a woman who never saved in her life , they were wise enough to be contented with the house as it was ; and each of them was busy in arranging their particular concerns , and endeavoring , by placing around them books and other possessions , to form themselves a home .
He was short , dumpy and big-nosed , his hair was nondescript sandy and thinning ; no suit could stand the strain of his hyperactive volatility for more than a few hours . 
' It IS the same thing with you ,' said the Hatter , and here the conversation dropped , and the party sat silent for a minute , while Alice thought over all she could remember about ravens and writing - desks , which wasn ' t much .
I could never tell whether an attachment between you and Mr . Elton were most desirable or most natural .
There could be only the most proper alacrity , a most obliging compliance for public view ; and smiles reined in and spirits dancing in private rapture .
He could certainly talk .
Another possibility being mentioned was that GM could begin Jaguar production in the US -- the company 's biggest market .
He had frightened her a little about Mr . Elton ; but when she considered that Mr . Knightley could not have observed him as she had done , neither with the interest , nor ( she must be allowed to tell herself , in spite of Mr . Knightley ' s pretensions ) with the skill of such an observer on such a question as herself , that he had spoken it hastily and in anger , she was able to believe , that he had rather said what he wished resentfully to be true , than what he knew any thing about .
If I stayed in Athens I could go to places from there , I thought . 
They were married over the week-end , though he was easily sixty and she could not have been even thirty .
On that subject poor Miss Bates was very unhappy , and very communicative ; Jane would hardly eat any thing :-- Mr . Perry recommended nourishing food ; but every thing they could command ( and never had any body such good neighbours ) was distasteful .
But this old woman was deaf and cross ; and when at last Jem made her hear his questions , he could get no answer from her , but that she found the fossils where he would never find any more .
He knew that even his animal life could only be saved by a considerable readiness to lose it .
U. S. willingness to accept a neutral Laos may have led Premier Khrushchev to believe that other areas could be `` neutralized '' on Soviet terms .
I could actually feel Dawn ripping up the dead creatures as she sat on my fist and the blood was soaking through my glove . 
There was nothing in Luke 's voice to suggest anything more than a mild curiosity , but Fran could feel the tension radiating from his powerful body as he leant forward in the seat . 
According to the law , neglected land could be confiscated by the state . 
Elinor was soon called to the card - table by the conclusion of the first rubber , and the confidential discourse of the two ladies was therefore at an end , to which both of them submitted without any reluctance , for nothing had been said on either side to make them dislike each other less than they had done before ; and Elinor sat down to the card table with the melancholy persuasion that Edward was not only without affection for the person who was to be his wife ; but that he had not even the chance of being tolerably happy in marriage , which sincere affection on HER side would have given , for self - interest alone could induce a woman to keep a man to an engagement , of which she seemed so thoroughly aware that he was weary .
To document his charge , Pike set up two parallel columns in The Advocate showing the price charged by The Gazette and the considerably lower price for which the work could be done elsewhere .
Then she remembered Guido 's threat that he could stop him working anywhere in Italy , and suddenly she did n't feel quite so relieved any more . 
The conclusion of the whole was , that if the woman who had been sensible of Captain Wentworth ' s merits could be allowed to prefer another man , there was nothing in the engagement to excite lasting wonder ; and if Captain Wentworth lost no friend by it , certainly nothing to be regretted .
20 : 25 And when Jehoshaphat and his people came to take away the spoil of them , they found among them in abundance both riches with the dead bodies , and precious jewels , which they stripped off for themselves , more than they could carry away : and they were three days in gathering of the spoil , it was so much .
Claudia could never believe she was as lovely as the girl in the picture whose cloud of shining golden-brown hair flowed over the translucent skin of her shoulders like a caress . 
But even so Lucy could not give up her intellectual pursuits .
The anode ablation could be reduced to a negligible amount .
Short and chubby , he once said that he was the only senior Hong Kong official who could see eye-to-eye with the equally diminutive Deng Xiaoping . 
" He was too good !-- she could not endure the thought !-- she would not give him such a troublesome office for the world ,"-- brought on the desired repetition of entreaties and assurances ,-- and a very few minutes settled the business .
As for Peggy and Nancy , it was little that they could do ; but they were good children , and Mary , when she considered that so much depended upon her , was resolved to exert herself to the utmost .
There was no natural corruption and no merciful decay by which a living thing could enter in .
If `` Forrest Gump '' should prevail , star Tom Hanks could pull off the back-to-back Oscar stunt accomplished by only four actors in history .
Cornelius found the habit mildly annoying , but as he prided himself that he could get through any interview with Mr Yarrow without uttering a single word , he refrained from comment . 
The rubbish could generate 25 megawatts of power worth around £2.6 million a year .
The idea that the Renaissance could be named , classified , described , and interpreted so that it was rendered readily comprehensible within some generalised scheme of the humanities was no longer a clearly defined process .
` How could a nation of beer-swiggers begin to understand the first thing about producing a half decent wine ? " 
Bombers could be made invisible to radar , maintained an American author in New Scientist , the issue also carrying a discussion of what scientists could do to halt development of more appalling weapons even than those in existence .
The intention of these investigations is to ascertain if there could be any adverse effect on the public interest as a result of a particular monopoly or merger situation . 
Now tell me true , _I ' d_ run the best I could .
So , in spite of the semi-dark , the uneven terrain , the twisting path , he rowelled his horse on as fast as he could , its hooves beating out a staccato that echoed hollowly .
People disconcerted him because they could surprise him . 
Indeed , the older couple 's portfolio could actually be riskier in that sense if the expected return wo n't generate enough dollars to meet their spending plans .
" She had set out from Mrs . Goddard ' s half an hour ago -- she had been afraid it would rain -- she had been afraid it would pour down every moment -- but she thought she might get to Hartfield first -- she had hurried on as fast as possible ; but then , as she was passing by the house where a young woman was making up a gown for her , she thought she would just step in and see how it went on ; and though she did not seem to stay half a moment there , soon after she came out it began to rain , and she did not know what to do ; so she ran on directly , as fast as she could , and took shelter at Ford ' s ."
" Everyone hoped that would be the case here , and no one could say that the U. S. was behind it , " he said .
Later , students could attend lectures at the Royal Institution by Michael Faraday ( 1791-1867 ) who was himself the son of a blacksmith farrier . 
He had told her , so that today he could be free -- free to go to Charity and tell her about this astonishing feeling inside of him .
The line soon lived up to its name , as local messages of moderate length could be sent for a dime and the company was quickly able to declare very liberal dividends on its capital stock .
He could hardly speak , and the tears streamed from his old eyes , but he gathered strength to ask one more question .
He would live in an attic and wear threadbare clothes provides he could go on seeing and making movies " . 
Maggie pushed on the bar lock but could n't shift it . 
But we could n't resist quoting captain Martyn Moxon at length in a piece he has penned for the club . 
Even at a car's length I could sense that something was wrong , and so I followed her up to the turnaround in front of the house .
` No one could be buried inside Rome in ancient times , Caroline .
However , if the Jumblies could turn that into a sea-going vessel , you should expect that the PC can be made as secure as you want .
But they are still used as nest-eggs and , in particular , they could find favour among directors with substantial interests in multi-nationals .
Emma could not think it too soon ; for with all his good and agreeable qualities , there was a sort of parade in his speeches which was very apt to incline her to laugh .
Their opportunity of acquaintance in the house of Mr . Pratt was a foundation for the rest , at once indisputable and alarming ; and Edward ' s visit near Plymouth , his melancholy state of mind , his dissatisfaction at his own prospects , his uncertain behaviour towards herself , the intimate knowledge of the Miss Steeles as to Norland and their family connections , which had often surprised her , the picture , the letter , the ring , formed altogether such a body of evidence , as overcame every fear of condemning him unfairly , and established as a fact , which no partiality could set aside , his ill - treatment of herself .-- Her resentment of such behaviour , her indignation at having been its dupe , for a short time made her feel only for herself ; but other ideas , other considerations , soon arose .
No swans ' , cranes ' , or bitterns ' eggs could be taken from the fen . 
I could wish the stairs were handsome .
There were Mr . Wilkinson ' s cigar - boxes and Mr . Wilkinson ' s dozen of champagne and Mr . Wilkinson ' s tinned salmon and Mr . Wilkinson ' s tinned tongue and Mr . Wilkinson ' s tinned sardines , and every sort of preserved thing that could be seen at the Army and Navy stores .
You could set your back against the roughened old trunk , plant your feet securely on the wide bough and gaze out undisturbed over the great surges of greenery . 
The tank itself could split , spilling fuel over the boat and leaving none left to get home ! 3 .
It was a great satisfaction to Elinor that Mrs . Jennings , by being much engaged in her own room , could see little of what was passing .
High inflation rates in the early period of the Wilson government settled it : new primary roads for London could not be afforded . 
She did n't know ; it was hard to tell with this man ; she could never see what he was thinking . 
The Company maintained a store at which products of England could be purchased and brought in goods for the new merchants on the understanding that they refrain from trading in furs .
If it were to be shared with the woman he loved , he could not think any man to be pitied for having that house .
I have calculated that if I could snap my fingers in one magic gesture to release the power of all the hydrogen in my body , I would explode with the force of a hundred bombs of the kind that fell on Hiroshima .
A GOVERNMENT U-turn that could ease overcrowding in Darlington 's Roman Catholic schools was last night condemned as a ` vote-catching con " to save the seat of the town 's MP . 
My guards put ninety-one chains on my left leg , so that I could not escape . 
Suddenly there was a brightness like sunlight below them , and Little Billy could see a vast lake of water , gloriously blue , and on the surface of the lake thousands of swans were swimming slowly about . 
Both had reflected that the faces of the dancers , women more than men , but men , too , could just as well have been distorted in screams and grimaces of pain as in enjoyment . 
He looked the mysterious ambassador up and down , but he could discover nothing except that the man ' s coat was the exact colour of the purple shadows , and that the man ' s face was the exact colour of the red and brown and golden sky .
I then asked Queequeg whether he himself was ever troubled with dyspepsia ; expressing the idea very plainly , so that he could take it in .
The material could also be used just on the back wall of an alcove , to highlight a special collection displayed on shelves in front of it , for instance .
How could she ? ?
Whether it could be as disastrous for American labor as , say , Jimmy Hoffa of the Teamsters , is a matter of conjecture .
How could he have missed the sign before ? 
The beep of a pager could be heard from under a blanket .
When they turn up at the office next day looking as if they 've missed out on their sleep , however , they could get more than teasing comments from their colleagues . 
But in the moment of truth everyone could see that the U.S. was in reality the principal .
For the first time , Hank did not feel a pang of envy at his friend 's being already at work ; he felt he was doing better than any young policeman could hope to do . 
Experts in commons legislation do not see how a future purchaser could exploit timber , withdraw public access or charge for access on Newtown Common . 
To the Republicans no victory could have been more complete .
I could almost assert that you had _named_ Mr . Frank Churchill .
The area in which they lived was overcrowded and unsalubrious and if there was rather less unemployment than in the north of England , that was about all that could be said for it . 
She could be no more than six weeks pregnant but she had put on the sloppiest sweater she could find and she pulled it down self-consciously now . 
" Have not I done everything I could to please you ?
Flora envied them because all the things she craved in life they could buy cheaply in the NAAFI . 
One can indeed use could in a positive sentence evoking a past capacity which was never even exercised : ( 11 ) Ten years ago , the super-powers could already destroy the world 1000 times over .
In it s infinite wisdom , the telephone companies long ago abandoned words for numbers , having perceived that there were some number combinations ( like 95 ) could not be readily yielded by familiar names .
So that she could wreak her vengeance ?
Of what new course could it mark the beginning ? ?
But ere we could arriue the Point propos ' d , Caesar cride , Helpe me Cassius , or I sinke .
In 1964 , four-score-years-and-one after the initial defeat in the Supreme Court , the country could once again say that equal access to theaters and public accommodations was the law of the land .
Sen. John McCain ( R-Ariz . ) , a fervent supporter of increasing aid to rebel leaders , said that killing Kadafi could be legitimate " if you view Kadafi himself as part of the command and control .
Pressure for Hawke to resign increased in mid-December , with several delegations of senior ALP figures informing him that he could no longer count on the support of a majority of the parliamentary caucus .
` Roger , " he whined , the tears falling down his fat , pasty face , ` how could she ? 
One morning , about ten days after Mrs . Churchill ' s decease , Emma was called downstairs to Mr . Weston , who " could not stay five minutes , and wanted particularly to speak with her ."
Dimly , he heard laughter , hoots of derision , but he could not read the racket properly .
And not only did it appear that he was expected , and speedily , but the Musgroves , in their warm gratitude for the kindness he had shewn poor Dick , and very high respect for his character , stamped as it was by poor Dick ' s having been six months under his care , and mentioning him in strong , though not perfectly well - spelt praise , as " a fine dashing felow , only two perticular about the schoolmaster ," were bent on introducing themselves , and seeking his acquaintance , as soon as they could hear of his arrival .
They remembered Phoebe from Oxford days , and she could not fail to notice their thinly veiled compassion for Rachel that her brilliant daughter should have turned out so odd , so unsatisfactory . 
` How could he contrive to come ?
Dot did n't tell her that at school they already had hot and cold water and she could wash her hands and face at any time . 
You could think yourself as grown up as Methuselah , yet the maternal voice still kept its comforting magic .
It was half-past two before he pedalled on but I could go no further . 
` I could phone him with a problem and he had such insight that he could steer me through it , although he knew very little of the problems over here . " 
Friends tell me that this could seriously hamper my chances of joining Athletico , as it is rumoured your club is just an excuse for getting smashed four or five times a week .
If he had any explanation it could have been given in complete confidence .
Did not I earn it by my own ingenuity from that selfish dunce " ( pointing to Fisher ), " who could never have gotten one of his twelve buns , if I had not shown him how ?
much thicker than Miss Anne ' s ; and , in short , her civility rendered her quite as anxious to be left to walk with Mr Elliot as Anne could be , and it was discussed between them with a generosity so polite and so determined , that the others were obliged to settle it for them ; Miss Elliot maintaining that Mrs Clay had a little cold already , and Mr Elliot deciding on appeal , that his cousin Anne ' s boots were rather the thickest .
After so many years , little Louisa ' s wish came true : she bought a nice house for her family ; she sent one of her sisters to Europe , to study ; she gave her father books ; but best of all , she was able to see to it that the beloved mother , so tired and so ill , could have rest and happiness .
The absolute necessity of seeming like herself produced then an immediate struggle ; but after a while she could do no more .
His eyes rested on her face once more , with an expression so baffling that she could not hope to interpret it . 
Thus , the right of the large nation could deny that of the small .
If we could only get round in front --"
Whilst the company had grown significantly during the Wadeville years little could compare with the move to Germiston . 
` It was bleak and you should have heard how the wind could blow across those moors . 
But matters were so arranged that for most the outlook was not completely bleak ; almost everyone could arrive eventually at a state of relative freedom from intimidation and enjoy a measure of authority over others . 
Elinor advised her to lie down again , and for a moment she did so ; but no attitude could give her ease ; and in restless pain of mind and body she moved from one posture to another , till growing more and more hysterical , her sister could with difficulty keep her on the bed at all , and for some time was fearful of being constrained to call for assistance .
During the next five years liberal leaders in the United States sank in the cumulative confusion attendant upon and manifested in a negative policy of Containment -- and the bitterest irony -- enforced and enforceable only by threat of a weapon that we felt the greatest distaste for but could not abandon : the atom bomb .
Furthermore , even if the person warned did not repeat the conduct about which he had been warned , he could be arrested if he engaged in a different act or course of offensive conduct . 
It was impossible that such a grand event as Susan ' s visit to the Abbey could long remain unknown to Barbara Case and her gossiping maid .
Mary could see a row of white stones marking the pathway across the marsh . 
Down in the channel they could hear the water slapping against the greasy mud walls . 
As cheerfully as possible , he said , `` Well , I guess we could all do with a little drink '' .
The idea that soldiers could pose as rebels and attack civilians might seem implausible in other countries , but the Indonesian army 's track record prompted immediate speculation that it was responsible .
Emma ' s attempts to stop her father had been vain ; and when he had reached such a point as this , she could not wonder at her brother - in - law ' s breaking out .
People who got to work for the Financial Telegraph , especially women , could n't be bullshitted as easily as that . 
You 've probably never encountered opposition before , because you 've deliberately gone after the weak who could n't fight back .
Did you know that Cecil Beaton could n't even load his own camera ? 
Defoe then commented , `` If they Could Draw that young Gentleman into Their Measures They would show themselves quickly , for they are not asham'd to Say They want only a head to Make a beginning '' .
The Association of California Insurance Companies estimated damage to residential property could total $ 500 million , but only $ 100 million to $ 150 million is insured , it said .
Just as soon as he caught sight of Buster Bear running for the Green Forest as hard as ever he could , he understood what had excited Sammy so .
but seeing what drugs did to him makes me see makes me realize what it could do to people you know in the work force as well
After much thinking , she could determine on nothing better , than Harriet ' s returning the visit ; but in a way that , if they had understanding , should convince them that it was to be only a formal acquaintance .
One powerful break from Hanley or Schofield , or an electrifying burst of speed by winger Offiah in the opening quarter , could seriously undermine Welsh confidence . 
Inclusive of the manor of Clipsham his Rutland property alone exceeded £12 in value , and from Buckinghamshire he drew a further £43.2 As a gentleman , the absentee William Dall ( or Dale ) could also be expected to have other property , and was in fact lord of the neighbouring manor of Tickencote , where he resided . 
McDonough and other Army officials here believe that the gunmen were disciplined soldiers sending carefully calculated exploratory fire into American positions , probing for weaknesses they could later exploit .
She could consult with her brother , could receive her sister - in - law on her arrival , and treat her with proper attention ; and could strive to rouse her mother to similar exertion , and encourage her to similar forbearance .
In a sense , he could charm the birds from the trees , because he adopted and tamed a variety of wildlife . 
No man ever had a better opinion of himself and indeed , with one so favored , flattery could hardly seem overdone .
Mr . Weston , always alert when business was to be done , and as incapable of procrastinating any evil that was inevitable , as of foreseeing any that was doubtful , said , " It was time to go ;" and the young man , though he might and did sigh , could not but agree , to take leave .
If you tell him I made a pass at you he might think you misunderstood something I said or did , so instead of just telling him I made a pass , say I tried to date you and that you agreed so you could prove to him what a louse I really am .
I almost ran over the snake before I could stop the tractor in time .
` Thank you , " snorted Clare in as ungrateful a manner as she could manage , swept her copy contemptuously off the desk , and stalked out of the room with a moderately successful attempt at dignity . 
Her heart was grieved for a state which seemed but the more pitiable from this sort of irritation of spirits , inconsistency of action , and inequality of powers ; and it mortified her that she was given so little credit for proper feeling , or esteemed so little worthy as a friend : but she had the consolation of knowing that her intentions were good , and of being able to say to herself , that could Mr . Knightley have been privy to all her attempts of assisting Jane Fairfax , could he even have seen into her heart , he would not , on this occasion , have found any thing to reprove .
Her father was growing nervous , and could not understand _her_ .
So in the early 1920s some people conjectured that it may be possible that helium -- element number two in the periodic table of the elements -- could be built from two hydrogen atoms . 
Even on my return through the ward , past ulcer and oedema , past sleepwalker and sleeptalker , I could feel the hungry suck of it on the soles of my black boots . 
How could she find this scene so enchanting after her years on the golden beaches of California ? 
Outside Athelstan could hear him shouting orders , the sound of running feet and the clash of arms . 
By design , the actual reversal event was not easy to determine , since ‘ money ' could be won or lost on both stimuli , but a choice of the rewarding stimulus would in general give larger rewards and smaller punishments .
My descent could be protected by a safety rope . 
But as time went on he realised he could not convey how the style had evolved without understanding the techniques at first hand . 
And the worst part was that she could n't talk to Elinor about it . 
To her voluntary communications Emma could get no more approving reply , than ,
The invisible powers of nature were analogous to the visible powers of the magnet , which could act at a distance and penetrate matter with its rays .
This is a problem which a " legal right of reply " -- requiring a correction without compensation -- could resolve more effectively .
He told her in no uncertain terms that his father , the Duke of Edinburgh had agreed that if , after five years , his marriage was not working he could go back to his bachelor habits . 
I was huddled under a bush and it started to snow -- I could have got frostbite but that did n't bother the gaffer . 
Alternatively , you could partition off part of a large bedroom to create a small en suite bathroom or shower room . 
I wish that the producer of the series , Haggai Pinsker , could slow down his own breathless strike rate of stills , archive film , quickie interviews and manic music . 
" They are blended ," said he , " I acknowledge ; and , were she prosperous , I could allow much for the occasional prevalence of the ridiculous over the good .
He could feel a pulse pounding against the bandages .
Tony , 22 , died in Airedale General Hospital near Keighley , West Yorkshire , on Wednesday night after the High Court ruled his life support systems could be switched off . 
Elinor would not oppose his opinion , because , whatever might be her general estimation of the advantage of a public school , she could not think of Edward ' s abode in Mr . Pratt ' s family , with any satisfaction .
At this moment , all he could think of was what he'd been forced to undergo .
" He and I should differ very little in our estimation of the two ," interrupted she , with a sort of serious smile --" much less , perhaps , than he is aware of , if we could enter without ceremony or reserve on the subject ."
But a shortage of drone aircraft could limit the effectiveness of the thousands of additional troops being sent as part of the Obama administration 's new focus on Afghanistan , officials say .
It could certainly be argued that those values and attitudes -- fairness , change without violence , deference for order -- marked the discussions both preceding and following the 1944 Act . 
In the end , the best the miners ' union could achieve was redundancy payments averaging around $2,480 . 
The question for the House of Lords was whether an employer who was under no statutory duty could be vicariously liable for an employee 's breach of statutory duty to another employee . 
" Yes ," said Harriet earnestly , " and well she might , nobody could ever have a better .
He would have had a wife of whose temper he could make no complaint , but he would have been always necessitous -- always poor ; and probably would soon have learned to rank the innumerable comforts of a clear estate and good income as of far more importance , even to domestic happiness , than the mere temper of a wife ."
` I could n't understand why you never showed yourself when you were interrogating me . 
Emma could look perfectly unconscious and innocent , and answer in a manner that appropriated nothing .
Restless and dissatisfied every where , her sister could never obtain her opinion of any article of purchase , however it might equally concern them both : she received no pleasure from anything ; was only impatient to be at home again , and could with difficulty govern her vexation at the tediousness of Mrs . Palmer , whose eye was caught by every thing pretty , expensive , or new ; who was wild to buy all , could determine on none , and dawdled away her time in rapture and indecision .
If he violates the tough conditions , including random drugs tests , he could end up doing three years in a State prison . 
He told her that he had been impatient to leave the dining - room -- hated sitting long -- was always the first to move when he could -- that his father , Mr . Knightley , Mr . Cox , and Mr . Cole , were left very busy over parish business -- that as long as he had staid , however , it had been pleasant enough , as he had found them in general a set of gentlemanlike , sensible men ; and spoke so handsomely of Highbury altogether -- thought it so abundant in agreeable families -- that Emma began to feel she had been used to despise the place rather too much .
And I must say this : that you owe no particular gratitude to him , nor attention to his wishes ; for we very well know that if he could , he would have left almost everything in the world to THEM ."
Louis wept openly and could not be comforted . 
The music seemed to be near the spot where the children were standing , and they looked round to see whence it could come .
FBI agents did create records of interviews and other investigative efforts , but there were no reports officers to condense the information into meaningful intelligence that could be retrieved and disseminated .
He merely meant to persuade her to give up the engagement ; and as there could be nothing to overcome but the affection of both , he naturally expected that one or two interviews would settle the matter .
She was quick and accurate , and she got as many translations as she could handle from a French literary agent in Motcomb Street so she could juggle her working hours to suit her private life .
The provision should be construed liberally in favour of the rent payer since the deduction was mandatory and he could be assessed on the tax with interest and penalties if the deduction was not made .
EVEN the most glittering royal occasion could not mask the frostiness between the Prince and Princess of Wales when they attended a dazzling presidential banquet in South Korea today . 
It is anticipated that the systems could be useful for a variety of applications including fleet management , customer credit control , plant loading , targeting direct mail campaigns , fraud detection , retail and materials analysis . 
and as she could not even wish him successful , she heartily wished him indifferent .
With all the force which rage could inspire , Archer struggled and roared to " HIS ARCHERS !"
33 : 23 Thy tacklings are loosed ; they could not well strengthen their mast , they could not spread the sail : then is the prey of a great spoil divided ; the lame take the prey .
When one day nobody could rouse him from his trailer , it was Lee Marvin who entered quietly and found a sombre , lonely , sad man . 
She could not wait to look at her garden .
He could not go through the fields .
In the light of such a polemic stand , it begs the question whether the revelation of how crime figures are manipulated by the police to sustain institutional beliefs ( see Chapter 5 ) could be said to undermine democracy or be classified as sedition . 
She could not have known that messing around with the president meant losing the likelihood of economic independence when the day comes , as one hopes it will , when she finally achieves the emotional maturity to take care of herself .
No one had ever come within the Kellynch circle , who could bear a comparison with Frederick Wentworth , as he stood in her memory .
Tiger , tiger , burning bright In the forest of the night , What immortal hand or eye Could Frame thy fearful symmetry ?
Here Mr . Oakly was interrupted by the entrance of some strangers , and he did finish making his request -- Mr . Oakly was not , as he said of himself , apt to ask favours , and nothing but Grant ' s cordiality could have conquered his prejudices , so far as to tempt him to ask a favour from a Scotchman .
Frame had since 1961 been a dynamic and highly successful liaison officer , and could reasonably have been expected to serve the BDDA for several more years .
4 : 13 For the sins of her prophets , and the iniquities of her priests , that have shed the blood of the just in the midst of her , 4 : 14 They have wandered as blind men in the streets , they have polluted themselves with blood , so that men could not touch their garments .
When he had left , I could never remember whether he had poked them in their middles , laughingly , with a thick index finger or whether he was merely so much the sort of person who did this that one assumed the action , not bothering to look .
This did not mean that married students could not enroll in other `` mixed '' sections , and some of them , largely because of scheduling difficulties , did .
Hiding near the door , I could just see into the kitchen through a small uncurtained window . 
In addition the church might consider placing paid advertisements from time to time , highlighting forthcoming events which could be made especially attractive to the outsider . 
Amaldi astounded his group in October 1934 with his discovery that by slowing down , rather than accelerating , neutrons , he could provoke intense nuclear reactions . 
14 : 6 And they could not answer him again to these things .
She wished she could convince herself that what he 'd said had merely been an idle threat . 
A year or two before , Boulnois had married a beautiful and not unsuccessful actress , to whom he was devoted in his own shy and ponderous style ; and the proximity of the household to Champion ' s had given that flighty celebrity opportunities for behaving in a way that could not but cause painful and rather base excitement .
For a few seconds there was a silence in which one could hear a pin drop , split once by the single hoot of a distant steamer on the Thames .
She looked a trifle dazed and who could blame her , but after a minute or so she was on her feet again and tottering back towards the playground . 
could you not say I was gone to the washerwoman ' s ?"
He could see them as separate human figures ; but he was increasingly surprised by the way in which they moved as one man .
Mrs . Pomfret , however , though sometimes blinded by her prejudices , was no fool ; and it was absolutely impossible to make her believe that a candle , which had been left on the hearth , where Corkscrew protested he had left it , could have set curtains on fire which were at least six feet distant .
I could not endure the sight ; could not possibly fly his howlings ; all comfort , sleep itself , inestimable reason would leave me on the long intolerable voyage .
` Hey , " shouted Penny , but before she could protest further man and monkey had scampered away into the crowd . 
8 : 5 And king Solomon , and all the congregation of Israel , that were assembled unto him , were with him before the ark , sacrificing sheep and oxen , that could not be told nor numbered for multitude .
said Alice , swallowing down her anger as well as she could .
American Airlines vice-president Hans Mirka said the route had lost ten million dollars so far and this could no longer be sustained . 
We had to sit outside , we could n't speak . 
Emma could say no more .
` To the death and beyond , " rejoined Taliesin , although Fribble later pointed out , how could anyone fight beyond death ? 
I could not bring it into play ; it was overwhelmed , buried , lost in those earlier feelings which I had been smarting under year after year .
We could all have rivers brimming with salmon if you wish . 
He could n't distress her with his own , raw , terrible dilemma . 
While you considered me as having sinned against Emma Woodhouse , I could deserve nothing from either .
The bill would increase from $5,000,000 to $15,000,000 the maximum loan the state could make to a local water project .
Linda Evans felt more wretched than she had ever dreamed Bobbie's death could move her to feeling .
I could , he thought , take a long walk -- but where ? ?
Time and again he had asked her to cook them for his supper , when she could at least bake them in a hot oven .
But few sportsmen or coaches could be more explicit on this point than Haringey 's sprinter John Skeets : ` It 's part of our make-up , physically and mentally . " 
It seems very unjust that D should have been required to pay Mrs. Bennett 's debt ; but note that he could probably have recovered the money from her as money paid to her use . 
COULD schizophrenia be an infectious disease , transmitted between genetically susceptible people and occurring in seasonal ` epidemics " ? 
Small calutrons could be used in the development of larger models ; Iraq had a one - milliamp calutron for both testing and modelling purposes , according to an IAEA inspection report .
These two , Heritage and Drexel , chose too not to produce the exactly matching design for every piece , but a collection of correlated designs , each of which could stand alone .
To these questions they would answer , that he was getting better and better , and was expected aboard every day ; meantime , the two captains , Peleg and Bildad , could attend to everything necessary to fit the vessel for the voyage .
A low-flying German plane could hop over a hangar and massacre a squad with one sudden burst . 
I put a lot more trust in my two legs than in the gun , because the most important thing I had learned about war was that you could run away and survive to talk about it .
It was much easier to chat than to study ; much pleasanter to let her imagination range and work at Harriet ' s fortune , than to be labouring to enlarge her comprehension or exercise it on sober facts ; and the only literary pursuit which engaged Harriet at present , the only mental provision she was making for the evening of life , was the collecting and transcribing all the riddles of every sort that she could meet with , into a thin quarto of hot - pressed paper , made up by her friend , and ornamented with ciphers and trophies .
He agreed to it , but with so quiet a " Yes ," as inclined her almost to doubt his real concurrence ; and yet there must be a very distinct sort of elegance for the fashionable world , if Jane Fairfax could be thought only ordinarily gifted with it .
And so much was said in this way , that Anne thought she could not do better than impart among them the general inclination to which she was privy , and persuaded them all to go to Lyme at once .
Cecilia trembled so that she could not hold it .
We stapled a piece of blue baize around the door and , hey presto , there was a neat little portable platform which we could produce when the time came , looking incredibly efficient . 
It proved technically difficult to test whether these cells fled from acid conditions because they died when exposed to too great a gradient , although they could move about well in extremely acid conditions . 
But on neither count could he expect a very sympathetic hearing in Washington . 
How could you suppose me ignorant ?
If you had to learn every time you could n't spot patterns you 'd never you 'd never be able to play football cos you 'd be you 'd always be a learner would n't you .
When I see a woman in a long , tight , pencil skirt and high heels tottering down the road , I often wonder how fast she could run if chased . 
As long as she was able to work , she was very industrious , and was accounted the best spinner in the parish ; but she overworked herself at last , and fell ill , so that she could not sit to her wheel as she used to do , and was obliged to give it up to her eldest daughter , Mary .
The same shelter could be built into an embankment or below ground level .
The bailiffs say the driver became abusive , and they could n't calm him .
` Looking back on it the plan could n't have been simpler but we must have rehearsed it forty times .
Many garrisons had surrendered quickly because they knew they could rely on Saladin to keep his word to spare their lives .
I did not like the accusation of naïvety , preferring to believe that I was an honest man who found it hard to imagine how other people could live with a guilty conscience . 
Peering over the side you could just see them ( as before you heard them ) wallowing in the sullen , black waters , and turning over on their backs as they scooped out huge globular pieces of the whale of the bigness of a human head .
They could carry goods for local co-operatives and state authorities .
But a system which could be carried in aircraft for use against submarines ( and distinguish periscopes against the water ) had to be small . 
Twelve years later , in Minnesota , the supreme court ruled as a matter of law that anyone who had been hypnotised could not testify in court .
With regard to Charles Hayter , she had delicacy which must be pained by any lightness of conduct in a well - meaning young woman , and a heart to sympathize in any of the sufferings it occasioned ; but if Henrietta found herself mistaken in the nature of her feelings , the alternation could not be understood too soon .
Extra money for nurses could mean cutbacks in other parts of the health service , according to a Northern NUPE spokesman .
There could not be a doubt , to her mind there was none , of what would follow her recovery .
I tell you that if that were literally human blood , spilt and shining , you would still be standing here as solid as ever , looking out for some poor harmless tramp whom you could move on .
` I dare say he could be persuaded to convey letters from Ludlow to a certain damsel of my acquaintance . "
He thought about Mabel , and tried to imagine how much longer she could continue to live in this vast and primitive place . 
She could not flatter herself with any idea of blindness in his attachment to _her_ .
And of course you risk yourself still further by positioning yourself under an overhanging edge -- you could finish up at least partially buried if there is a cave-in . 
The Arab Theatre was a barn-like building which on its better days could seat an audience of two hundred .
He could tell the Legislature they had provided the needed funds to carry on the battle .
Angela shrank back before Bully could jump up and mark her Gnome costume with his dirty , wet paws . 
In Ceylon it was discovered that mountain areas could produce fresh vegetables which could be conveyed from local stations to Colombo to provision passing ocean liners .
They could attract one-issue voters by adopting the right-to-life movement 's strongest position , even as pro-choice Republicans knew this mattered little on an issue monopolized by the court .
Most of my friends collapsed thankfully on to their beds , but I slunk down the long flights of stone stairs and took up a position in the foyer where I could watch the front door . 
He had set a pressure lamp on the Land-Rover 's hood before leaving the cabin but he could n't see it through the rain . 
I wanted to help so that we could find time to play .
Knightley .-- Neither would she regret that he should be going to Brunswick Square , for she knew how much his visit would be enjoyed -- but it might have happened at a better time -- and to have had longer notice of it , would have been pleasanter .-- They parted thorough friends , however ; she could not be deceived as to the meaning of his countenance , and his unfinished gallantry ;-- it was all done to assure her that she had fully recovered his good opinion .-- He had been sitting with them half an hour , she found .
Mallachy could tell he 'd been ridiculous from his face , and Rory had confessed immediately . 
It 's pretty lightweight , most of it and what is n't lightweight is salacious , so I would n't think you 'd find much to stimulate you there , but you could try . 
She could not help thinking much of the extraordinary circumstances attending their acquaintance , of the right which he seemed to have to interest her , by everything in situation , by his own sentiments , by his early prepossession .
I could n't stand any more , so I locked myself in my bedroom and in the morning I went to Newhaven and got on the boat . 
He kept repeating to himself the vilest words in the most terrible combinations he could think of ; he shaped obscenities against the world , its flesh and its imaginary creator . 
Nothing short of a brick wall could have abruptly brought him up .
I only stood at the door , and heard what I could .
As a matter of fact you could probably find a new home development in every populated county in the country with three-bedroom ranch style cottages in the $14,000 range .
If you do close then it will pretty conclusively solve my dilemma about whether or not I could have afforded to tap 50 quid out of my grant for a subscription next term .
A policy of investment autarky could well have been very costly in terms of lost economic growth . 
Half the manhours you pay for on most jobs are wasted because the job was not planned right , so the right tools were not handy at the right place at the right time , or the right materials were not delivered to the handiest spots or materials were not stacked in the right order for erection , or you bought cheap materials that took too long to fit , or your workmen had to come back twice to finish a job they could have done on one trip .
But he could fill a flask with coffee . 
The caprice and incompetence of the bureaucracy , the arbitrary administration of justice , the seemingly ubiquitous police could not fail to affront at least some among an élite increasingly conscious of their own dignity .
Even before the abject failure of the People 's Will conspiracy , many radicals were aware that on their own they could not overthrow the existing order . 
It was now some years since Anne had begun to learn that she and her excellent friend could sometimes think differently ; and it did not surprise her , therefore , that Lady Russell should see nothing suspicious or inconsistent , nothing to require more motives than appeared , in Mr Elliot ' s great desire of a reconciliation .
She could describe weather conditions so realistically as to make her audience shiver or sweat , and children would find themselves taking off and putting on a garment in mid-tale . 
How , I asked , could chaos be admitted to chaos ? ?
In no other light could you have been more to me than a common acquaintance .
When he could smell her perfume and hear the soft rustle of her skirt , he closed the door fully and held his breath . 
A refrigerated item could also be heated and served in less time than is required for frozen foods of the same type .
But really , I could almost venture , if Harriet would sit to me .
You could also say that in these pamphlets is a relieving quality of maturity .
Frozen vegetables were , somehow , a lowering of standards , but they were quick and convenient and really fresher than anything one could get in the London shops . 
Then he could tell them to go home , while the administration continued to wage the battle with the $28 million in extra revenues the sales tax measure would bring in over an eight months period .
That you must teach me : but let mee coniure you by the rights of our fellowship , by the consonancy of our youth , by the Obligation of our euer - preserued loue , and by what more deare , a better proposer could charge you withall ; be euen and direct with me , whether you were sent for or no
This , Emma could not doubt , was all for herself .
It could continue this way , hitting 106 and more in the Valley , Joe McFeeley knew , into October .
The children began to clamber on to her , calling for games , demanding she be a lion too this time , begging that they could all be mounted police , even the baby . 
Observing a heated argument among the players over a game of cards , Chapman thought that if they put as much consideration and earnestness into their football , their game could only improve . 
I doubt whether anybody could find him .
Marianne entered the house with a heart swelling with emotion from the consciousness of being only eighty miles from Barton , and not thirty from Combe Magna ; and before she had been five minutes within its walls , while the others were busily helping Charlotte to show her child to the housekeeper , she quitted it again , stealing away through the winding shrubberies , now just beginning to be in beauty , to gain a distant eminence ; where , from its Grecian temple , her eye , wandering over a wide tract of country to the south - east , could fondly rest on the farthest ridge of hills in the horizon , and fancy that from their summits Combe Magna might be seen .
He was determined to torment her in any way he could . 
It 's hard to imagine that West could ever have written a conventional novel with any success .
Before his mother could stop him he clambered onto the bench . 
Perhaps she could have a little porch built over the side door and a bit could be cut off Lizzie 's kitchen to make a small hall . 
Early explorers traded directly with Indians for furs , but the white trappers eventually evicted the native Americans so that they could control the precious resource themselves .
The coffee thermos and cups were fetched , the incense came again but this time it was passed more slowly , so that everyone could enjoy the sweet-smelling smoke to a greater extent . 
None among the choice and prime Of those Heaven - warring champions could be found So hardy as to proffer or accept , Alone , the dreadful voyage ; till , at last , Satan , whom now transcendent glory raised Above his fellows , with monarchal pride Conscious of highest worth , unmoved thus spake :-- " O Progeny of Heaven !
I could never forget the gaiety with which , when he was both blind and deaf , he let me lead him around his rooms to look at some of the pictures ; ;
` But if the EC Council makes further amendments , the proposal could have the deplorable effect of discouraging farmers from farming . 
After the Afghan civilians were mistakenly targeted in early 2009 , the Air Force began installing equipment so drone video analysts could talk directly with drone pilots .
She was a clever young woman , who understood the art of pleasing -- the art of pleasing , at least , at Kellynch Hall ; and who had made herself so acceptable to Miss Elliot , as to have been already staying there more than once , in spite of all that Lady Russell , who thought it a friendship quite out of place , could hint of caution and reserve .
I didn't know a human could feed so fast and still be beautiful .
Many right-wing back-bench critics of the government ( but supporters of Mrs Thatcher ) could voice their criticism without including her and liked to present her as a political prisoner of Cabinet ` Wets " . 
He died before he could completely pay off his debts .
Her spirits wanted the solitude and silence which only numbers could give .
Moreover , nursing various Stubblefields -- her aunt , then her mother , then her father -- through their lengthy illnesses ( everybody could tell you the Stubblefields were always sick ) , Theresa had had a chance to read quite a lot .
Mr . Perry might have reason to regret the alteration , but nobody else could ."
As best as I could determine , we were some 700 miles west of New Guinea , in the Bismark Archipelago .
Before Eloise could comment , Aubrey came into the room . 
Nonetheless , knowledge seeped out ; not least because both the Iran and contra operations , however much compartmented and closely held , were run by a man who could not resist talking about them . 
In fact agglutination of Af cells in saline could be produced by the insoluble material from sera containing `` only '' incomplete antibody activity .
9 : 28 And when he was come into the house , his disciples asked him privately , Why could not we cast him out ?
A thick dark oak forest grew up , and before she could fight her way -through it , Baba Yaga had to tear up each tree with her -teeth .
He judged the line as best he could , crawled forward the last ten yards of West Germany and began to snip quietly at the chain-link fence . 
Both of them knew what damage these Hessian boots and the expensive felt hat could do to those scabbed wooden clogs and the coarse neckerchief . 
Emma watched the entree of her own particular little friend ; and if she could not exult in her dignity and grace , she could not only love the blooming sweetness and the artless manner , but could most heartily rejoice in that light , cheerful , unsentimental disposition which allowed her so many alleviations of pleasure , in the midst of the pangs of disappointed affection .
" Nobody COULD make it out but ME ," replied the gipsy .
On the other hand the December options ( exercise price 550p ) could have been bought for 42p and sold for 115p , a gross profit of 174 per cent . 
Does my right hon. Friend accept that the sort of project to which he just referred is another example of where a national lottery could be of great assistance ? 
The exchange was almost invariable , and Scotty , in his bed , could hear every word of it .
Whenever he said something that nobody but he could understand , I replied with something which I could not even understand myself .
The fear that a helicopter with a foreign crew could be shot down is probably one reason why NATO , which says it has no troops on the ground , took so long to decide to deploy them .
Marianne was surprised and confused , yet she could not help smiling at the quiet archness of his manner , and after a moment ' s silence , said ,
`` Do you think he could be having an affair '' ? ?
I wish I could get this string off -- I must cut it ."
There could be no doubt that it had a VERY turn - up nose , much more like a snout than a real nose ; also its eyes were getting extremely small for a baby : altogether Alice did not like the look of the thing at all .
Are there other , cheaper communications techniques that could be substituted ? ?
For some girls , especially those coming from a single-sex school , a boyfriend who was interested in engineering could provide them with crucial information and encouragement unavailable from any other source : 
He could say no more , and rising hastily walked for a few minutes about the room .
I would be grateful if you could convey these views to the committee which is considering the legislation . 
Volunteers could use chat rooms and bulletin boards to announce discoveries and debate future research directions .
Bach also found that certain homoeopathic remedies could change the bacterial flora of patients although no conventional drugs or dietary regimes had produced any significant change . 
You could even cover a cone with macramé for a really exciting special flower holder . 
Environmentalists claim the highly saline water discharged from desalination plants could harm marine life . 
Certainly , no present authority could be justified by appeal to any such explicit consent .
Those whose fate was to die on some far foreign field could not have wanted a more peaceful , lovely graveyard .
He would baffle and intrigue her , just as he had done Cassie on their first meeting ; and Cassie could think of no way in which she could explain him away . 
Why had not Miss Woodhouse revived the former good old days of the room ?-- She who could do any thing in Highbury !
Stop it , I shouted , but the lumbering and mighty tractor roared on , above anything I could say .
I 'm convinced most experienced natros could handle it , no problem . 
This technique was compatible with a more open-ended view of natural relationships , although most naturalists were as yet unwilling to concede that life could have developed solely in response to adaptive pressures . 
Through this hole I could see into the room next to the hut . 
Well , small girls were proud when they had a sixteen-year-old brother who could flabbergast posh girls like this one . 
How nice he could be , she thought , as she saw his manner with the children warm , yet not in the least condescending with too much bonhomie . 
Such joint relationships could occur between spouses of very different backgrounds . 
Mrs . Jennings left them earlier than usual ; for she could not be easy till the Middletons and Palmers were able to grieve as much as herself ; and positively refusing Elinor ' s offered attendance , went out alone for the rest of the morning .
` This time round , " snorts Paul protectively , ` the press could n't even get the name of the studio right . 
Only the very perceptive and those with clear information and a wide perspective over events could fully grasp the interrelationship of these developments .
It is doubtful that any other army could have coped without resorting to massive retaliations . 
Now that he was secure he could begin to take action .
The girls were now hunting for the Laconia ; and Captain Wentworth could not deny himself the pleasure of taking the precious volume into his own hands to save them the trouble , and once more read aloud the little statement of her name and rate , and present non - commissioned class , observing over it that she too had been one of the best friends man ever had .
JUST supposing Tory Nick Jopling fails to upturn Tony Blair 's 13,000 majority in Sedgefield ( ` of course I will " he says ) could his father be keeping a safe seat warm ?
A sense of self-preservation cautioned her not to stick around , and before he could react she sprinted up to the house , feeling strangely exhilarated for the first time since she had left England . 
They say repairs could cost between £20,000 and £60,000 if it had to be rebuilt . 
They knew what they could do and it was often a little more than I thought they could do .
He could easily have commuted , but liked the ambiguity of living in two places . 
Without shutting herself up from her family , or leaving the house in determined solitude to avoid them , or lying awake the whole night to indulge meditation , Elinor found every day afforded her leisure enough to think of Edward , and of Edward ' s behaviour , in every possible variety which the different state of her spirits at different times could produce ,-- with tenderness , pity , approbation , censure , and doubt .
and which , more often than all these , conveys a welter of feelings which could in no way be conveyed by any number of words , words which are so unlike this welter in being formed and discrete from one another .
I did not thinke you could haue bin so angry
I could see them in my sights .
The contingent is almost the smallest possible force Britain could meaningfully provide to a major UN force , but Mr Rifkind said it was nevertheless an important contribution .
It came amid a crisis sparked by fears that the ERM could be destroyed if the French vote No in their referendum . 
We may conclude that all six points of information , ostensibly given by the dream priest , could have been furnished by Dr. Hilprecht's subconscious reasoning .
" So many clever riddles as there used to be when he was young -- he wondered he could not remember them !
They allotted $500,000 three years ago to support Interama until its own financing could be arranged .
He could only fancy , as in some old - world fable , that if a man went westward to the end of the world he would find something -- say a tree -- that was more or less than a tree , a tree possessed by a spirit ; and that if he went east to the end of the world he would find something else that was not wholly itself -- a tower , perhaps , of which the very shape was wicked .
Talking to Bryan Robson this week , the skipper was full of optimism , saying how well United are starting to play , and Cantona could turn that trickle of confidence into a tide . 
Oakly , when he had once resolved to dislike his neighbour Grant , could not long remain without finding out fresh causes of complaint .
Spicy meat balls with puntalette were tasty but they looked rather lifeless and microwaved ; the sauce could have been a lot more lively . 
The near-vertical deposit has been drilled to 300 m depth and could be worked in an open pit . 
He listened with all due deference ; acknowledged that he had heard many people say the same -- but yet he must confess , that to him nothing could make amends for the want of the fine glow of health .
Once it seemed that the nonsensical blather of a song like America 's `` Horse With No Name '' ( with the immortal lines `` The heat was hot '' and `` In the desert/ You ca n't remember your name/ 'Cause there ai n't no one/ For to give you no pain '' ) could never be challenged by any rival in any other art form .
Had she left her where she ought , and where he had told her she ought !-- Had she not , with a folly which no tongue could express , prevented her marrying the unexceptionable young man who would have made her happy and respectable in the line of life to which she ought to belong -- all would have been safe ; none of this dreadful sequel would have been .
She was lying on her bed and , the moment I entered the room , I could see that something was wrong . 
One frustrated delegate , the leading French politician , Paul Reynard , could assert in exasperation that ` the Council of Europe consists of two bodies , one of them for Europe , the other against it " . 
They both felt at the same moment all the breadth and blossoming beauty of that paradise , the coloured trees , the natural and restful nooks and also the great wall of stone -- more awful than the wall of China -- from which no flesh could flee .
Without exchange controls , goes the standard retort , commercial customers could easily dodge such controls by borrowing from abroad . 
I was just beginning to get to grips with the Campaign for Ink Print Information , but Women 's Tapeover could not keep up with the steady stream of new feminist writing that was emerging week by week . 
Oh , I could forgive you everything , you that rule all mankind , if I could feel for once that you had suffered for one hour a real agony such as I --"
Here too the blaze , the grape - shot and the axe , in reserve , to fetch them out in case of need , Here too , though long represt , can never be destroy ' d , Here too could rise at last murdering and ecstatic , Here too demanding full arrears of vengeance .
Oh , she had the children , and she treasured every moment with them , but she was unfulfilled , possessed of a deep longing which she could not understand .
Not unfrequently , through Emma ' s persuasion , he had some of the chosen and the best to dine with him : but evening parties were what he preferred ; and , unless he fancied himself at any time unequal to company , there was scarcely an evening in the week in which Emma could not make up a card - table for him .
8 : 19 Then came to him his mother and his brethren , and could not come at him for the press .
`` I could scratch her eyes out '' , Eileen cried and stamped her foot when I came back from the phone booth .
I answered it within an hour ; but from the confusion of my mind , and the multiplicity of business falling on me at once , my answer , instead of being sent with all the many other letters of that day , was locked up in my writing - desk ; and I , trusting that I had written enough , though but a few lines , to satisfy her , remained without any uneasiness .-- I was rather disappointed that I did not hear from her again speedily ; but I made excuses for her , and was too busy , and -- may I add ?-- too cheerful in my views to be captious .-- We removed to Windsor ; and two days afterwards I received a parcel from her , my own letters all returned !-- and a few lines at the same time by the post , stating her extreme surprize at not having had the smallest reply to her last ; and adding , that as silence on such a point could not be misconstrued , and as it must be equally desirable to both to have every subordinate arrangement concluded as soon as possible , she now sent me , by a safe conveyance , all my letters , and requested , that if I could not directly command hers , so as to send them to Highbury within a week , I would forward them after that period to her at --: in short , the full direction to Mr . Smallridge ' s , near Bristol , stared me in the face .
He predicted there would be no shortage of volunteers , who could acquire the necessary skills on short courses . 
The war could have continued many years with many thousands killed on both sides .
We could indeed extend our theme of symbiosis , to suggest that modern life at its most fundamental is a co-operation between organic , carbon-based compounds , and water .
Even still , I did feel self-indulgent , and I could n't help remembering my father 's contempt for a rich medical colleague who would go to watch the Tigers on summer afternoons .
Ruth tried not to show her terror when the timbers creaked and moaned like tormented spirits and she could hear the waves breaking on the deck above them . 
It was astonishing that he knew he could do it . 
That is to say , a system could not be cognisant unless it appreciated how intentional changes in its perceptions were constrained by reality .
But Marianne , who saw his agitation , and could easily trace it to whatever cause best pleased herself , was perfectly satisfied , and soon talked of something else .
Whereas , in the days of the old Canadian and Indian hunters and trappers of the West , when the far west ( in whose sunset suns still rise ) was a wilderness and a virgin , the same number of moccasined men , for the same number of months , mounted on horse instead of sailing in ships , would have slain not forty , but forty thousand and more buffaloes ; a fact that , if need were , could be statistically stated .
To lose the possibility of speaking two words to Captain Wentworth in the course of her quiet , solitary progress up the town ( and she felt almost certain of meeting him ) could not be borne .
A north-facing or chilly outlook , unpleasing view , proximity to noisy traffic , or even an awkward access , for example , could all easily make your home seem less attractive to a future purchaser . 
30 : 21 And David came to the two hundred men , which were so faint that they could not follow David , whom they had made also to abide at the brook Besor : and they went forth to meet David , and to meet the people that were with him : and when David came near to the people , he saluted them .
Although Freud , so far as I know , did not discuss Spoonerisms on his classic analysis of slips-of-the-tongue , his theories as to the psychoanalytic implications of transposed sounds , such as those attributed to Rev . Spooner , could have been usefully added to Learn To Spike Lunars [ XVIII , 4 ] by Robert Archibald Ford .
She could not distinguish , but she must guess the subject ; and on Captain Wentworth ' s making a distant bow , she comprehended that her father had judged so well as to give him that simple acknowledgement of acquaintance , and she was just in time by a side glance to see a slight curtsey from Elizabeth herself .
Her approbation , at once general and minute , warm and incessant , could not but please ; and for another half - hour they were all walking to and fro , between the different rooms , some suggesting , some attending , and all in happy enjoyment of the future .
Birkeland commented that it was not useful to blame poor populations for exploiting the few resources that they had , when fishing or mining reefs could earn them millions of dollars . 
Mr . Weston had been so very earnest in his entreaties for her arriving there as soon as possible after themselves , for the purpose of taking her opinion as to the propriety and comfort of the rooms before any other persons came , that she could not refuse him , and must therefore spend some quiet interval in the young man ' s company .
Marianne , not contented with absolutely refusing to go herself , was very urgent to prevent her sister ' s going at all ; and Mrs . Jennings , though her carriage was always at Elinor ' s service , so very much disliked Mrs . John Dashwood , that not even her curiosity to see how she looked after the late discovery , nor her strong desire to affront her by taking Edward ' s part , could overcome her unwillingness to be in her company again .
I could have no other pleasure .
Section 6(1) or 7(3A) of the UCTA could have no application in this situation .
Watch makers were forced at one time to accept either bread tickets or else take payment in cheap watches which they could sell only at a loss .
That glad , happy air , that winsome sky , did at last stroke and caress him ; the step - mother world , so long cruel -- forbidding -- now threw affectionate arms round his stubborn neck , and did seem to joyously sob over him , as if over one , that however wilful and erring , she could yet find it in her heart to save and to bless .
Could n't it have been to escape from having to realize that she 'd killed her lover ? 
Miss Honey was walking slowly so that the small child could keep up with her without trotting too fast , and it was very peaceful out there on the narrow road now that the village was behind them . 
He heard two men arguing , but with water lapping in his ears he could n't make out the words . 
They could tell from his footprints in the snow that he had been trying to find a fold , which is what we call a stone shelter built for gathering sheep . 
If the man had run for it , he could still have reached the castle , but , instead , he sat still and shouted for a horse .
He could hear the footsteps overhead .
Mrs . Jennings repeated her assurance that Mrs . Dashwood could spare them perfectly well ; and Elinor , who now understood her sister , and saw to what indifference to almost every thing else she was carried by her eagerness to be with Willoughby again , made no farther direct opposition to the plan , and merely referred it to her mother ' s decision , from whom however she scarcely expected to receive any support in her endeavour to prevent a visit , which she could not approve of for Marianne , and which on her own account she had particular reasons to avoid .
Additionally , workers and pensioners could exchange notes above the maximum amounts provided that they completed an application form and could prove to special commissions that the money had been acquired legally . 
With what delight could I have walked thee round , If I could joy in aught , sweet interchange Of hill , and valley , rivers , woods , and plains , Now land , now sea and shores with forest crowned , Rocks , dens , and caves !
If BW approval can be arranged , I would be grateful if this could be communicated to David Oldham of the Green Belt Trust , so that he can arrange the funding .
If she did , he could stand it better in the light .
Seeing , now , that there were no curtains to the window , and that the street being very narrow , the house opposite commanded a plain view into the room , and observing more and more the indecorous figure that Queequeg made , staving about with little else but his hat and boots on ; I begged him as well as I could , to accelerate his toilet somewhat , and particularly to get into his pantaloons as soon as possible .
He had only to snap the thread of a rash vow made to a villainous society , and all his life could be as open and sunny as the square beneath him .
Privately Emily thought Mr Frogmore could n't be of great means if he was lodging at Mrs Marsh 's house in Oystermouth .
Lawrence fell on his knees , and in a voice that could scarcely be heard made a full confession of all the circumstances of his guilt .
O it offends mee to the Soule , to see a robustious Pery - wig - pated Fellow , teare a Passion to tatters , to verie ragges , to split the eares of the Groundlings : who ( for the most part ) are capeable of nothing , but inexplicable dumbe shewes , & noise : I could haue such a Fellow whipt for o ' re - doing Termagant : it outHerod ' s Herod .
Pohl could receive from 1 to 15 years in prison or probation .
my love , I could not then talk of hope to him or to myself .
It could n't sell its South American routes , one of the major assets marked for disposal .
After they had been searching and moving on quietly for some time , they reached a place from which they could see that the field below them broadened out . 
If only she could have waved a magic wand to turn the fat girl into a raving beauty . 
The computer itself could only be activated by an access code known solely to Bailey .
One work may be despondent and melancholy , whilst the other could be uplifting and joyous . 
Even in wellingtons , he could move as lightly as a squirrel . 
Elinor set him right as to its situation ; and it seemed rather surprising to him that anybody could live in Devonshire , without living near Dawlish .
Caes I could be well mou ' d , if I were as you , If I could pray to mooue , Prayers would mooue me : But I am constant as the Northerne Starre , Of whose true fixt , and resting quality , There is no fellow in the Firmament .
She ate what she could and went out along the covered passageway , with the rain dripping from the vines .
9 : 6 And there were certain men , who were defiled by the dead body of a man , that they could not keep the passover on that day : and they came before Moses and before Aaron on that day : 9 : 7 And those men said unto him , We are defiled by the dead body of a man : wherefore are we kept back , that we may not offer an offering of the LORD in his appointed season among the children of Israel ?
When it became obvious that he could stay inside no longer , taking a thousand to one chance Gonzales rushed outside , square against the muzzle of a Winchester .
One could n't look for a stronger and more candid refutation of Assemblyman Keene 's view that doctors think the law is relevant . 
John Salvador , a farmer from Palm Desert , Calif. , was sitting up front and could see through the door as the trio entered the cockpit .
" Here is a lad scarcely fifteen , a poor gardener ' s son , who , with merely the instructions he could obtain from a common carpenter , has learned to draw these plans and elevations , which you see are tolerably neat .
It could be that you are a very sociable , competitive sort . 
The psalmist could say that God was his light even though he could only anticipate the coming of Christ .
For all he knew the decoration could have been left there years ago , when Alice used to see the foresters in their peculiar finery . 
Banks are often reluctant to admit being stung , but the company involved could be committing a crime itself , according to one police expert .
Mrs Goreng did n't want Sonny wasting his time on that nonsense ; she knew it was a pile of meaningless shit , though she could n't actually say so . 
Day and night Martin could not drag his mind from the dilemma he had made for himself .
Considering Maurice's wife was an exceptionally plain woman, there were a good many ripostes Charlie could have made , ripostes which might have been transparently insulting. 
Though it 's true that you live a life of quiet desperation , with the right shabby clothes and scruffy beard , it could get you all the chicks .
It could be argued , in fact , that being indifferent to the consequences of one's actions indicates a high degree of contempt for ( other ) people . 
Absence might have weakened his regard , and convenience might have determined him to overcome it , but that such a regard had formerly existed she could not bring herself to doubt .
There could be no doubt .
He could n't comprehend what he was seeing . 
All I could see , that I now remember , was this fellow in blue overalls wandering down the street outside , drinking a can of Coca Cola . 
Three wide arches support the slab front and back ; I could easily scramble through . 
If she did n't move suddenly , nobody could spot anything unusual . 
The prospect was unlimited , but exceedingly monotonous and forbidding ; not the slightest variety that I could see .
Since the advent of Felicity , she had gone up to sleep in the attic -- an arrangement she preferred , as she had absolute privacy up there , and as luck would have it , there was an electric fire , so that she could use it as a study . 
He paused -- and growing cooler in a moment , added , with only sarcastic dryness , " If Mr . Perry can tell me how to convey a wife and five children a distance of an hundred and thirty miles with no greater expense or inconvenience than a distance of forty , I should be as willing to prefer Cromer to South End as he could himself ."
With a confidence in Mr Elliot ' s regard , more creditable to his feelings than his judgement , Mr Smith had appointed him the executor of his will ; but Mr Elliot would not act , and the difficulties and distress which this refusal had heaped on her , in addition to the inevitable sufferings of her situation , had been such as could not be related without anguish of spirit , or listened to without corresponding indignation .
They had to journey from Heathrow to Edinburgh by overnight coach and check out of their Edinburgh hotel two hours before the kick-off because they could not afford to remain there after the match . 
` We came across some people from Papua New Guinea who were selling handicrafts and were confronted with a boatload of western tourists -- all convinced they could buy for a knock-down rate . 
I reckoned that the marriage could have worked if Diana was 30 and Charles 43 . 
They pressed on to Francisco ' s board , obtained his measure , found that it held something more than a quarter above the quantity that could be contained in Piedro ' s .
Solar activities could presumably bring long periods of flood or drought .
" We should not like her so well as we do , sir , if we could suppose it ; but she knows how much the marriage is to Miss Taylor ' s advantage ; she knows how very acceptable it must be , at Miss Taylor ' s time of life , to be settled in a home of her own , and how important to her to be secure of a comfortable provision , and therefore cannot allow herself to feel so much pain as pleasure .
Will 's maturity simply arrives one day , like a piece of mail : `` Will could n't recall ever having been caught up in this sort of messy , sprawling , chaotic web before ; it was almost as if he had been given a glimpse of what it was like to be human .
The trouble was , we could believe in the Continent being overrun again , but we could n't face up to it happening here .
The adverse consequences to the health of men in their seventh , eighth , and ninth decades could thus be considerable and might well counterbalance the small benefit of screening in terms of reduced deaths . 
could piece , as it were , the jumbled mass together into an organized whole and then recognize it as a man or a triangle or whatever it turned out to be .
But whether he went across the seas or not he could not pass off his own deeds under Robert 's name . 
CONGLOMERATE Williams Holdings increased profits by £50m , but still insisted it could see “ no evidence of significant economic improvement ” . 
Nicholson remained slightly ahead of his group so that they could never quite see the expression of disdain of his face . 
When sentence had been passed he glanced at her and was sure he could see the trace of a smile on her lips . 
There is a well-known relationship between probability and entropy which states that Af , where **zq is the probability that state ( i.e. , volume for an ideal gas ) could be reached by chance alone .
If notched for the battens , they would require more work , be weakened and limber holes would have to be bored so that bilge water could flow through .
A generation ago in the South , blacks could not even go to white lavatories or be buried in white cemeteries -- let alone compete for good jobs or live in white suburbs .
We could see on limestone crags the sooty marks left by Tom in his desperate bid to escape . 
Corkscrew kept the key of the house door , so that he could return home whenever he thought proper ; and , if he should by accident be called for by his mistress after supper , Felix knew where to find him , and did not scruple to make any of those excuses which poor Franklin had too much integrity to use .
When the automobile was in its embryonic stage , such roads as existed were pretty much open roads with the tacit understanding that horses should not be unduly terrified being about the only rule governing where , when and how fast a car could go .
Do you realise that by simply replying to this letter , you could be giving yourself a tax free lump sum of up to £100,000 . 
He could not leave the road because of the water-filled drainage ditch .
It was a relief not to have to soothe and propitiate an experienced detective who could hardly be expected to welcome a commander from the new C1 squad intruding on his patch . 
Out of the corner of his eye he could see the white youth had draped one leg over a plastic seat arm and was reclining , his gaze never leaving Magee . 
After losing by fewer than 1,800 votes in the 1981 governor 's race , he has prepared himself methodically for this moment , including deciding in recent years he could no longer support curbs on federal funding for Medicaid abortions .
` But I deplore the thought that very large chunks of public expenditure could be devoted to people who are no more dependent on farming for their livings than you or me . " 
Yet when the dear baby came , he had Tillie over here in a jiffy , and was as attentive and sweet and worried and happy when it was all over as any husband could have been .
It was clear that funds were being embezzled but who could be doing it ? 
Harriet did think him all perfection , and maintained the non - existence of any body equal to him in person or goodness -- and did , in truth , prove herself more resolutely in love than Emma had foreseen ; but yet it appeared to her so natural , so inevitable to strive against an inclination of that sort _unrequited_ , that she could not comprehend its continuing very long in equal force .
Not enough severe , It seems , in thy restraint : What could I more I warned thee , I admonished thee , foretold The danger , and the lurking enemy That lay in wait ; beyond this , had been force ; And force upon free will hath here no place .
Krist , I wish they could write ! !
It was to take some time before a distinct and overall Sussex people could be forged by the strength of the rulers .
Sometimes she could believe Willoughby to be as unfortunate and as innocent as herself , and at others , lost every consolation in the impossibility of acquitting him .
And , on looking into the lambency of his hooded eyes , I could detect no whiting-out , no glaucoma or cataract . 
Inside , the space opened into a wide , square chamber mirrored and so dark that it could have been any size .
He was standing by himself at a printshop window , with his hands behind him , in earnest contemplation of some print , and she not only might have passed him unseen , but was obliged to touch as well as address him before she could catch his notice .
22 : 11 And when I could not see for the glory of that light , being led by the hand of them that were with me , I came into Damascus .
She could n't possibly keep a gigantic secret like that bottled up inside her .
The same tradition led them to erect a pavilion as reminiscent of Lord 's as they could manage handicapped by French workmen . 
It would have surprised Anne if Louisa could have readily answered such a speech : words of such interest , spoken with such serious warmth !
Above all , it seems implausible that the proposed solution to such severe difficulties could involve so little pain .
It was not like anything else that he could think of ; the three things nearest to it seemed to be the noise made by siphons of soda - water , one of the many noises made by an animal , and the noise made by a person attempting to conceal laughter .
But though so much of the matter was known to them already , that Mrs . Jennings might have had enough to do in spreading that knowledge farther , without seeking after more , she had resolved from the first to pay a visit of comfort and inquiry to her cousins as soon as she could ; and nothing but the hindrance of more visitors than usual , had prevented her going to them within that time .
From there , we could see the queen on her terrace 
Lady Russell ' s had no success at all : could not be put up with , were not to be borne .
Before either could make sufficient sense of it even to answer , Father Brown had politely excused himself and gone stumping up the road with his stumpy old umbrella .
As we filmed the elephants in Amboseli National Park , East Africa , the animals sometimes wandered so close to us that we could hear their trunks ripping the grass and their stomachs churning . 
cried her two little brothers , running , leaping , and bounding up to her ; and many of the other rosy girls and boys crowded round her , to talk of their plays ; for Susan was easily interested in all that made others happy ; but she could not make them comprehend , that , if they all spoke at once it was not possible that she could hear what was said .
`` What else could I do ? ?
In all his miscalculations , Stravinsky made the fatal historical blunder of presuming that he could transform other composers' inspirations -- representing many peoples , time periods and styles -- into his own music by warping the harmony , melody , or form , to verify his own experiments .
Heidenstam could never be satisfied by surface .
The deception could not continue after this ; and an explanation immediately took place , by which both gained considerable amusement for the moment , without any material loss of happiness to either , for Mrs . Jennings only exchanged one form of delight for another , and still without forfeiting her expectation of the first .
With as much dignity as she could muster , she stalked past him into the bathroom . 
But some bond market analysts said that could quickly change if property casualty insurance companies scramble to sell portions of their municipal portfolios to raise cash to pay damage claims .
I should not have supposed that you could have found anything in Lyme to inspire such a feeling .
How could he answer it to himself to rob his child , and his only child too , of so large a sum ?
We were by now seated in the Happy Diner , and I was still rather amazed that I could face a bacon sandwich .
No matter what troubles might betide him , this most American of artists knew in his heart he could not function properly outside his native land .
Guards were either abruptly mistrustful or effusively friendly when they discovered that you could speak their language . 
Asik simply wished he could live closer to the village but he knew there was no way his grandparents would survive the move , so he trundled on and tried dearly not to think about it . 
no -- I never conceived you could become indifferent .
It was before tea -- stay -- no , it could not be before tea , because we were just going to cards -- and yet it was before tea , because I remember thinking -- Oh !
Little could be done to counteract the John Osborne criticisms , for they abominated the very idea of monarchy . 
Ace could sense a sudden chilliness in Legion 's manner . 
He could n't weigh every word before he uttered it , yet spontaneity was dangerous .
He was downright worried about her , but there was one more thing he could try .
I am my selfe indifferent honest , but yet I could accuse me of such things , that it were better my Mother had not borne me .
It was the very circumstance he could have wished for .
" Myself have agreed to try whether I can master and kill this Sperma - ceti whale , for I could never hear of any of that sort that was killed by any man , such is his fierceness and swiftness ."
I never could see anything wrong about prize - fights .
The answers you seek are all buried in your past -- if you could only remember precisely what went on when you were younger and you 'd have no problems . 
And before Mala could lash at him again , he explained , and terrified me right down to my boots . 
Though commercial aircraft are not flying in Libya now , Bouckaert said the missiles could fall into the hands of terrorists intent on shooting down airliners .
She never asked if she could help in the kitchen since she knew Alice would be irritated by an offer which she knew to be impractical and insincere . 
It was carried out , with extraordinary thoroughness and severity , by very well - organized officials over a small and familiar area , and , so far as human strength and science can be absolutely certain of anything , Prince Otto was absolutely certain that nobody could introduce so much as a toy pistol into Heiligwaldenstein ."
And besides all this , there was a certain lofty bearing about the Pagan , which even his uncouthness could not altogether maim .
A soak in a hot tub , brimming with scented foam , was about the only thing that could soothe her wounded spirits . 
Alix could not have afforded this solution , and would have thought it cheating had she been able to afford it , although she thoroughly despised herself for these scruples . 
How the long stage would pass ; how it was to affect their manners ; what was to be their sort of intercourse , she could not foresee .
She remained by the body and gave the alarm ; and there was nothing to connect her with the disaster either , since she had not got , and could not have , any firearms .
An Iraq dependent on Iran for survival could undercut any sanctions that the international community places on Iran to prevent its acquisition of nuclear weapons .
That could be further varied by including MPs as a section of the electoral college .
I have never found the sight of a grown man in a false moustache pretending to walk into lamp-posts remotely funny , and even less amusing is the story of a miserly workaholic who could n't keep his hands off under-age girls . 
But what if he our Conqueror ( whom I now Of force believe almighty , since no less Than such could have o ' erpowered such force as ours ) Have left us this our spirit and strength entire , Strongly to suffer and support our pains , That we may so suffice his vengeful ire , Or do him mightier service as his thralls By right of war , whate ' er his business be , Here in the heart of Hell to work in fire , Or do his errands in the gloomy Deep ?
Margaret Thatcher was remarkable , of course , for being the first woman Prime Minister , and she could use this factor to persuade or beguile male colleagues on occasion . 
Sighs and fine words had been given in abundance ; but she could hardly devise any set of expressions , or fancy any tone of voice , less allied with real love .
He could not keep his eyes off her when at school ; ;
If you do n't have all the ingredients for the curry sauce , you could add a can of prepared curry sauce to the beef and chopped vegetables and simmer the same way .
Lucy was naturally clever ; her remarks were often just and amusing ; and as a companion for half an hour Elinor frequently found her agreeable ; but her powers had received no aid from education : she was ignorant and illiterate ; and her deficiency of all mental improvement , her want of information in the most common particulars , could not be concealed from Miss Dashwood , in spite of her constant endeavour to appear to advantage .
But before I could get to the tree I heard the door of the house opening , and someone coming out .
Such had been Piedro ' s wretched education , that even the hard lessons of experience could not alter its pernicious effects .
There his vote , along with those of Chairman Howard Smith , the courtly Virginia judge , and the four Republican members , could and often did produce a 6-6 deadlock that blocked far-out , Democratic-sponsored welfare legislation ( a tactic often acceptable to the Rayburn-Johnson congressional leadership to avoid embarrassing votes ) .
The expense shall not be thought of ; and though he is so liberal , and so fond of Jane that I dare say he would not mean to charge any thing for attendance , we could not suffer it to be so , you know .
But they whisper about how could a woman fall downstairs , break her neck , and yet keep the hood on her head undisturbed ? 
And even with her limited knowledge of such things , she knew that the car could be repaired there ; ;
Edward was , of course , immediately convinced that nothing could have been more natural than Lucy ' s conduct , nor more self - evident than the motive of it .
They consisted of 49 metric tons of alkyl dimethylamine , used in making detergent , and 17 metric tons of sodium sulfide , a chemical that could be used in making mustard gas .
The need to do this could arise when time and space prevent him from having immediate contact with his source of succour , as would occur for example , on hunting expeditions . 
As Syme drew nearer to him step by step , he did not even move a hair ; and Syme could come close enough to notice even in the dim , pale morning light that his face was long , pale and intellectual , and ended in a small triangular tuft of dark beard at the very point of the chin , all else being clean - shaven .
Having argued that Galileo 's plutonium power source could have released lethal doses of radiation if the shuttle exploded yesterday , they were n't quieted by yesterday 's successful launch .
One woman -- she could have been either English or American -- went up to him and said , ' But you are the foreigners ' '' .
People keep mentioning this Peter Barnes guy , could someone please let me in on the joke .
She might fight him , resent him , even hate him for condemning her on Matilda 's word alone , but she could n't deny his need or her longing to satisfy it . 
You could try adding a glass of white wine , an onion and a little celery and leek , if you must , but make sure that the court bouillon is cold before you start . 
It could , by avoiding direct intervention , provide a short-of-war strategy to meet short-of-war infiltration .
3 : 26 And when the king of Moab saw that the battle was too sore for him , he took with him seven hundred men that drew swords , to break through even unto the king of Edom : but they could not .
It could be a joint development or a pricey investment by a third party . 
Daisy Pettigrew changed her reading for her long distance glasses , so that she could see the vicarage garden more clearly . 
Put on a show last night to convince us they 're still there , then decamped as quick as they could . " 
Indeed a man could not very well be in love with either of her daughters , without extending the passion to her ; and Elinor had the satisfaction of seeing him soon become more like himself .
If Anne could catch sight of Rhoda , she would say something , but she was loathe to speak to John if she could help it . 
Before he could be lifted he was dead .
After the changes the consumer could see what he was buying before committing himself to leave the motorway . 
It would be heavy , of course , but the carrying strap could be reinforced and the object could be transported on an ordinary golf trolley .
We eagerly set out to find our dream home but , after much searching , eventually we decided that there was no way we could leave our quiet countryside house with its beautiful views .
` I think that the picture of a member of staff having to forcibly eject girls via the emergency exit in order that they could catch the school transport home speaks for itself ! " 
If the authorities could allow this sort of ` vandalism " , what else were they capable of ? 
He could not do it if he were not the landlord , although in general you can not , in the late twentieth century , expect high-minded landlords to do your planning for you . 
Crisp , cool and deliciously feminine , we could n't resist this beautiful tailored suit in cotton/linen with pretty broderie anglaise detail . 
When I was a child , I well remember a somewhat similar circumstance that befell me ; whether it was a reality or a dream , I never could entirely settle .
The Bolsheviks proved in the Civil War that they could defend the minorities just as well , or indeed better than the Tsarist regime had done in the Great War . 
She disappeared , and left me dark ; I waked To find her , or for ever to deplore Her loss , and other pleasures all abjure : When out of hope , behold her , not far off , Such as I saw her in my dream , adorned With what all Earth or Heaven could bestow To make her amiable : On she came , Led by her heavenly Maker , though unseen , And guided by his voice ; nor uninformed Of nuptial sanctity , and marriage rites : Grace was in all her steps , Heaven in her eye , In every gesture dignity and love .
Digby thought he could actually see blood vessels bursting on the man 's nose as he spoke . 
`` Chicago And All That Jazz '' could not be faulted on the choice of artists .
Perhaps under the guidance of this Nazi principle one could , as Eichmann declared , feel personally friendly toward the Jews and still be their murderer .
Louisa loved all these plays , and she made some of her own and wrote them down so that the children could act them .
The fever was over , and Emma could harbour little fear of the pulse being quickened again by injurious courtesy .
Guillotines were too mechanical , all right for fancy foreigners , but for sheer spectacle and prolonged drama , one could n't beat a good old English hanging .
Emma hoped it must rapidly work Harriet ' s cure ; but the sensations which could prompt such behaviour sunk them both very much .-- It was not to be doubted that poor Harriet ' s attachment had been an offering to conjugal unreserve , and her own share in the story , under a colouring the least favourable to her and the most soothing to him , had in all likelihood been given also .
Ritu darted out of the room as if glad to be released , leaving me and the mother-in-law to make what we could of each other . 
Who would submit to the indignity of being approved by such a woman as Lady Middleton and Mrs . Jennings , that could command the indifference of any body else ?"
She thought of the bleak , futuristic décor and the grey river beneath , and nodded abruptly before other thoughts could crowd unbidden into her head and start that agonised melting all over again . 
The affection of such a man as Mr . Elton would have been too great a distinction .-- She never could have deserved him -- and nobody but so partial and kind a friend as Miss Woodhouse would have thought it possible .
The lines of his face were so deep and complex that one could see five or ten different faces besides the real one , as one can see them in an elaborate wall - paper .
This , as every thing else would have been , was too much for Marianne , who could only exclaim , in the anguish of her heart , " Oh !
It had required the approval of President Franklin Delano Roosevelt before the John Harvey could be loaded with 100 tons of mustard gas and despatched to the Italian warfront .
Sixthly , each robot would have to know that the other had these properties , and know that each knew that , otherwise they could hardly rationally plan actions dependent on the other 's plans .
It was strange that an impulsive , warm person could be such a calculating lover . 
He occasionally drops a phrase to provoke a smile from the soft cheeks of ladies and gentlemen , and to make them think that they could say the thing better …
It will not let you eate , nor talke , nor sleepe ; And could it worke so much vpon your shape , As it hath much preuayl ' d on your Condition , I should not know you Brutus .
Yes but I remember , I can remember Edith phoning me and , and saying , you know she was going away , you know is , you know could I go down ? 
I could still do my job , but my heart was n't in the day-to-day scramble for the latest pictures . 
Things could have been done in an underhand way , but I insisted that Hibs ask for permission to speak to me . 
Only two weeks ago they complained they could not afford to fund the teachers " pay award . "
In return for his allegiance the king received papal protection for himself and his kingdom , he could be excommunicated only by the pope and any lands conquered from the Muslims were confirmed to the crown .
Who else but Runcorn could give an impromptu hour-long lecture on any geophysical topic and probably have just the right slides in his pocket to support it ? 
One wrote : `` ( I am so hungry ) I could eat a rider off his horse & snap at the stirups '' .
` We could do with some loaves and fishes , " Mr Hobbs said and looked embarrassed , as if it was shameful to care about other people 's hunger .
But Darlington Chief Inspector Matt Longstaff also believes club managers could have contacted the force if they were in doubt over their legal position . 
Sometimes our bodies and minds seek excuses to experience griefs that we may have put aside or denied because we could n't face them at the time . 
She could see the twinkle in his eye . 
" I wish ," said Mrs . Weston , " one could know which arrangement our guests in general would like best .
He urged that the Communist Party " should propose a meeting with the Labour Party to jointly formulate a united front programme around which the common fight could be organised " . 
Besides spinning well , she had learned at school to do plain work tolerably neatly , and Isabella and Caroline employed her to work for them ; by which she earned a great deal more than she could by spinning .
She knew she could never trespass on any liking from that robust and distant lady . 
I could get up close to him where there was traffic but had to drop far behind when there wasn't traffic .
They could stray up so near to the wall in an apparently unwatched garden as to find it easy to jump over it .
They would simply raise disdainful eyebrows and say what else could one expect of the lower orders ; the Irish ? 
It was not until August 1987 that the Government made it mandatory for blood banks to test donated blood , arguing that imported AIDS diagnosis kits could not be afforded .
Bake was waiting to report that Lou DuVol had been sobered up to the point where he could function efficiently .
Baffled , he scratched his greasy white hair and wondered what it could be and why it should have been stored in a beer keg . 
" But I think you could tell me more about that than I can tell you ."
If this went well , he could be allowed off the lead to play with his new friend for a short while . 
You could n't get half a dozen Peruvians together without them gabbing away like crazy . 
He asked me if he could do any thing .
And if he ever decided to stay over when he had n't told me in advance , he 'd always ring and tell me where I could reach him .
The principal potential advantage would be that the finished product could be transported and stored at lower cost under refrigeration instead of being frozen .
As a longer-term insurance , the report proposes creating seed banks of crop species that could be wiped out in their existing locations as a result of global warming . 
he could feel more than hear the staccato beat of hoofs that fanned out across the prairie to the north .
While they talked , they were advancing towards the carriage ; it was ready ; and , before she could speak again , he had handed her in .
She could sense his eyes on her and felt a sudden bashfulness . 
She scrambled down the tree as fast as she could . 
They could be used to attack a nation's people ( which would inevitably mean the loss of the attacker's own people ) , or they could be used with discrimination to destroy the enemy's military force .
One who could be linked to anti-Semitism only by overcoming his objections is scarcely a good specimen of the Jew-baiter throughout the ages .
Dyes for hair colouring could only be obtained from plants and one of the oldest of these is the red dye henna , obtained from the powdered dried leaves of the plant Lawsonia inermis . 
If all science were as Lendrem portrays it , we could ascertain everything by resort to introspection and examination of our own motives . 
Could Senator Humphrey be serious in his proposal ? ?
France could also boast living saints , however , especially in the line of holy men who ruled Cluny as abbots in the tenth and eleventh centuries . 
By the time the 1958 World Cup was held in Sweden , the international game had reached what could be described as the first flowering of maturity . 
This interpretation of the role of residence in the economy of middle-class culture could lead to various projections for the churches .
It takes longer to saturate large rods with deuterium than to saturate the smaller ones ; the latter took up to a fortnight and they estimated that the largest rods could take up to a year .
` I 'm taking you in my arms , " he returned with a calmness she could only envy from the bottom of her heart . 
When Mr . Cole had moved away , and her attention could be restored as before , she saw Frank Churchill looking intently across the room at Miss Fairfax , who was sitting exactly opposite .
When a doctor attends you and could poison you with a pinch of salt , do you ask whether he is a Christian ?
In the first days she said her one hope was that her children , isolated though they were , could feel ` held " in the same safe way . 
Nobody could deny that deliberately creating a great depression was a pretty huge concept .
He punched his way through , tearing an opening in what must have been the thing 's gut ( for sinuous tubes were visible there , coils of transparent rubber that could only have been intestines ) . 
RAIL passengers could soon be hit by a series of one-day strikes after RMT , the biggest railway union , failed to get assurances over job losses , a spokesman for the union said last night . 
Some of their jokes could almost be heard across the square .
" He is a person I never think of from one month ' s end to another ," said Mr . Knightley , with a degree of vexation , which made Emma immediately talk of something else , though she could not comprehend why he should be angry .
" My dear Jane , what is this I hear ?-- Going to the post - office in the rain !-- This must not be , I assure you .-- You sad girl , how could you do such a thing ?-- It is a sign I was not there to take care of you ."
Company directors are now uneasily aware , therefore , that a rebuke from the Panel could lead both to some unpleasant press coverage and a dip in the share price . 
If doctors could know for certain which individuals would develop the disease , they could treat potential diabetics before the process takes hold . 
Nothing could be done without a reference to Elizabeth : but her inclination was growing so strong for a removal , that she was happy to have it fixed and expedited by a tenant at hand ; and not a word to suspend decision was uttered by her .
He could feel the clumps of earth still landing on his body and his mind struggled to understand what was happening . 
Elinor could not help smiling at this display of indifference towards the manners of a person , to whom she had often had difficulty in persuading Marianne to behave with tolerable politeness ; and resolved within herself , that if her sister persisted in going , she would go likewise , as she did not think it proper that Marianne should be left to the sole guidance of her own judgment , or that Mrs . Jennings should be abandoned to the mercy of Marianne for all the comfort of her domestic hours .
" In our way thither ," he says , " about four o ' clock in the morning , when we were about one hundred and fifty leagues from the Main of America , our ship felt a terrible shock , which put our men in such consternation that they could hardly tell where they were or what to think ; but every one began to prepare for death .
If only Simms Purdew could do that , whatever the thing he remembered and told .
In the course of the spring she must return their civilities by one very superior party -- in which her card - tables should be set out with their separate candles and unbroken packs in the true style -- and more waiters engaged for the evening than their own establishment could furnish , to carry round the refreshments at exactly the proper hour , and in the proper order .
Many aspects of civilization were not yet sufficiently crystallized to find expression , nor could the simple economic and social foundations of this world support a lofty structure .
Under such leadership a crowd of the poorer citizens could , if provoked , turn up to carry measures displeasing to Pericles , and still more to the conservatives .
Living without awe of God is like living as a beggar , when instead we could live in the king 's palace as the heir . 
In one outstanding example , Whirlpool Corp. found that by switching to urethane foam insulation , they could increase the storage capacity of gas refrigerators to make them competitive with electric models .
No , he could not believe it a bad house ; not such a house as a man was to be pitied for having .
Turning from the altar , Cameron could not see Mr Whistle among the congregation , but did think he glimpsed Judi , loitering embarrassed near the back . 
He remained in a stunned silence for a long time ; and that , if he had only known , was the wisest thing that he could possibly do at the moment .
The contents of the saddle-bags he crammed into his wallet but there was more food than he could find room for . 
For audiences at the Liverpool Playhouse it is difficult to imagine anyone who could portray the bored middle-aged housewife so well . 
A second later there was a loud click and buzz which could only be the black box alarm being activated . 
It was repeated twice and thrice , and then thirty times , and the crowd of Joseph Chamberlains ( a solemn thought ) could be heard trampling down the corridor .
Canoe-loads of coral and sand were being ferried from the beach to fill her empty hold , for she could not sail against the monsoon to Makassar without ballast . 
Before she could reply , even if she 'd known what to say , Phena sauntered back in . 
The harp was beautiful to look upon , mighty in size , made of rare wood , and ornamented with gold and jewels ; and it had wonderful music in its strings , which only the Dagda could call out .
It was not merely in fine words or hyperbolical compliment that he paid his duty ; nothing could be more proper or pleasing than his whole manner to her -- nothing could more agreeably denote his wish of considering her as a friend and securing her affection .
After that the Bruces could renew their struggle for the throne .
If he had been associated with a major electric manufacturer it could have been different , but his character was too individualistic .
With his dyed hair , multiple earrings and parachute boots , he might present a formidable sight to some , but he 's one of the most amiable punks you could wish to meet . 
So in these pages the term `` technology '' is used to include any and all means which could amplify , project , or augment man's control over himself and over other men .
Most of the groups that met by the lake could speak to each other . 
The first time that he noticed that even a king could not always have his own way was on a day when he went hunting .
Rocks stained a particular colour , sudden changes in vegetation , material thrown up by borrowing animals -- all these could provide evidence of a mineral deposit . 
" I think , madam ," said the master of the shop , with a shrewd , good natured look , " I could give a pretty good guess myself what will become of that guinea ; but I say nothing ."
But poor Harriet could not follow .
This is the first time I 've seen something I could imagine a lot of people using . ''
The presence of the two exhaust fans seemed to indicate that the hall could become crowded for air .
I felt myself tremble , thinking of the diamond light of that beauty I had held a few moments before , and I wanted to run down there and halt , if I could , that frenetic pirouette , catch the boy in the moment of his savagery , and save a glimmer , a remnant , of that which I remembered , but I knew it was already too late .
Mr . Weston had accompanied her to Mrs . Bates ' s , and gone through his share of this essential attention most handsomely ; but she having then induced Miss Fairfax to join her in an airing , was now returned with much more to say , and much more to say with satisfaction , than a quarter of an hour spent in Mrs . Bates ' s parlour , with all the encumbrance of awkward feelings , could have afforded .
Perhaps she might have passed over more had his manners been flattering to Isabella ' s sister , but they were only those of a calmly kind brother and friend , without praise and without blindness ; but hardly any degree of personal compliment could have made her regardless of that greatest fault of all in her eyes which he sometimes fell into , the want of respectful forbearance towards her father .
Of the British playwrights , Pinter is often thought to be on the edges of ` absurdism " and you could also read N.F. Simpson 's One Way Pendulum and Cresta Run . 
( He could surprise you sometimes with the bits and pieces of his knowledge . ) 
`` We tried to settle this dispute '' , he said , `` but could never come to an agreement .
I think I could , if I only know how to begin .'
`` Oh , I'm sure I could do that '' , Maggie said .
Thus , assuming two-thirds of those retiring were replaced in work by unemployment beneficiaries , the financial costs could have been halved .
During the past few years , ZrO 2 has been introduced to dentistry [ 14 15 ] . The partially stabilized ZrO 2 has a fracture toughness twice that of A 2 O 3 [ 16 ] suggesting that ZrO 2 based copings could become a major competitor to Procera in the future .
so he could have something of her for himself .
He was full of an incandescence that ` no pails of cold water " could put out . 
With the whole camp exposed to view we could see the variety of canvas shelters in which Americans are camping now .
Lawyers for Virgin and BA were working into the night , going over a settlement which could cost BA up to £10 million . 
Before the audience could quite dismiss the idea that the priest had really seen himself doing murder with a short dagger with a long hilt ( which seemed somehow to make it more horrible ), he had himself hurried on to explain .
The only way Fiedler could get back to earth alive was to fly the pulse jet missile and land it on the airstrip .
I asked him through his interpreter whether he could now make the films he wanted again . 
Pubs could become for her extensions of the office , places to put on a good show for the Yard , swilling pints of bitter with the lads to enhance her image .
She had previously , in the anticipation of their marriage , been very apprehensive of losing her friend by it ; but on being assured that he could have made no attempt of that nature , since he did not even know her to be in Bath , it immediately occurred , that something might be done in her favour by the influence of the woman he loved , and she had been hastily preparing to interest Anne ' s feelings , as far as the observances due to Mr Elliot ' s character would allow , when Anne ' s refutation of the supposed engagement changed the face of everything ; and while it took from her the new - formed hope of succeeding in the object of her first anxiety , left her at least the comfort of telling the whole story her own way .
The Taepodong-2 has not been flight-tested , but U.S. intelligence analysts believe it could be ready for testing at any time . Pyongyang has deployed as many as 600 - 750 ballistic missiles , including about 175 - 200 Nodongs . 
Of course the higher officials could add or place a name on the list wherever they wished .
Offutt Air Force Base in Nebraska was chosen because of its elaborate command and control facilities , and because it could accommodate overnight lodging for 50 persons .
She could feel them welling up behind her eyes , and she blinked rapidly , trying to refocus on how much she hated him instead of how much he was hurting her . 
` I told you , she -- " But , before she could finish , he swiped the words out of her mouth with the flat of his hand . 
She promised to think of it , and advised him to think of it more ; but he was fully convinced , that no reflection could alter his wishes or his opinion on the subject .
I find they resemble grit and taste the same -- even the health store from which I bought them could not enlighten me . 
I had long since begun to lose my general innocence when I lost my trust in you , but this special innocence I lost before ever I loved , through my discovery that one could tremble with desire and even experience a flaming delight that had nothing , nothing whatever to do with friendship or liking , let alone with love .
Perhaps it would be better to speak to him , since silence could not exorcise his form .
Traditionally it had been the poor who had deferred marriage until they could become independent in an economy of the margins , but the early impact of industrialisation appears to have broken the pattern . 
Although the P25 was by then quite good , Rudd realised that the front suspension could be tweaked still further .
Palestinian police commanders have said Hamas and Islamic Jihad only had about 150 armed fighters who could easily be disarmed by Arafat 's 9,000 troops equipped with 7,000 assault rifles and pistols and 120 machine guns .
Thus I soon engaged his interest ; and from that we went to jabbering the best we could about the various outer sights to be seen in this famous town .
When at last she could suffer the insult no longer , nor face the girl's scorn , she said in a voice overloud :
Ronni could feel her skin tingle from her scalp to her toes . 
It could reflect properties of the spontaneous DNA damages , the replication fork , the number of replication forks , the number of chromosomes , the organization and structure of the chromosomes , the repair machinery , or the availability of homologous chromosomes for repair .
He had long made up his mind to Jane Fairfax ' s going out as governess , and could talk of it cheerfully , but Mr . Knightley ' s going to London had been an unexpected blow .
" He promised to come to me as soon as he could disengage himself from Knightley ; but he and Knightley are shut up together in deep consultation .-- Mr .
` The Lord did n't help you get better so that you could gallivant about and fall over people and injure yourself . " 
7 : 2 And the priests could not enter into the house of the LORD , because the glory of the LORD had filled the LORD ' s house .
It is unlikely that the West could have done anything , at that stage , to prevent the communist takeovers in the late-1940s .
Lieutenant Justin Freeland , 25 , hit in the arm by shrapnel , said : ` I would very much liked to have returned fire but we could not pinpoint the enemy . " 
` You could be widowed young , and with no children or grandchildren to fill those lonely years . " 
Margery had thought she could begin to sow the seed right off .
There was a glass pane in the front door , and through this he could see into a hallway where a plump woman with red hair was arranging flowers .
She was infuriated by his arrogant assumption that he could simply demand answers , infuriated still more by her own desire to simply cave in and tell him the truth . 
The sand sunk ; the wheat floated : and Imo could then skim a clean meal of wheat off the surface . 
They sat down to tea -- the same party round the same table -- how often it had been collected !-- and how often had her eyes fallen on the same shrubs in the lawn , and observed the same beautiful effect of the western sun !-- But never in such a state of spirits , never in any thing like it ; and it was with difficulty that she could summon enough of her usual self to be the attentive lady of the house , or even the attentive daughter .
There was nothing he could do but wait .
` We should have looked first ! " he declared abjectly when all they could see of the scene below and beyond was of rooftops and forest shrouded in mist and rain .
But fears that this could send the pound plummeting prompted Downing Street to issue a denial , and insist that next year 's spending target of £244.5bn would not be breached . 
By this time the little Gingerbread Boy was so proud that he didn ' t think anybody could catch him .
He had realized suddenly that he could do without them .
It must be her ardent wish that Harriet might be disappointed ; and she hoped , that when able to see them together again , she might at least be able to ascertain what the chances for it were .-- She should see them henceforward with the closest observance ; and wretchedly as she had hitherto misunderstood even those she was watching , she did not know how to admit that she could be blinded here .-- He was expected back every day .
Presently he came to a place where a number of men were at work loosening some large rocks , and one amongst the workmen was stooping down looking for something very eagerly ; Jem ran up , and asked if he could help him .
`` He's a wrong-o '' , said Runyon , `` and I wouldn't trust him as far as I could throw the Statue of Liberty '' .
Both sides agreed that the theater must stand a moral test , but they could not agree on whether the poets were a good or a bad influence .
Two of the interior walls were painted canvas , and the others only more substantial so they could support the catwalks necessary for the fight . 
But most of them could not understand his lasting despair , for was he not free and in the very home of democracy ? 
It was all in one piece and could n't be opened , and she judged it as being thick enough to resist breaking , even under the impact of one of the chairs .
Lady Middleton had sent a very civil message by him , denoting her intention of waiting on Mrs . Dashwood as soon as she could be assured that her visit would be no inconvenience ; and as this message was answered by an invitation equally polite , her ladyship was introduced to them the next day .
There have been growing fears that aluminium could be responsible for causing the disease , with leading experts calling for reductions in the metal in drinking water . 
He was closer to understanding it in English now , although it could never have the inevitability of the Martian concept it stood for .
Then , almost so certain as to be positive that he could not abide a clinging type of woman , she hooked her arm through his . 
2 ) `` Sam 's success could reflect its quasi - mislabeling , presenting a strong-flavored beer as a ' lager .
If Segura could pick one gift of tennis talent to be born with , he 'd choose mobility .
What a sad creature I 'd be if I could n't promise future children black , peaty lochans full of newts , hillsides teeming with deer , hares and stoats and skies full of soaring majestic birds . 
She could do no wrong at the tables that time .
Elinor could hardly keep her countenance as she assented to the hardship of such an obligation .
Loretta , who could not remember when she had last baked a cake , was quite taken aback .
The weeping child could not be heard , The weeping parents wept in vain : They stripped him to his little shirt , And bound him in an iron chain ,
After her entrance , Colonel Brandon became more thoughtful and silent than he had been before , and Mrs . Jennings could not prevail on him to stay long .
By the late 19th century , hard-knotted rugs had almost ceased to be made in Europe , as the advent of weaving machines meant that rugs could be produced much more quickly at a fraction of the cost . 
Detectives believe a New York Mafia family , who planned to ` launder " the bonds , sent a hitman to silence Thomas before he could name names . 
And at this point , Lucy thought , there should be a lecture on little cousins' sharing dolls -- but she could sympathize with Susan ; ;
There were rows between him and Dennis , who could become exceedingly tired and emotional and was already shooting in New Orleans without a script . 
The greedy man could not bear to see even an instant ' s pause , and he came out of the shadow , and bade them , with harsh words , go on grinding , and cease not except for so long as the cuckoo was silent , or while he himself sang a song .
` No contract is alleged to have been made with or on behalf of the plaintiff , and no facts are averred that show any duty on the part of the defendants towards the plaintiff for breach of which an action could lie . 
I think in vitro fertilisation is wonderful for childless couples , but I could never consider that option for us . 
To them he could have been the broken bell in the church tower which rang before and after Mass , and at noon , and at six each evening -- its tone , repetitive , monotonous , never breaking the boredom of the streets .
A vile joke -- he could as well sprout wings and fly straight up to the sun as find that sum ! 
Seeing them waiting there at the foot of Emigrant Rock was so overwhelming that , for a good minute after they rounded the bend and started down the grade leading toward them , Matilda could not speak at all .
And as soon as they found he really could not hurt them they began to despise him ; and finally they sent another messenger to Jove to ask for a new king .
An alternate roof , perhaps more within do-it-yourself reach , could be constructed of heavy wooden roof beams , overlaid with boards and waterproofing .
If the risk had been created by the employer , a defence of volenti could usually be mounted by the employer , if the employee was aware of the danger and continued to work .
He was enthralled by the entire proceeding and remarked that only the English could make a contest between two crews which would not rank in the World 's top 10 into a bigger spectacle than the Olympic final . 
` That could be a matter for debate , " she said with curt emphasis , watching him prowl up and down like a shark testing the boundaries of a tank . 
How ironic that a program once watched by poor and wealthy viewers alike ultimately perished because its creator could n't handle the move from being poor to being wealthy herself .
Closely resembling a trade union movement , the Workingmen 's Association gave Cipriani a mass support that none of his politically independent rivals could match .
" Tunis , " she replied , telling me there was space on the flight and I could remain on board .
Even from where he stood he could see the neatly folded blanket that he had spread over Burton , the pillow , the sheet of paper on top of it .
Those dogs are all on foot , and we could soon leave them behind ."
In addition , in any survey , there is always the chance that other factors such as question wording could introduce errors into the findings .
I could n't find her .
Inhabitant with God , now know I well Thy favour , in this honour done to Man ; Under whose lowly roof thou hast vouchsafed To enter , and these earthly fruits to taste , Food not of Angels , yet accepted so , As that more willingly thou couldst not seem At Heaven ' s high feasts to have fed : yet what compare To whom the winged Hierarch replied .
Never having seen Jack suture , she wondered if she ought to call the fascio-maxillary surgeon over from the Norfolk and Norwich , or if she could , indeed , trust Jack to do a decent job . 
It could well become agitated at the dispersal of the pigeons , turn its head towards the lights , and bark heatedly at the roadworkers . 
The first thing every morning when she washed her face she could see the scar on her chin where he'd cut her with a boot cleat , and maybe she saw him heaving it again , the dirty sock popping out as it flew .
By contrast , if divorce required mutual consent , your spouse could accept your efforts to make him or her happy without feeling a strong need to reciprocate .
He was determined to restore order in the countryside , to avoid giving the impression that nobles could force him into concessions , and to silence the most determined of his critics , but he neither abandoned the task of implementing the emancipation statutes nor fought shy of enacting the additional measures to which freeing the serfs gave rise .
Emma was quite relieved , and could presently say , with a little more composure ,
3 : 2 And it came to pass at that time , when Eli was laid down in his place , and his eyes began to wax dim , that he could not see ; 3 : 3 And ere the lamp of God went out in the temple of the LORD , where the ark of God was , and Samuel was laid down to sleep ; 3 : 4 That the LORD called Samuel : and he answered , Here am I .
Nor could leaders of the Conservative party offer active support for the idea , for it implied lack of confidence in the leadership of Baldwin no less than in that of MacDonald .
" And if YOU could help it , Susan ?"
If I worked , and worked , and worked ever so hard , I could no ways earn two guineas AFORE Monday fortnight -- could I , mother ?"
I forgot that sometimes he could be quiet and kind , and I hated him . 
She talked with a great deal of reason , and at least equal affection -- but she had too much to urge for Emma ' s attention ; it was soon gone to Brunswick Square or to Donwell ; she forgot to attempt to listen ; and when Mrs . Weston ended with , " We have not yet had the letter we are so anxious for , you know , but I hope it will soon come ," she was obliged to pause before she answered , and at last obliged to answer at random , before she could at all recollect what letter it was which they were so anxious for .
Some of the count ' s servants , on whom he could most depend , were at a distant part of the city attending their mistress , but the English gentleman offered the services of his man Arthur .
In fact , you could quite happily keep four specimens in a 4′ tank for up to a couple of years , before having to step up to more comfortable accommodation . 
You could then attach a brushtype draught seal to the door itself , fixed with self-tapping screws or ` pop '' rivets .
Fiona could have smacked her for being so spineless . 
Ask her if they could get some buckets across and fill them from the river ."
He could not afford to lose a drop of the precious water , so he spent most of his waking hours along the ditches in his meadows .
They were in a by - street , very lean and lonely itself , but so close to a crowded thoroughfare that they could see the vague masses of vehicles going by , and could even see an individual hansom cab passing the corner at the instant .
Seeking an obscure , dark , relatively quiet corner in the airy room otherwise suffused with afternoon sunshine , he asked if the soft background music could be turned off .
The wine was introduced into them by means of fine glass pipettes , though the champagne had to be robbed of its sparkle before it could be persuaded to enter ! 
If it is , could you please acknowledge this by signing and returning the attached copy of this letter . 
But Prince Cherry had been rather spoiled by his nurse when he was a child ; she had always said to him that when he should become king he could do exactly as he pleased .
Before Roberts could move inside to cut upward toward his face , he slammed his right fist into Roberts' belly .
The elderly and lethargic banker sprang erect in the coach and leapt over the precipice before the tilted vehicle could take him there .
Nothing , in other words , could be sharper than Russell 's condemnation of traditional Christianity . 
His father would not own himself uneasy , and laughed at her fears ; but she could not be cured of wishing that he would part with his black mare .
All the graves are in very bad condition -- weed-choked , and stripped of whatever marble and railings could be removed . 
It was a habit he 'd acquired over the years , telling his wife it was the only time one could get a decent breath of fresh air living in London . 
The western half of this wing could then be dedicated to a ` double-height " living-room with French windows opening out , through a deepened former window opening , on to the garden . 
How could it be otherwise , when I have an almost tame squirrel that happily hops about the borders when I 'm feeding or digging ? 
Tom had demurred but Harriet could always recall Liza , with that innocent beguiling look of hers , saying , ` Oh Daddy , please . 
I thought I could recognize the back of a house as well as the back of a man ."
Their tax collection calendar could then be : July 25 , October 26 , January 26 , and April 25 , ( Providence ) ; ;
He called Stefan on the radio , who had a look round on the underside of the ` Fury and could see nothing wrong . 
She was rather low all the evening , but Emma could allow for her amiable regrets , and sometimes relieved them by speaking of her own affection , sometimes by bringing forward the idea of Mr . Elton .
As far as he could see there was no hole to climb through it .
He kept trying to rewrite the script and would produce pages which he scrawled on so badly you could n't read it , and neither could he . 
) The sorry fact about this young man , who was barely of age when he broke into major-league baseball , was that he really was a better ball player than he was given credit for being -- never so good as he claimed , and always an irritant to his associates , but a good steady performer when he could fight down the temptation to orate on his skills or cut up in public .
The comment could be interpreted as a warning that Russia would oppose , for example , an attack on Iraq .
It shows that not all labourers ' cottages were flimsy hovels and that families in this group could aspire to reasonable comfort . 
I often thought her blindness was not entirely physical : she wanted finally to shut her eyes to the sorrows and miseries of the son she still adored , for she could not bear to see me suffering . 
-- he cried , after hearing what she said --" what could be the Colonel ' s motive ?"
Anne did think on the question with perfect decision , and said as much in reply as her own feeling could accomplish , or as his seemed able to bear , for he was too much affected to renew the subject , and when he spoke again , it was of something totally different .
Anne Diamond explained that she could not be at Torquay because of programme commitments and what she called ` another thing " , patting her midriff to show that she was heavily pregnant . 
This desponding turn of mind , though it could not be communicated to Mrs . Dashwood , gave additional pain to them all in the parting , which shortly took place , and left an uncomfortable impression on Elinor ' s feelings especially , which required some trouble and time to subdue .
Conversation however was not wanted , for Sir John was very chatty , and Lady Middleton had taken the wise precaution of bringing with her their eldest child , a fine little boy about six years old , by which means there was one subject always to be recurred to by the ladies in case of extremity , for they had to enquire his name and age , admire his beauty , and ask him questions which his mother answered for him , while he hung about her and held down his head , to the great surprise of her ladyship , who wondered at his being so shy before company , as he could make noise enough at home .
But if we had been sold for bondmen and bondwomen , I had held my tongue , although the enemy could not countervail the king ' s damage .
replied Emma , unable to guess , by look or voice , whether Harriet could indeed have received any hint .
Later , rising ninety , he was beset by publishers for the story of his life and miracles , as he put it , but , calling himself the Needy Knife-grinder , he had spent his time writing short articles and long letters and could not get even a small popular book done .
She had a little beauty and a little accomplishment , but so little judgment that she thought herself coming with superior knowledge of the world , to enliven and improve a country neighbourhood ; and conceived Miss Hawkins to have held such a place in society as Mrs . Elton ' s consequence only could surpass .
It was still dark , and he could see the rain slanting down in the light of the street lamps . 
The poor Hen - mother did everything she could think of to keep him from doing so foolish a thing , but the little Half - Chick laughed at her naughtily .
For some time , do all I would , I could not get into the faintest doze .
Tolonen said the companies wanted to see whether Macintosh System could run atop a different operating system and on a different chip , yet still maintain the user-friendly features of the Apple system .
Then we could leave one copy on the island whatever happens to us and put another in an empty bottle and send it out to sea , as they do in the books ."
If he violates the tough conditions , including random drugs tests , he could end up doing three years in a State prison .
And they were so contemptuous of the Nazis and their cohorts they could not imagine that they themselves featured in the minds and machinations of such louts . 
The twilight was fading fast when she entered the bedroom but she could see that the child was still sitting bolt upright in the bed . 
As Mrs . Jennings could talk on no other subject , Elinor soon saw the necessity of preparing Marianne for its discussion .
Confirmed then I resolve , Adam shall share with me in bliss or woe : So dear I love him , that with him all deaths I could endure , without him live no life .
Reputedly it could outrun , underwater , the fastest destroyers .
I can envision observations and experiments that would disprove any evolutionary theory I know , but I can not imagine what potential data could lead creationists to abandon their beliefs . 
( Could but thy flagstones , curbs , facades , tell their inimitable tales ; Thy windows rich , and huge hotels -- thy side - walks wide ;) Thou of the endless sliding , mincing , shuffling feet !
` Could she have hurt herself that bad , just by falling ? " 
To say and straight unsay , pretending first Wise to fly pain , professing next the spy , Argues no leader but a liear traced , Satan , and couldst thou faithful add ?
We both got out of the jeep as fast as we could and sprinted in the direction of the slit trenches . 
Medical students in his boat tried to help him , and a local doctor was called but there was nothing they could do .
Men believed they could control nature by obeying a moral code .
In a move variously described as ` ghoulish " , ` Machiavellian " and ` sick " , Mr Creed , it was alleged , had orchestrated this posthumous resignation , instructing expert embalmers to preserve the corpse and even arranging a photo session two days after Sir Charles 's death ( Sir Charles 's lifeless arm around Mr Creed 's shoulders ) so a picture could be released to the press along with a transcript of the letter of resignation . 
They fear drainage work for the 10 acre development could dry out Brinkburn Pond , destroying the thriving community of Greater Crested Newts , a protected species . 
She continued thinking like this throughout her affair , separation from Karenin and life with Vronsky because she could n't help it . 
Captain Wentworth was on the watch for them , and a chaise and four in waiting , stationed for their convenience in the lowest part of the street ; but his evident surprise and vexation at the substitution of one sister for the other , the change in his countenance , the astonishment , the expressions begun and suppressed , with which Charles was listened to , made but a mortifying reception of Anne ; or must at least convince her that she was valued only as she could be useful to Louisa .
Her brother ' s return was the first comfort ; he could take best care of his wife ; and the second blessing was the arrival of the apothecary .
Nothing , however , could be farther from the truth .
And dear Emma , too !-- What a dreadful loss to you both !-- I have been so grieved for you .-- I could not imagine how you could possibly do without her .-- It is a sad change indeed .-- But I hope she is pretty well , sir ."
As Harriet took her granddaughter from him , all she could murmur was , ` Thank you , Bert , more than I can say . 
Days began early and ended late so that maximum distances could be travelled . 
Creggan had never in his short life felt so desolate , and try as he did he could not rest and fall asleep . 
" We have never finished Hamlet , Marianne ; our dear Willoughby went away before we could get through it .
For the person with special needs it could provide clarity of presentation . 
Ay , if Dr . Sparerib could cure one of the gout , then , indeed , I should think something of him ; but , as to my leaving off my bottle of port , it ' s nonsense ; it ' s all nonsense ; I can ' t do it ; I can ' t , and won ' t , for all the Dr . Spareribs in Christendom ; that ' s poz !
One , no forcible entry to property ; the doctor could have gained admittance by identifying himself as De Corizo 's ex-husband .
She could feel nothing , as if her entire body were mummified in thick wads of flavourless chewing gum . 
Asked whether the governor and his entourage could have visited this spot without U. S. firepower at the ready , an Afghan police commander laughed heartily .
When she could let her attention take its natural course again , she found the Miss Musgroves just fetching the Navy List ( their own navy list , the first that had ever been at Uppercross ), and sitting down together to pore over it , with the professed view of finding out the ships that Captain Wentworth had commanded .
Mrs . Dashwood was denied ; but before the carriage could turn from the house , her husband accidentally came out .
She could always predict what Stanley was going to do , ever since she first met him .
She could well imagine what was going on in his mind : fickle , impulsive girl who flitted from one man to another without so much as a backward glance . 
It would be very naive to suppose that one report taken on its own could tell you as much as you might want to know about the organization .
" He appears rough to you ," said Emma , " because you are so very gentle yourself ; but if you could compare him with other papas , you would not think him rough .
But analysts caution an expected fall in metal prices next year could slow profit growth .
Uncle Ted , who for all his inane clowning , was well aware that a wrong move now could cost him his livelihood , took a careful aim whose caution was disguised behind a bout of bum wriggling . 
M. B. If you were lucky you might just get told off by the superintendent or you might go up before the chief constable where you could be fined .
Nothing could replace him , therefore , in her former esteem , nor injure the interests of Colonel Brandon .
Minimum air could go in , trickle out . 
Through the telescope , Jack could see that both spacesuits were still attached to it .
When sorting the stimulus cards into order , it was ensured that subjects could not see the cards . 
I lay there dismally calculating that sixteen entire hours must elapse before I could hope for a resurrection .
His reception by the sisters was heart-warming , and there was regret all round that he could not stay any time , that haste was vital . 
A boyish scheme , indeed !-- I cannot comprehend a man ' s wishing to give a woman any proof of affection which he knows she would rather dispense with ; and he did know that she would have prevented the instrument ' s coming if she could ."
Shocked as Captain Harville was , he brought senses and nerves that could be instantly useful ; and a look between him and his wife decided what was to be done .
Boiling with rage , yet forced to keep a fixed smile on her face while Carole Meadows continued showing them around the small guest cottage , Laura could barely contain her fury .
You could also thinly spread some glue on the cracker and sprinkle some glitter powder over it . 
` Then we realised there were plenty of tourists who could also use our products , so we took a risk and opened the shop .
Even if it is , some estates could take years to rehabilitate . 
" I could see it in his face .
He was out canvassing when he encountered an old lady who was ready to vote for him as long as he could convince her about Labour Party policy on cats . 
Ptolemy recurrently denies that he could ever explain planetary motion .
Applying eyeliner can be a tricky business ( see page 82 ) , but if you really love that 50s look , Lenthéric 's Eye-Definer is the best liquid liner we could find . 
Nor could they stop and find out about all that had happened until they made circle , tended the cattle , tethered the horses , gathered fuel , carried water , and started their cooking fires .
For 24 hours all abstained from drugs that could interfere with oesophagogastric function . 
David Lawrence could be heard screaming from 80 yards away .
Lady Russell could not help laughing .
I dream ' d this mortal part of mine Was Metamorphoz ' d to a Vine ; Which crawling one and every way Enthralled my dainty Lucia . Me thought , her long small legs MYAMP amp ; thighs I with my Tendrils did surprize ; Her Belly , Buttocks , and her Waste By my soft Nerv'lits were embrac ' d : About her head I writhing hung , And with rich clusters ( hid among The leaves ) her temples I behung : So that my Lucia seem ' d to me Young Bacchus ravisht by his tree . My curles about her neck did craule , And armes and hands they did enthrall ; So that she could not freely stir , ( All parts there made one prisoner . )
By the watchfires ' waning light he could discern a handful of ghostly figures flitting about nearby . 
The objectification of the world of spirit in popular superstition had certainly gone far beyond what the experience of spirit could justify or support .
They could n't believe it was all real -- that the nightmare was actually happening to them . 
He did justice to his very gentlemanlike appearance , his air of elegance and fashion , his good shaped face , his sensible eye ; but , at the same time , " must lament his being very much under - hung , a defect which time seemed to have increased ; nor could he pretend to say that ten years had not altered almost every feature for the worse .
Marianne could not bear this .-- She was already greatly displeased with Mrs . Ferrars ; and such ill - timed praise of another , at Elinor ' s expense , though she had not any notion of what was principally meant by it , provoked her immediately to say with warmth ,
and could not you say so a little sooner ?
" If that could but be done ," said she to herself , " how happy would my mother be .
The secondary consequences from this could be very serious and must be taken into consideration in planning for defense .
But Mrs . Dashwood could find explanations whenever she wanted them , which at least satisfied herself .
In 1996 , it held the first regional seminar on the national implementation of the CWC in Tehran so that government authorities could familiarize themselves with their duties and obligations under the treaty .
` It began with striking his spurs off for disobedience , but ended more on the lines of he could stay and rot for two weeks for all Zacco cared . 
Only a native New Yorker could believe that New York is now or ever was a literary center .
The original engine I have kept as a spare and would like to convert it to run on unleaded petrol , could you please inform me where to get drawings or information on conversion . 
The friend had tried to tough out the attack , which meant that it was too late to administer the stuff , so she had to live with the pain of knowing that her pain could have been quite a bit less .
Instead of how to stimulate demand sufficiently to absorb all that the machines could produce , the problem was what to substitute for the planet 's fast-diminishing raw material and energy resources .
Once he disposed of these items which screamed so harshly for attention , he could undertake the things which really counted .
If one could ascertain what the chief of them -- the Coles , for instance .
Here the shareholder could argue that the insider dealing was either a mala fide abuse of position or a misappropriation of the company 's assets , neither of which are ratifiable . 
I assured him that I could not .
Mrs . Dashwood could think of no other question , and Thomas and the tablecloth , now alike needless , were soon afterwards dismissed .
One could get over the gate at the bottom of the field , and be back again in half a minute ," added he , looking at Loveit .
" I am sorry I do NOT ," said Elinor , in great astonishment , " if it could be of any use to YOU to know my opinion of her .
The garden of the madhouse was so perfectly planned , and answered so exquisitely to every hour of daylight , that one could almost fancy that the sunlight was caught there tangled in its tinted trees , as the wise men of Gotham tried to chain the spring to a bush .
No , I could n't lose control .
She had not even a share in his opening compliments .-- Her name was not mentioned ;-- and there was so striking a change in all this , and such an ill - judged solemnity of leave - taking in his graceful acknowledgments , as she thought , at first , could not escape her father ' s suspicion .
" Could not ye say I was not at home , Betty ?
It was dark enough that I could actually see a few stars through the screen of city light .
And how he could write ! !
` We could n't believe the hospital could be so insensitive . 
Eventually it became clear to me , partly with the aid of another schizophrenic patient who could point out my condescension to me somewhat more directly , that this man , with his condescending , `` You're welcome '' , was very accurately personifying an element of obnoxious condescension which had been present in my own demeanor , over these months , on each of these occasions when I had bid him good-bye with the consoling note , each time , that the healing Christ would be stooping to dispense this succor to the poor sufferer again on the morrow .
Had ' st thou thy wits , and did ' st perswade Reuenge , it could not moue thus
Every man who dabbles in the market to make a little easy money on the side and suffers losses could at the time hardly face his wife who was wondering how her husband could be so dumb .
Carrie 's tummy swelled and swelled until she got as big as a whale and could n't even waddle around any more . 
Elinor , affected by his relation , and still more by his distress , could not speak .
A moment later he struck a match and lighted a candle , and I could see .
People in the British colony of Hong Kong could settle in the British colony of the Falklands and form an independent state .
She had been a friend and companion such as few possessed : intelligent , well - informed , useful , gentle , knowing all the ways of the family , interested in all its concerns , and peculiarly interested in herself , in every pleasure , every scheme of hers -- one to whom she could speak every thought as it arose , and who had such an affection for her as could never find fault .
She could feel it , pressing against her belly from beneath , like solid indigestion . 
I could n't believe her reaction , she was totally stupefied . 
" I could not help it , Leonora ," said she .
At a clandestine meeting in a North London bar , Brown tested me out by seeing if I could listen -- without puking -- to his stories about shagging wild women who dipped his dick in chocolate mousse .
SPENDING Christmas zapping aliens or helping Sonic the Hedgehog to dodge graphic nasties might sound mindless to parents -- but it could be great mental exercise for thousands of computer game-crazy youngsters . 
We can see this idea expressed in international relations between states : the USA could not defeat Vietnam despite the fact that in terms of military equipment the USA had the most powerful weapons . 
Though Charles and Mary had remained at Lyme much longer after Mr and Mrs Musgrove ' s going than Anne conceived they could have been at all wanted , they were yet the first of the family to be at home again ; and as soon as possible after their return to Uppercross they drove over to the Lodge .
` It could n't possibly have been Eddie who impersonated Delia and anyway there 'd have been no point when she lives in the same house as Angy . "
Desperate Dan could have woken up suddenly and gone for him with a broken bottle , or he could have accused him of thieving and stumped off to the nearest police station . 
Dana sulked because Roman had thwarted her plan to sit in the front passenger seat , and Claudia , conscious of her twin 's glowering presence , could n't find anything to say .
And far below , lower even than the lights , could be seen creeping or motionless , great black masses of men .
Many disabled people could not travel to the polling station , and few knew beforehand whether it was accessible , or even whether they could get into the booths . 
Even his great presence of mind could only manage a reply with an air of rather blundering jocularity .
( What other purpose could a striking union have but to interrupt the flow of commerce from the struck enterprise ? ?
In the states that have passed laws preventing discrimination in the sale or rental of housing , support by real estate associations for compliance and broadened coverage through additional legislation could help remove the label of `` social reformism '' that most realtors individually seem determined to avoid .
It was only a forty-minute scramble away from Bira through dry and spiny scrub before we could see the great tree looming far above any of the surrounding vegetation . 
This was the tormented surgeon , who , after in vain remonstrating against the proceedings of the day , had betaken himself to the Captain ' s round - house ( CABINET he called it ) to avoid the pest ; but still , could not help yelling out his entreaties and indignations at times .
The directive was aimed at Sinn Fein and the UDA but it could not have been the legislators ' intention that the broadcasting authority should be impartial between the terrorists and the terrorised . 
But getting rid of the TV and keeping the bedroom for sex could be the best cure of all . 
An example is the case of Burrell v Harmer [ 1967 ] Crim LR 169 : boys of 12 and 13 could not consent to being tattooed . 
I could see that the big man opposite me was trying , if anything , to stop him ; but he evidently held the old gentleman in considerable respect , and could not venture to do so at all abruptly .
Not more than five couple could be mustered ; but the rarity and the suddenness of it made it very delightful , and she found herself well matched in a partner .
Of course , we could argue that obese parents eat too much , and are thus likely to overfeed their children , making them obese , and that it has nothing to do with genetics or inheritance . 
All the denunciations of a property tax could just about be accommodated , but how were the Government to overcome the whole rationale of the ill-fated poll tax experiment , the supposed unacceptability of the rates ? 
If necessary , I could put together an intriguing article on how I solved a vital problem for the police …
Although the islands saw little action , as the war went on they could see that Athens was slowly losing its power .
Sir John could do no more ; but he did not know that any more was required : to be together was , in his opinion , to be intimate , and while his continual schemes for their meeting were effectual , he had not a doubt of their being established friends .
If such an investigation led to the decision to seek the removal of an old person from their home , an intervention order could be applied for , with emergency provisions as necessary . 
It never could be a fortress .
Two dances , unfortunately , were all that could be allowed .
Or it could have chosen to find -- by negotiation -- some way of stopping the tests without loss to national security .
nay , they were not at all ashamed , neither could they blush : therefore they shall fall among them that fall : at the time that I visit them they shall be cast down , saith the LORD .
Each with eagerness asked each what none could answer , " HAS HE TOLD ?"
The show was colorful , indeed , exuberant , but the press for all its assiduity could detect no note of a fateful rendezvous with destiny .
She groped for the light switch , but could not find it . 
But she could not make out his face , obscured from her by shadow and the oblique angle at which he had set his seat .
`` Karipo's women then named this place ' Eromonga ' -- manhood -- for just the strongest men could stay here .
Mrs . John Dashwood had never been a favourite with any of her husband ' s family ; but she had had no opportunity , till the present , of shewing them with how little attention to the comfort of other people she could act when occasion required it .
The March futures contract traded as high as 14.24 cents , but could n't sustain the advance , '' he said .
He decided to listen to their conversation , and knelt down outside the tent , making a little hole with his knife in the heavy cotton so that he could see the two people inside .
A 10-gallon garbage can , with a tightly fitting cover , could be used to keep the wastes until it is safe to leave the shelter .
But following the fracas between the two front rows , the Romanian hooker , Ion was viciously punched ( no-one could identify the perpetrator ) and suffering from blurred vision , had to be replaced at half-time .
The real Romanies are no problem , and they could be settled quite easily .
Bent by necessity to his labour , MacIan managed the heavy boat with real power and skill , and when at length he ran it up on a smoother part of the slope it caught and held so that they could clamber out , not sinking farther than their knees into the water and the shingle .
When I asked him what , if anything , I could do about it , he surprised me by referring me to the director of the hall .
They had by dint of being so very much together , got to speak to each other with a considerable portion of apparent indifference and calmness ; but he could not do it now .
If accepted , the appeal process could take as long as three years , according to reports .
We left the chateau early the following morning , each of us resplendent in whatever finery we could pluck from our wardrobes . 
His Aunt Barbara ' s interdiction had shut him out of the confectioner ' s shop ; but he flattered himself that he could outwit his aunt ; he therefore begged the gipsy to procure him twelve buns by Thursday morning , and bring them secretly to one of the windows of the schoolroom .
Mugabe exhorts them to remember the sacrifices made in the war for the sake of Zimbabwe , but young people are seldom interested in a previous generation 's sacrifices -- as he could have learned from history . 
It could have the same effect on Communists .
I could do very well without it .
They always chose an aisle seat so that Sweetheart could slip away to talk to her friends without disturbing anyone . 
This material proved to be unsatisfactory , since we could not obtain reproducible results on various portions of the sample .
`` Such bonds are very sensitive to the downside , and this could be a disaster . ''
She taught them to dislike idleness , and to wish that they could be useful .
The blindfolds were removed and their ankles were untied but it was minutes before they could stand , much less walk .
Could Beautie my Lord , haue better Comerce then your Honestie ?
In the eve-of-election euphoria , party aides had been confidently predicting that the Liberal Democrats could achieve a total of 29 or 30 seats . 
Last night financial experts hinted that Mr Lamont had been ordered to stay away because his return could cause panic in the City . 
It could be threatening to the group or at least bad manners for a lion or a wolf or a hyena to yelp and limp on twisting an ankle during a communal stalk . 
It is thought that the fire could affect the village of St Albans .
Microsoft could face major restructuring after a 30-month investigation by the US Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ) found the company guilty of distinctly unsporting behaviour .
He could n't understand what was going wrong -- although the economic climate was improving , his profits were plummeting . 
There can be no doubt , the Boston of that era could be exquisitely cruel in enforcing its canons of behavior .
U. S. spy agencies have not even had information that " you could validate historically , " the official said , meaning a tip on a previous Bin Laden location that could subsequently be verified .
I thought back to seeing the man in the hollow church and described his skin , his dark hair , the way that light seemed to flow around him , as best as I could .
I was awake for just a little while and I could tell -- ''
Assembled Angels , and ye Powers returned From unsuccessful charge ; be not dismayed , Nor troubled at these tidings from the earth , Which your sincerest care could not prevent ; Foretold so lately what would come to pass , When first this tempter crossed the gulf from Hell .
Many Labour MPs could not hide their glee at the SNP 's action , such is their antipathy to cross-party co-operation . 
If he had come at Christmas he could not have staid three days ; I was always glad he did not come at Christmas ; now we are going to have just the right weather for him , fine , dry , settled weather .
12 : 18 For ye are not come unto the mount that might be touched , and that burned with fire , nor unto blackness , and darkness , and tempest , 12 : 19 And the sound of a trumpet , and the voice of words ; which voice they that heard intreated that the word should not be spoken to them any more : 12 : 20 ( For they could not endure that which was commanded , And if so much as a beast touch the mountain , it shall be stoned , or thrust through with a dart : 12 : 21 And so terrible was the sight , that Moses said , I exceedingly fear and quake :) 12 : 22 But ye are come unto mount Sion , and unto the city of the living God , the heavenly Jerusalem , and to an innumerable company of angels , 12 : 23 To the general assembly and church of the firstborn , which are written in heaven , and to God the Judge of all , and to the spirits of just men made perfect , 12 : 24 And to Jesus the mediator of the new covenant , and to the blood of sprinkling , that speaketh better things than that of Abel .
But Yemen 's president says the FBI has told him the explosive material could only have come from the U.S. , Israel or two Arab countries . 
In fact , many of the accusations -- for example , that he was really trying to justify male philandering -- were simply preposterous , and others could be countered easily .
Numerous officers responded in order to help injured civilians and to urge those who could walk to vacate the area immediately .
How many games did these juvenile playmates begin and leave off , before Cecilia could be satisfied with any !
Moore warned just how physical the first meeting between the teams since 1984 could become , adding to fears that Botha could bury England with an avalanche of carelessly conceded penalties . 
As soon as he could think logically again he reached for the telephone directory and found Jerry Burton's home number .
We quickly ran into the same trouble that plagued Bill Ruger in his first experiments : Three or four bullets would be placed well in a six-inch bull at 100 yards and then , unaccountably , one could stray far out of the group .
Even at this short distance they were only vague shapes , setting up the machine gun on a small knoll so that it could fire above the heads of the rest of the patrol .
It was like a terrible dream ; he could not believe it true , he could not understand what had happened to him .
During this time , groups of as many as a dozen insurgents repeatedly approached U. S. positions in an apparent search for a seam through which they could escape , Poppas said .
These industrialists welcomed foreign capital , because they felt that it stimulated economic activity in general , from which they could all benefit ( Petras and Cook 1973 ) .
Though neither Henrietta , nor Louisa , nor Charles Hayter , nor Captain Wentworth were there , the room presented as strong a contrast as could be wished to the last state she had seen it in .
" Oh , nothing , not much ," said Susan ; " only that I wanted the egg in a great hurry for father , it would not have vexed me -- to be sure I should have clipped my guinea - hen ' s wings , and then she could not have flown over the hedge ; but let us think no more about it , now ," added she , twinkling away a tear .
There is something in this more then Naturall , if Philosophie could finde it out .
Of course On Thursday , Haney mailed the monthly check for separate maintenance to his wife Lolly , and wished the stranger could do something about her
But when impudent little Chatterer the Red Squirrel shouted the same thing from a place just out of reach in a big pine - tree , Buster could stand it no longer .
No cow thief could count on a jury of his sympathetic peers to free him any longer .
But Syme could only feel an unnatural buoyancy in his body and a crystal simplicity in his mind that seemed to be superior to everything that he said or did .
He could not be the person that broke these windows last night , for he was six miles off .
Before the Juniors entered the ring the Steward announced that after all Juniors had moved their dogs around the ring and set them up , they could relax with their dogs .
He could only watch with a sort of gentle dismay while his body did these quick , appalling , and efficient things .
Much to Beth 's disapproval , Cissie had lately taken to observing visitors through the narrow chink , seeming to derive great pleasure from the knowledge that they could not see her . 
As she walked into his cabin , she could smell the faint elusive fragrance that was uniquely his , a blend of soap , shower gel , and the heady musk of clean warm male . 
If it had been impossible for one reason or another to use a boat on the water I would have done the best I could with a plummet and noted what I could see from the banks .
He was quite as good - looking as he had appeared at Lyme , his countenance improved by speaking , and his manners were so exactly what they ought to be , so polished , so easy , so particularly agreeable , that she could compare them in excellence to only one person ' s manners .
" But I could earn something , though , I say ," cried Jem , proudly ; " and I WILL earn SOMETHING -- if it be ever so little , it will be SOMETHING -- and I shall do my very best ; so I will ."
The two of them had developed into a remarkable sailing team all of this happening in a time of their lives when their youth and their brotherhood knitted them together as no other time or circumstance could .
I figured I could stand practically anything for a couple of weeks .
The Chicheley-Smythes have bought an absolutely super villa in Sardinia and say we could rent it if we 'd like to . 
Behold , thou hast spoken and done evil things as thou couldest .
They could scarcely believe that she came to the Wells on account of her health .
As they had no policy grounds for changing sides during the ballot , had they done so people could have only interpreted their action as a betrayal of tribal identity . 
" I could find my way in the dark ."
Rush is one of that group of people who coalesced in the early 70s and saw the signs that the tide might be moving in the right direction , and that they could influence its course . 
Some people may sprint when they run , but I have seen people running for the bus who could not be described as sprinting . 
All too easily she could be in his arms and his bed , but two out of three was n't good enough .
Farmers who use illegal growth hormones on their cattle could be banned for life from receiving EC subsidies , according to proposals from the European Commission .
Enoch Powell derided the bill as an absurdity : you could n't just invent a second chamber . 
12 : 33 Of Zebulun , such as went forth to battle , expert in war , with all instruments of war , fifty thousand , which could keep rank : they were not of double heart .
Only here and there , as I walked past the seafront hotels , I could see the occasional lighted window .
He could feel himself falling in with it and being unable to get out .
With that bright tone ringing in his ears George pedalled back home as fast as he could go , arriving there in under five minutes . 
To show whether simultaneous consideration of different morphometric measurements could discriminate between differently treated groups , the data were analysed by discriminant analysis . 
` Even if she fell from her bike she could be paralysed , " a shocked Janet was told .
He could have snapped her neck with one hand , he thought pityingly . 
They commanded the whole garden and the whole country - side , and could have blown to pieces an army corps .
She spoke quite often of snowy landscapes glimpsed through carriage windows and small hands curled up in a muff made of grey fur , even though she could not have been more than three at the time . 
The wood down there , below the water line , was spongy and rotten : she could see it crumbling away in his hands .
He rose from his enormous desk and lit a big cigar -- it could n't have been a Havana -- and strutted around his vast office like a peacock , admiring his reflection in the long mirror .
The arms of the combatants tired that they could scarcely wield the battledores .
We could never do that with Argentine ponies : they just bolted in terror . 
His great sermons warned of the dangers of being controversial and subjective but confirmed that the movies could greatly increase their emotional power as a story-telling medium by developing a surer sense of society . 
Had he been in his right senses , he could not have thought of such a thing as begging you to give away half your fortune from your own child ."
" He means that this land has not been ploughed before ; it will be hard to turn the soil , and one horse could not pull the plough ," said her father .
The advertising watchdog body upheld the complaints saying the notices could cause ` grave distress " . 
Dark-haired girls could dye their hair blond , but no trace of the original color was permitted to show .
9 : 33 If this man were not of God , he could do nothing .
Holman could n't help but smile .
Our first minor disagreement of this kind came when we met a large puddle on a woodland track and Skipper decided he could n't possibly get his feet wet . 
I sat by the phone and rang as many of them as I could , reassuring the ones who were home . 
The need for guidance is not , of course , restricted to the female sex , and it could be very tricky trying to distinguish the essential differences between male and female archetypes of the guide . 
Now it was Ferreira 's turn to show his frustration , often slamming his racket to the ground in anger as he could only muster 11 points in a set lasting only 20 minutes .
I could not bear to have Henry supplanted .-- Mr . Knightley marry !-- No , I have never had such an idea , and I cannot adopt it now .
While she with the truest affection had been planning a most eligible connection for him , was it to be supposed that he could be all the time secretly engaged to another person !-- such a suspicion could never have entered her head !
" Then you can buy another with that ," said Laura , dropping the half - guinea into her hand ; and she shut the window before the child could find words to thank her , but not before she saw a look of joy and gratitude , which gave Laura more pleasure probably than all the praise which could have been bestowed upon her generosity .
The five of us stared at the ungracious guest and , for the first time that evening , I wondered what could possibly be coming next . 
Angel could not accept his father 's narrow religious beliefs , but he loved him for his courage . 
Well do they do their jobs those journeymen divine , Only from me can they hide nothing , and would not if they could , I reckon I am their boss and they make me a pet besides , And surround me and lead me and run ahead when I walk , To lift their cunning covers to signify me with stretch ' d arms , and resume the way ; Onward we move , a gay gang of blackguards !
` How could it have happened ? " he yelled . 
Russian or Chinese supply of nuclear power reactors , allowed by the NPT , could enhance Iran 's limited nuclear infrastructure and advance its nuclear weapons program .
His knowledge of airships was at a premium , and his reputation had been enhanced by his patented invention of a carburettor that could burn hydrogen which was otherwise wasted on airship operations . 
They 'd brought a poor young woman with a baby in a pushchair and we traipsed all around , in and out of houses , it was bitterly cold , and at the end of the exercise I felt we could have saved a hell of a lot of time . 
The powerful microphone I could press against the wall between my motel unit and that occupied by the man would bring in the sound of any conversation , and I was positively nauseated I was so hungry .
So we could perhaps make a case for offering curatorial protection to artefactual software by regarding it as part of the contextual and functional extension of hardware without which technical history would be incomplete . 
But ere the first wild alarm could get out abroad among the crew , the old man with a rigid laugh exclaimed , " I have it !
Freed from the necessity to concentrate on the road , she could have admired the sweep of the rolling scenery of broad fields dotted with cattle , and tree-crowned hills .
Their union , she believed , could not divide her more from other men , than their final separation .
When the train started Jasper put his mouth over the tip and realized he could n't light the cigarette because the end was outside . 
He peremptorily denied for example , that any whale could so smite his stout sloop - of - war as to cause her to leak so much as a thimbleful .
I am sure you will be glad to hear , as likewise dear Mrs . Jennings , I spent two happy hours with him yesterday afternoon , he would not hear of our parting , though earnestly did I , as I thought my duty required , urge him to it for prudence sake , and would have parted for ever on the spot , would he consent to it ; but he said it should never be , he did not regard his mother ' s anger , while he could have my affections ; our prospects are not very bright , to be sure , but we must wait , and hope for the best ; he will be ordained shortly ; and should it ever be in your power to recommend him to any body that has a living to bestow , am very sure you will not forget us , and dear Mrs . Jennings too , trust she will speak a good word for us to Sir John , or Mr . Palmer , or any friend that may be able to assist us .-- Poor Anne was much to blame for what she did , but she did it for the best , so I say nothing ; hope Mrs . Jennings won ' t think it too much trouble to give us a call , should she come this way any morning , ' twould be a great kindness , and my cousins would be proud to know her .-- My paper reminds me to conclude ; and begging to be most gratefully and respectfully remembered to her , and to Sir John , and Lady Middleton , and the dear children , when you chance to see them , and love to Miss Marianne ,
` How could my father leave ? " she breathed , her face shining . 
The sensation he so overwhelmingly realized was one which told him he had been there before but he knew he had not , and could not recall any place he had visited to be likened to the limpid green water or the little fountain-falls or the green demon imprisoned beyond his reach .
The clubs could attempt the task , and indeed their origins include the desire on the part of settlement workers to preach the virtues of citizenship , just as Scouting did more than twenty years later . 
In the morning , when he got up , his hands trembled , his spirits flagged , he could do nothing until he had taken a dram -- an operation which he was obliged to repeat several times in the course of the day , as all those wretched people MUST who once acquire this habit .
Long and low-ceilinged , with an enormous open fireplace , it exuded warmth and the sort of comfortable feel that a perfectly decorated interior could give when it was neither pretentious nor over-grand for the surroundings . 
The supernatural beings of the Sinhalese could be manipulated by humans so as to influence events , but their ethical position was ambiguous . 
For instance , when I was first in Britain , I saw all the sights , I could travel on the tube and no-one recognised me .
I could see she was shocked .
So , if you are aged 18 and over and have healthy hair that 's in fabulous condition , you could be the lucky winner of this year 's title . 
She did not reflect that only a few weeks ago she would have thought it impossible that she could have lived the life of a servant , let alone bear eating and drinking in the den in which Rose and her ma lived , but she did know one thing -- she would never take her comfortable life for granted again . 
_We_ have carriages to fetch and convey her home , and _we_ live in a style which could not make the addition of Jane Fairfax , at any time , the least inconvenient .-- I should be extremely displeased if Wright were to send us up such a dinner , as could make me regret having asked _more_ than Jane Fairfax to partake of it .
There is fear that their expansion could further undercut the state 's authority in this nuclear-armed nation .
Most of the ` masters " of torture said that they had been fighting a desperate unseen war , whose atmosphere could not be imagined by people from democracies . 
Bab could descend , without shame , whenever it suited her purposes , from the height of insolent pride to the lowest meanness of fawning familiarity .
Margery planned that , so that she could look into the garden from the front , but have it shut away from the vegetable patch by the tall flowers on the sides .
More experiences and sights , stranger , than you ' d think for ; Times again , now mostly just after sunrise or before sunset , Sometimes in spring , oftener in autumn , perfectly clear weather , in plain sight , Camps far or near , the crowded streets of cities and the shopfronts , ( Account for it or not -- credit or not -- it is all true , And my mate there could tell you the like -- we have often confab ' d about it ,) People and scenes , animals , trees , colors and lines , plain as could be , Farms and dooryards of home , paths border ' d with box , lilacs in corners , Weddings in churches , thanksgiving dinners , returns of long - absent sons , Glum funerals , the crape - veil ' d mother and the daughters , Trials in courts , jury and judge , the accused in the box , Contestants , battles , crowds , bridges , wharves , Now and then mark ' d faces of sorrow or joy , ( I could pick them out this moment if I saw them again ,) Show ' d to me -- just to the right in the sky - edge , Or plainly there to the left on the hill - tops .
Hair is a marvellous natural fibre -- you could almost compare it to pure silk thread . 
Her brother was still more vexed than she was , that she could not find a place near him .
She comforted her father better than she could comfort herself , by representing that though he certainly would make them nine , yet he always said so little , that the increase of noise would be very immaterial .
Whatever the truth of it might be , and far as Elinor was from feeling thorough contentment about it , yet while she saw Marianne in spirits , she could not be very uncomfortable herself .
Nor was it mainly caused by the increasing importance of symphony and sonata , a field in which such fine musicians as Boccherini and Clementi could hardly rival their Germanic contemporaries . 
Children who were required to go out to work at fourteen , that is , the great majority of British teenagers , could hardly be blamed for assuming the right to lead their lives as they saw fit . 
There was a blank stillness for a measurable time , so that they could hear far off a flower - girl ' s laugh outside Charing Cross , and someone whistling furiously for a taxicab in one of the streets off the Strand .
Such was the state of his mouth , that he could hardly speak ; but mumbling something about his being willing and able to do what the captain dared not attempt , he snatched the rope and advanced to his pinioned foe .
Castle Drachenfels could provide a mind-numbing complication to add to the events of Empire in Flames . 
Oh , how he wished he were the monster once more , so that he could kill the men and rescue her !
There was even an Irish site destroyed for its own survival rather like the descendant of the prophet who was crushed to death so a shrine could be raised to his memory . 
` Would you like some coffee and then we could talk ? " 
Maggie had developed a raging thirst and wondered if she could get a drink at the Commemorative Hall . 
Not only did this geezer Kev Knowles agree to turn out for us , he also said he would look after the programme as long as he could incorporate a number of religious tracts .
` But I knew I wanted to do more cakes and could do much more interesting things .
It was a flimsy pretext and might not get me anywhere , but it was the best I could do at such short notice .
They suggested several new foods , and usually I found them good , except the sweets , which I think I could learn to like .
How could you be so unfeeling to Miss Bates ?
I am not convinced , despite contentions by some , that even with increased resourcing this positive provision could be recreated for many children in their home and community settings . 
Bienville , who returned to succeed Perier in 1732 , objected that the merchants would not accept the responsibility of managing a trade in which they could see no hope of profits .
The best they could do was to patch the gold nightingale up so that it could sing once a year ; even that was almost too much , and the tune was very shaky .
In the distance she could hear the soporific music . 
I could simply get him to escape .
It is possible that , while we lose the administrative costs incurred by property valuation , we could easily replace them with the valuations of the poll tax for many different households .
The face of Father Brown was commonplace , but curiously contented ; it could shine with ignorance as well as with knowledge .
Before he could return to his chair , it was taken by Mrs . Weston .
I should not care what sort of mats they were , so that one could wipe one ' s feet on them ."
However , it could also arise from a monomer in combination with another cellular factor .
That ' s what he did , and nobody else could have saved poor James .
Nothing wild or unfamiliar could have produced upon Turnbull such a nightmare impression as that ring of familiar faces .
She is canny and determined , and her talent is so special that she could be running her workshop from an oil rig in the North Sea -- people would buy her work just the same . 
The flamboyant and publicity-conscious Mr. Belli says he already has investigators looking into who could be held liable for the damage on the Bay Bridge and the interstate approaching it .
Only those sequence traces derived from repetitive DNA that could be associated with their unique mate pairs were included in our assemblies .
Though aware , before she began it , that it must bring a confession of his inconstancy , and confirm their separation for ever , she was not aware that such language could be suffered to announce it ; nor could she have supposed Willoughby capable of departing so far from the appearance of every honourable and delicate feeling -- so far from the common decorum of a gentleman , as to send a letter so impudently cruel : a letter which , instead of bringing with his desire of a release any professions of regret , acknowledged no breach of faith , denied all peculiar affection whatever -- a letter of which every line was an insult , and which proclaimed its writer to be deep in hardened villainy .
He was more frightened than he had been in all the time he had been with them , and he could tell that the girl was frightened too , by her quick , shallow breathing . 
It was so with Elizabeth , still the same handsome Miss Elliot that she had begun to be thirteen years ago , and Sir Walter might be excused , therefore , in forgetting her age , or , at least , be deemed only half a fool , for thinking himself and Elizabeth as blooming as ever , amidst the wreck of the good looks of everybody else ; for he could plainly see how old all the rest of his family and acquaintance were growing .
You could hire taxis , or go the whole hog and hire a chauffeur-driven car for the day .
Louise was astonished by the sudden improvement ; she could feel the warmth returning to her father 's limbs and see his breathing becoming easier every moment . 
She was young and strong and beautiful , and could not remain sad for long .
I could see the hunched-up shoulders , the savage determination , the dance of his feet as he ground the snake with his heels , and the pirouette of his arms as he whipped at it with the stick .
Still , the taboos have been the source of much mirth : the stand-up 's traditional reliance on smut and mothers-in-law could only exist in a largely sex-negative society .
In some ways , thought the rector , observing the cock on St Andrew 's spire gilded with the setting sun , one could have no better epitaph . 
It is not advisable to give the dog free run of the car , however , simply because it could damage the interior , by scratching the upholstery , for example , if it wants to come out at first light before you are awake .
Maggie 's face was glowing pink and she was glad that Ana could not see her . 
And because he was slightly dim , or at least vulnerable and kind and easily led , being one of the few people I could mock and dominate with impunity , we became mates . 
But the chromosomes could be carriers of the genes , and , since chromosomes are threads , it was reasonable to guess that the genes are arranged along the chromosomes , like beads on a string . 
` We could n't think where you were , " said my mother , ` we hunted for you for hours . " 
Or else it could indicate genuine remorse , and , even more important , an acknowledgement of Esau 's status as the elder brother . 
He studied how seeds could be carried in the mud clinging to the feet of birds , and also experimented on how long seeds could remain immersed in salt water and still be fertile .
The second policeman managed to get a shot off in panic , but before he could take aim properly , one of the skinheads smashed his shoulder with a baseball bat and knocked him down the aisle steps . 
Most of the Rebels got away since they could make better time through the stiff brush than their naked pursuers .
He realised that he was , in fact , looking at a man , so heavily clothed , hatted and booted in furs that he could have made a fortune doing tricks at the Glasgow Fair . 
Moss 's loyalty to British manufacturers like Cooper , Jaguar , Frazer-Nash and ERA certainly hindered his early progress as they could not provide cars good enough to compete with the European manufacturers .
Rehearsals on the Sheffield play did n't actually begin till two days later , but she 'd promised to be there as soon as she could to discuss make-up with the director .
Occasionally , for no reason that I could see , they would suddenly alter the angle of their trot .
The Roth plan would create a new , non-deductible IRA from which money could be withdrawn tax-free not only for retirement , but also for the purchase of a first home , education expenses and medical expenses .
I want to thank Mum and Dad for throwing this lovely party so that you could meet Annabelle and her family ( or Steven and his family ) . 
I think I could be excused for my mistake .
All hands were now called to clear away the supper things , to erect these forms perpendicularly under the trap - door ; and with the assistance of a few braces , a chevaux - de - frise was formed , upon which nobody could venture to descend .
Anyone could be arrested and accused of communist sympathies ; such a person would be tried by a special court consisting of four judges from which no appeal was allowed . 
He could not fault the appearance of the almost-finished uniform , and he understood nothing of the tailor 's craft . 
Smiles came from within , they were n't just a facial movement , and she stared at him assessingly as she wondered how she could have been such a fool .
' That ' s nothing to what I could say if I chose ,' the Duchess replied , in a pleased tone .
Of course , there were books about which nothing good could be said .
Upon Lady Russell ' s appearance soon afterwards , the whole party was collected , and all that remained was to marshal themselves , and proceed into the Concert Room ; and be of all the consequence in their power , draw as many eyes , excite as many whispers , and disturb as many people as they could .
Harriet said , " very true ," and she " would not think about it ;" but still she talked of it -- still she could talk of nothing else ; and Emma , at last , in order to put the Martins out of her head , was obliged to hurry on the news , which she had meant to give with so much tender caution ; hardly knowing herself whether to rejoice or be angry , ashamed or only amused , at such a state of mind in poor Harriet -- such a conclusion of Mr . Elton ' s importance with her !
He could be executed at any time . 
What could be better than getting a tad more income from them -LRB- the plus -RRB- than other people ?
Miss Marianne had heard so often from Mrs . Tattle that she was very charming , that she could not help believing it ; and from being a very pleasing , unaffected little girl , she in a short time grew so conceited , that she could neither speak , look , nor be silent without imagining that everybody was , or ought to be , looking at her ; and when Mrs . Theresa saw that Mrs . Montague looked very grave upon these occasions , she , to repair the ill she had done , would say , after praising Marianne ' s hair or her eyes , " Oh , but little ladies should never think about their beauty , you know .
So sure that money could do anything ! !
So far as he knew , only his father could be there .
He said the bank could n't wait any longer for prices to recover and for borrowers to service their loans .
Anne could not have supposed it possible that her first evening in Camden Place could have passed so well !
Clearly , an accurate account of the effects of social policy in the area of juvenile crime could not be undertaken by reference solely to official statistics .
I could tear you in two , but I 'm not really here . 
That way , by walking between the long tables as if on a tour of inspection , they could view the prospects without embarrassment . 
Unfortunately , this does not prove that retinoic acid is the signal : it could be that it merely mimics the true signal . 
She could not bear to see him suffering , to know him fancying himself neglected ; and though her understanding almost acquiesced in the assurance of both the Mr . Knightleys , that when once the event were over , his distress would be soon over too , she hesitated -- she could not proceed .
The ratification of similar treaties with Latvia and Estonia could be jeopardized , according to Shelov-Kovedyayev , by language and draft citizenship laws .
The provisions , in deficit-reduction bills recently passed by the House and Senate , could further cool the takeover boom that has been the driving force behind the bull market in stocks for much of the 1980s , some tax experts and investment bankers argue .
The price of land was soaring , and developers could make a tidy profit by demolishing them and replacing them with something modern .
And , initiative succeeding , brighter futures for 15 million people in the North of England could light up a new way to many more .
She could see fly across his face a whole sequence of emotions and responses . 
His pleasure in music , though it amounted not to that ecstatic delight which alone could sympathize with her own , was estimable when contrasted against the horrible insensibility of the others ; and she was reasonable enough to allow that a man of five and thirty might well have outlived all acuteness of feeling and every exquisite power of enjoyment .
First , it never occurred to him to doubt that the President and his Council could crush him if he continued to stand alone .
He wanted to animate her curiosity again as to how and where he could have heard her formerly praised ; wanted very much to be gratified by more solicitation ; but the charm was broken : he found that the heat and animation of a public room was necessary to kindle his modest cousin ' s vanity ; he found , at least , that it was not to be done now , by any of those attempts which he could hazard among the too - commanding claims of the others .
He could not grasp that Lord had withdrawn from the fight minutes ago , and that his leaden arms were flailing at nothing but the air .
At least he could buy the equipment for his workshop .
Such a conclusion could not pass unanswered by Mrs . Weston .
As is the case with its farming and defence policies , the current budgetary arrangements of the EEC simply could not survive a substantial enlargement of the Community . 
It could not really be fulfilled .
` The only car apart from a Rolls-Royce that he could fit into was an extra large Range Rover , " says the driver , who also tells hair-raising tales of ferrying Maxwell about town . 
A great variety of techniques for controlling insects are now available , and , sensibly co-ordinated , they could safely and effectively keep pests under control . 
He also speaks of Franklin D. Roosevelt's `` puerile '' assumption that `` if only he ( Stalin ) could be exposed to the persuasive charm of someone like F.D.R. himself , ideological preconceptions would melt and Russia's co-operation with the West could be easily arranged '' .
She heard him , incredulously , go on to tell her she could take herself off .
The poor little thing was snorting like a steam - engine when she caught it , and kept doubling itself up and straightening itself out again , so that altogether , for the first minute or two , it was as much as she could do to hold it .
No farmer ' s garden could have looked better than the great garden of the desert valley .
how I could hug them , with their brown faces and their clothes and knapsacks cover ' d with dust !)
A woman and her adopted son could face at least five years in a Turkish jail after being accused of possessing drugs and pornographic videos . 
You could take me to St. Peter's '' .
His rock was special because no one on the beach could see him here .
Could ye not ?
` Could it be that any living creature has its inception with the creation of a discontinuity in space ( a vortex ) through which life energy flows , sweeping biological molecules , matter , and perhaps even entire embryos along with it in predictable , spiral trajectories ?
The dream must be borne with , and Mr . Knightley must take his seat with the rest round the large modern circular table which Emma had introduced at Hartfield , and which none but Emma could have had power to place there and persuade her father to use , instead of the small - sized Pembroke , on which two of his daily meals had , for forty years been crowded .
Hazel crouched down by Blackberry and laid his nostrils close to Bigwig 's , but a light breeze was blowing and he could not tell whether there was breath or not . 
Elinor had some difficulty here to refrain from observing , that she thought Fanny might have borne with composure , an acquisition of wealth to her brother , by which neither she nor her child could be possibly impoverished .
In this and everything else each man was opposite and neither could be called inferior .
I know every square inch of your delectable flesh , Miss Williams , so well that I could paint every luscious curve from memory . "
These little songs , however , were sweet nothings from the heart , tender memories of his childhood , little melodies that anyone could hum and that would make one want to weep .
Mrs. Benington admired Gordon's spirit and did what she could to persuade her husband that the boy might help the team .
If the people of the barrel - organ could keep their old - world obligations , so could he .
Even a prince whose parentage was known could not be certain of succeeding his father , especially if his mother had been discarded from the royal bed . 
Now there could be an end to pretending .
How could History have failed to bring about an end to history ?
Elinor could not NOW be made unhappy by this behaviour .-- A few months ago it would have hurt her exceedingly ; but it was not in Mrs . Ferrars ' power to distress her by it now ;-- and the difference of her manners to the Miss Steeles , a difference which seemed purposely made to humble her more , only amused her .
Perhaps you couldn't do that but have you ever tried to see what you could do with a hunk of wood ? ?
The evening before this great event ( for it was a very great event that Mr . Woodhouse should dine out , on the 24th of December ) had been spent by Harriet at Hartfield , and she had gone home so much indisposed with a cold , that , but for her own earnest wish of being nursed by Mrs . Goddard , Emma could not have allowed her to leave the house .
Nobody wanted Americans to be hurt or captured , and few soldiers could be spared as escorts .
Asik became angry as he thought of all the people in his village who could have been saved by the fruit in the lorry which had just passed him , throwing up bucketfuls of dust into his face . 
no "-- and Emma could just catch the words , " so superior to Mr .
and could not we bring them all to you ?
The Controller had countered by pointing out that the loss of the street trade alone in the Manhattan area , until control and distribution could be re-established , would cost them millions in lost revenue . 
While Juliana could n't be objective about herself , we instantly saw her potential .
He had the air of congratulating himself on having brought such a woman to Highbury , as not even Miss Woodhouse could equal ; and the greater part of her new acquaintance , disposed to commend , or not in the habit of judging , following the lead of Miss Bates ' s good - will , or taking it for granted that the bride must be as clever and as agreeable as she professed herself , were very well satisfied ; so that Mrs . Elton ' s praise passed from one mouth to another as it ought to do , unimpeded by Miss Woodhouse , who readily continued her first contribution and talked with a good grace of her being " very pleasant and very elegantly dressed ."
Where no match is found , the travel office ( or certifying officer ) could request the hotel receipts to verify outoftown lodging costs .
She certainly looked Japanese , and perhaps she could not really blame the young men .
And once again his eyes flicked past my shoulders , as if he could see something inside the trees . 
The omission might look peculiar to outsiders , but Andy could not bring himself to go through the motions simply for the sake of appearances .
if I could but play as well as you and Miss Fairfax !"
How else could Chuck have outdone Jack Lemmon in Some Like It Hot ? 
Mrs . Weston was acting no part , feigning no feelings in all that she said to him in favour of the event .-- She had been extremely surprized , never more so , than when Emma first opened the affair to her ; but she saw in it only increase of happiness to all , and had no scruple in urging him to the utmost .-- She had such a regard for Mr . Knightley , as to think he deserved even her dearest Emma ; and it was in every respect so proper , suitable , and unexceptionable a connexion , and in one respect , one point of the highest importance , so peculiarly eligible , so singularly fortunate , that now it seemed as if Emma could not safely have attached herself to any other creature , and that she had herself been the stupidest of beings in not having thought of it , and wished it long ago .-- How very few of those men in a rank of life to address Emma would have renounced their own home for Hartfield !
For a moment animosity was swept away by mutual interest and , as she led him towards the recovery cage , she felt a pang of regret that their relationship could not be friendly . 
It was a good report , he did all he could to make it a good report .
He plunged towards the door , and before Cassie could stop him , had wrenched it open and stormed out into the hall , crashing the door shut behind him . 
I wore black stockings , tight skirts from Leeds C & A cheaper separates , the largest black sweater I could find and black high heels . 
No-one could accuse him of having a truly awful game at Windsor but we still await the ` big one " from Michael on Ulster soil . 
'' The strong US public support for NATO 's intervention could weaken in the face of indecisiveness , '' it said .
The nomes crouched where they could , listening fearfully to the sounds above them . 
` There was very little he could do about the horrendous injuries Cooper suffered in his two fights against Ali , but he saved him on countless other occasions with his quick , methodical work . " 
She wished she could share her glee with Adam . 
At least he could climb up on the fence when his tormenters roared by again .
Radio broadcasts , however -- now that even plain people could afford `` loud speakers '' on their sets -- held old fans to the major-league races and attracted new ones , chiefly women , who through what the philosopher called the ineluctable modality of audition , became first inured , then attracted , then addicted to the long afternoon recitals of the doings in some distant baseball park .
I could hardly believe such good luck was mine .
Such an interpretation could not be justified by a construction of the statute alone ; ;
Jack Byrne , the chairman of Fireman 's Fund Corp. , which is based in Novato , Calif. , estimates insured losses resulting the earthquake could total $ 2 billion .
Private Eye had been threatened with closure because it could n't afford the libel payment .
No objection was raised on the father ' s side ; the young man was treated liberally ; it was all as it should be : and as Emma became acquainted with Robert Martin , who was now introduced at Hartfield , she fully acknowledged in him all the appearance of sense and worth which could bid fairest for her little friend .
The alternative approach to treating an infectious disease , by means of chemotherapy , made little progress until viruses could be grown and studied in cultures outside living organisms . 
Nothing could do away the knowledge of what the latter had suffered through his means , nor remove the guilt of his conduct towards Eliza .
With the power of her eyes alone she had compelled a glass of water to tip and spill its contents over the horrible Headmistress , and anybody who could do that could do anything .
Dost thou heare , Since my deere Soule was Mistris of my choyse , And could of men distinguish , her election Hath seal ' d thee for her selfe .
So a quick count could be made at any time , even by an illiterate clerk , of the number of registered persons in four age-and-sex classes .
In spite of all her faults , she knew she was dear to him ; might she not say , very dear ?-- When the suggestions of hope , however , which must follow here , presented themselves , she could not presume to indulge them .
How could she save him from death ?
She could not endure to give him the true explanation ; for though her suspicions were by no means removed , she was really ashamed of having ever imparted them .
He was clutching his attaché case as usual and I could see he was strolling slowly along the path that runs the outer perimeter of the lawn , deeply absorbed in thought . 
I could sense Lili turning her head to look at me , but the urge to talk , to confess , had left me as suddenly as it had come . 
This softened the skin so that in the morning when the bandage was removed the corn could be scraped off and a bit of corn plaster put on .
Alas the day , What good could they pretend ?
As his wife , as his Louise , had slipped , there was no friend with whom he could share the sorrow he felt over his son . 
" I never knew you could run so fast !
Possible upshots : The company could be denied a deduction for its pension payments , or those payments for the wife and other employes could be ruled taxable to them in the year made .
Noting the complaints of inventors and members of the patent bar , he admitted that some of the strictures `` were fairly well founded '' , but he added that under existing rules the courts could not consolidate testimony in a group of suits involving separate infringements of the same patent .
Yet constant supervision and guidance would be costly in personnel and could retard the development of independence and initiative in the learner . 
" Well , then , it was impossible you could mean to trick that poor man out of his good hat ."
Denise McDonald , a spokeswoman for MADD , says , `` It 's scary , because anybody could do this . ''
It was reported on Nov. 30 , 1989 , that the then Hungarian Trade Minister , Tamas Beck had revealed that Hungary was pressing the US to relax COCOM controls so that it could upgrade its telecommunications industry . 
She asked the Secretary of State to hold an inquiry at which parties could be heard and witnesses examined .
Suddenly he walked back to me and said I ought to avenge my father 's death and that he could help me . 
The flight crew aborted the takeoff , however , could not stop the aircraft on the wet runway . 
A brightly decked hall packed with supporters whom he could greet on first terms -- in front of the cameras , of course -- seemed an ideal location for a major pronouncement on schools policy . 
And the way she figures it , the sexy new hue could outshine old favourites white , black and beige . 
Mrs . Jennings was delighted with her gratitude , and only wondered that after hearing such a sentence , the Colonel should be able to take leave of them , as he immediately did , with the utmost sang - froid , and go away without making her any reply !-- She had not thought her old friend could have made so indifferent a suitor .
We could go away for a weekend together , we could ; we could wake up next morning and eat croissants and drink coffee from blue china bowls . 
They do not understand how a small magazine with no advertising and no newsstand sale could have achieved such a following .
Bolivian political parties rejected a statement of Jan. 27 , 1990 , from Chile 's Foreign Minister-designate Enrique Silva Cimma that problems with Bolivia could be solved independently of the sea outlet issue .
So when Elsa grew up , she did not know how to do anything ; she could not make bread , she could not sweep a room , she could not sew a seam ; she could only laugh and sing .
Though they had now been acquainted a month , she could not be satisfied that she really knew his character .
I fancied that you could feel them , and roll them about in you after they were swallowed .
Speechless for a moment , Ashley could not decide whether to scream , cross her arms protectively over her chest , or to hit him . 
There she had listened to Henrietta ' s schemes for Dr Shirley ' s leaving Uppercross ; farther on , she had first seen Mr Elliot ; a moment seemed all that could now be given to any one but Louisa , or those who were wrapt up in her welfare .
Because of its importance , and because the lack of price competition is well recognized , the industry is under considerable public pressure not to raise its price any more than could be justified by cost increases .
What could rescue the bill would be some quick progress on a bill amending the National Defense Education Act of 1958 .
So I was thinking , when you go she could move into my room and I could have yours . " 
Aside from those more obvious considerations touching Moby Dick , which could not but occasionally awaken in any man ' s soul some alarm , there was another thought , or rather vague , nameless horror concerning him , which at times by its intensity completely overpowered all the rest ; and yet so mystical and well nigh ineffable was it , that I almost despair of putting it in a comprehensible form .
What was more , I could understand what the men were saying ; although their accents were strange , their French was perfectly comprehensible .
Divisional Fire Officer Brian Bell , who led a 25-strong team at the scene said : ` If just one tanker of acid had spilled , it could have wiped away half of North Tees . " 
If it could still be shown that it remains an effective expression of democracy , that would indeed be a reason ; for any diminution of democracy is deplorable . 
Could it now transpire , wondrously , that his private entreaty to the Godfather of All had only begun to be granted ? 
'' If his mission fails , he will have the full moral right to say , 'I did all I could ' ; and if he succeeds , the rewards would be tremendous . ''
The constant attention of Mr . and Mrs . Henry Dashwood to his wishes , which proceeded not merely from interest , but from goodness of heart , gave him every degree of solid comfort which his age could receive ; and the cheerfulness of the children added a relish to his existence .
Could nice ( youngish ) females find it in their souls to converse on paper ? 
He devised an experiment to ascertain whether salivation could occur in the absence of any obvious physical cause . 
those who could talk declared it to be the breathing of Captain Alvarez .
So I think we might as well go , because we could not refuse , if we would , I say ."
Hope had written an evasive reply which he would frank and give to George Wood to post for him but he doubted that he could deter him for much longer . 
Now , I could count on the thumbs of my right hand the times I 've forgotten myself in a theatre . 
9 : 3 For I could wish that myself were accursed from Christ for my brethren , my kinsmen according to the flesh : 9 : 4 Who are Israelites ; to whom pertaineth the adoption , and the glory , and the covenants , and the giving of the law , and the service of God , and the promises ; 9 : 5 Whose are the fathers , and of whom as concerning the flesh Christ came , who is over all , God blessed for ever .
Their party was now farther reduced ; for Mr . Palmer , though very unwilling to go as well from real humanity and good - nature , as from a dislike of appearing to be frightened away by his wife , was persuaded at last by Colonel Brandon to perform his promise of following her ; and while he was preparing to go , Colonel Brandon himself , with a much greater exertion , began to talk of going likewise .-- Here , however , the kindness of Mrs . Jennings interposed most acceptably ; for to send the Colonel away while his love was in so much uneasiness on her sister ' s account , would be to deprive them both , she thought , of every comfort ; and therefore telling him at once that his stay at Cleveland was necessary to herself , that she should want him to play at piquet of an evening , while Miss Dashwood was above with her sister , & c . she urged him so strongly to remain , that he , who was gratifying the first wish of his own heart by a compliance , could not long even affect to demur ; especially as Mrs . Jennings ' s entreaty was warmly seconded by Mr . Palmer , who seemed to feel a relief to himself , in leaving behind him a person so well able to assist or advise Miss Dashwood in any emergence .
The two industrial giants are separately probably the two largest buyers of personal computers in corporate America , and in alliance could drive the prices they get to below cost ; the proposed alliance would also set stricter terms on speed of delivery and on quality of service . 
Before memory , too , clouds over , let us make a note or two of what could be seen .
He thought : Where the hell could he have gone ? ?
THE worst drought in Britain for 200 years could spell disaster for wildlife in some parts of the country , but locally , there is no cause for alarm -- yet . 
9 : 17 And one of the multitude answered and said , Master , I have brought unto thee my son , which hath a dumb spirit ; 9 : 18 And wheresoever he taketh him , he teareth him : and he foameth , and gnasheth with his teeth , and pineth away : and I spake to thy disciples that they should cast him out ; and they could not .
We held hands all the way through Live Aid , having not spoken to each other for a week , and then rushed off to the Post Office as soon as we could with our three pounds . 
Yet so miserably had he conducted himself , that though she was at this present time ( the summer of 1814 ) wearing black ribbons for his wife , she could not admit him to be worth thinking of again .
The analyst noted that , since these were first time pregnancies , the increase in complications with age could not be attributed to parity .
One of his forebears could have won the support of Wilfrid . 
" Why could not you , any of you , stay one minute to help me ?"
taken with other details it could have referred to a state of mental or spiritual confinement .
`` You'd be the one to say '' , he observed , and she found herself liking his approval none too well , but she could not defend herself and say that her actions were `` different '' , since all actions had their own laws .
Society has the right , according to Devlin , to protect itself from immoral acts , and these acts are immoral if , by definition , every ` right-minded " person could be assumed to consider them so . 
The winter passed away , while she was so weak that she could earn but little by her work ; and when the summer came , her rent was called for , and the rent was not ready in her little purse as usual .
In a little while the housework was going smoothly , and Elsa could laugh and sing again .
All I ventured to remark or suggest was , that as there was some talk of Mr . Talbot ' s being captain to - morrow , I didn ' t conceive how he could well appear without any dress .
If she could not take the children out of this section , at least she could take other children out of their countries and put them on the farms .
She could see that it took real skill and strength to keep the line even , and to avoid the stones .
Both men were dubious about how long someone would be able to endure in the winter , equally they could think of no alternative . 
Even as he could feel the breath of his pursuers on his neck he had thrown himself forward into the safety of her arms -- only to discover that it was not after all Katherine , but Edward , wearing the uniform of a KGB officer , a wicked snarl on his face , with his hands held out to strangle him . 
The day begins early and hours of endless sunshine stretch ahead with miles of perfect beach just yards from the Club , the dedicated sunbather could n't wish for more . 
What is the Taj Mahal or the Golden Gate Bridge to a living force with arteries so huge a child could crawl along them ? 
The Upper Bann MP said unionists wanted Mr Hume to end his dialogue with Sinn Fein , before any fresh talks could be considered . 
A shower of dust sprinkled his face but before he could react the gunman leaped onto him from a ledge on the wall . 
Then both betook themselves briskly to one of the little tables under the chestnuts opposite , where they procured two tall glasses of horrible green absinthe , which they could drink apparently in any weather and at any time .
While he spoke , Emma ' s mind was most busy , and , with all the wonderful velocity of thought , had been able -- and yet without losing a word -- to catch and comprehend the exact truth of the whole ; to see that Harriet ' s hopes had been entirely groundless , a mistake , a delusion , as complete a delusion as any of her own -- that Harriet was nothing ; that she was every thing herself ; that what she had been saying relative to Harriet had been all taken as the language of her own feelings ; and that her agitation , her doubts , her reluctance , her discouragement , had been all received as discouragement from herself .-- And not only was there time for these convictions , with all their glow of attendant happiness ; there was time also to rejoice that Harriet ' s secret had not escaped her , and to resolve that it need not , and should not .-- It was all the service she could now render her poor friend ; for as to any of that heroism of sentiment which might have prompted her to entreat him to transfer his affection from herself to Harriet , as infinitely the most worthy of the two -- or even the more simple sublimity of resolving to refuse him at once and for ever , without vouchsafing any motive , because he could not marry them both , Emma had it not .
I was only an actor , I could only act a caricature .
The tsar was wrong to think that he could rely on payment for the help he had given Austria in 1849 . 
This , coupled with the travel factor , could lead to considerable fatigue and consequent reduction in effectiveness on the farm . 
* In these he could walk without making the least noise ; and as these shoes could not be worn out of doors , he was always sure to change them before he went out ; and consequently he had always clean shoes to wear in the house .
Karl 's last act as President had been to insist that the wing mirrors on Global cars be fitted parallel to the road so that people could snort drugs off them .
She was rarely pleased to see Damien , but at that moment she could cheerfully have driven red-hot nails into his ugly wedge of a face .
I could see the great livid weals of scars running across the small of her back and down her mighty thighs . 
Anne could do no more ; but her heart prophesied some mischance to damp the perfection of her felicity .
Pearce 's request for new terms could have been sparked by transfer fees and wages rocketing in the last 12 months . 
` And flattery will get you anywhere tonight , " she retorted as sexily as she could . 
Evans pulled him off the cross , and Jack turned stiffly , easing the sweat-soaked vest off his shoulders , and following Evans 's crawling buttocks until he could stand . 
Miss Bates would hardly give Emma time to say how perfectly new this circumstance was to her ; but as without supposing it possible that she could be ignorant of any of the particulars of Mr . Frank Churchill ' s going , she proceeded to give them all , it was of no consequence .
Now , he could only play the last card in what was probably the world's coldest deck .
I watched many abortive attempts to catch them , because these tiny crustaceans could sprint with amazing speed back to their burrows in the sand if they felt threatened . 
` It 's two and a half guineas ! " she hissed at Louise , who could tell that she was genuinely appalled . 
In addition , an understanding of the molecular signaling events that drive the beneficial effects of exercise on human physiology could foster the development of novel drugs , devices , or biological agents designed to substitute for exercise .
The 16 bays of these yards , which could once handle more than 30 galleys at a time , launched ships that extended Catalonia 's dominion over the Mediterranean from Tunis to Greece , Sicily , Sardinia , and much of the French coast .
Nonmagical Confucianism was a secular , rational philosophy , but even with this different orientation it could not escape from the ethos of a cosmic government .
I can only add that the abolition of free eye tests is the worst false economy imaginable , and could only be contemplated by such a short-sighted Government . 
Even so , the propaganda which set out to promote the aggrandizement of the figure of Franco , almost to the point of beatification , could not have succeeded without fertile ground in which to plant its seeds . 
They were so deserving , that a _little_ higher should have been enough : but as it was , how could she have done otherwise ?-- Impossible !-- She could not repent .
The president and councillors were supposed to encourage an amicable settlement , but if they failed the president could convict wrongdoers and fine them up to twenty rupees . 
" No , indeed , ma ' am ," said the little girl ; " but I was waiting in the passage , ma ' am , and this door was partly open ; and looking at the maid , you know , I could not help seeing it ."
They journeyed into the countryside , sleeping under the trees , eating what Ivan could trap or shoot . 
" But he said he could not rule out that undiscovered enclaves of resistance remain .
Hazel and the others followed as best they could , with Pipkin limping and staggering behind , his fear driving him on in spite of the pain in his paw . 
Some of the 500 people forced to leave their homes after Thursday 's freak storm in the Llandudno and Conwy areas believe it could be several months before they are able to return to their homes . 
Instead of forgetting him , his behaviour was such that she could not avoid the internal suggestion of " Can it really be as my brother imagined ?
From here they proceeded to ( 3 ) These same areas in relation to their own future family life stages , developing these to the extent of examining various crises which could be expected to confront them at some time or other .
Overall , however , students had a strong sense of duty to help China develop into a powerful , modern country , but they were uncertain as to how they could contribute given the constraints placed on them . 
This essay began with a citation from a book on how parents could select the sex of their offspring . 
` I could n't care less , " was the reply of Philip , a 16-year-old sprinter from Birchfield , when asked whether he was displeased with his parents ' lack of zeal . 
They could think of no one else .
The chair was earnestly protested against , and Mrs Musgrove , who thought only of one sort of illness , having assured herself with some anxiety , that there had been no fall in the case ; that Anne had not at any time lately slipped down , and got a blow on her head ; that she was perfectly convinced of having had no fall ; could part with her cheerfully , and depend on finding her better at night .
Nay , could grimly live and burn , while the common vitality to which it was conjoined , fled horror - stricken from the unbidden and unfathered birth .
It is extremely doubtful that the handful of Albanians who call themselves Communists could have done this without the direct approval of their Chinese friends .
" It would be a crowd -- a sad crowd ; and what could be worse than dancing without space to turn in ?"
Usually it is n't too bad , but on Sunday the water was lapping at our ankles , and if you slipped you could feel the current tugging at you .
He was now a very effective reader of his own work -- his theatrical instincts were here most valuable and , as Edmund Wilson noted , he could communicate a feeling of intense excitement to his audiences . 
Mrs . Elton was first seen at church : but though devotion might be interrupted , curiosity could not be satisfied by a bride in a pew , and it must be left for the visits in form which were then to be paid , to settle whether she were very pretty indeed , or only rather pretty , or not pretty at all .
I considered your marrying him as certain , though he might not yet have made the offer , and I could no more speak the truth of him , than if he had been your husband .
And the mere name struck Syme cold and serious ; his laughter had died in his heart before it could die on his lips .
Every thing in her household arrangements was conducted on the most liberal plan , and excepting a few old city friends , whom , to Lady Middleton ' s regret , she had never dropped , she visited no one to whom an introduction could at all discompose the feelings of her young companions .
Oh , how I wish I could shut up like a telescope !
Five years ago , schools were asked to develop their programme of personal relationships so that the right sort of foundations could be laid at an early age . 
This report of his Did Hamlet so envenom with his Enuy , That he could nothing doe but wish and begge , Your sodaine comming ore to play with him ; Now out of this
When their places were determined on , and they were all properly arranged , she looked round to see if he should happen to be in the same part of the room , but he was not ; her eye could not reach him ; and the concert being just opening , she must consent for a time to be happy in a humbler way .
There was nothing in any of the party which could recommend them as companions to the Dashwoods ; but the cold insipidity of Lady Middleton was so particularly repulsive , that in comparison of it the gravity of Colonel Brandon , and even the boisterous mirth of Sir John and his mother - in - law was interesting .
As he lowered himself on the chair behind his desk I wondered what this dapper , slightly ridiculous man could possibly have to do with the workings of the hall .
There was nothing he could do except jump into the ditch .
She rushed at Fagin and would have hit him if Sikes had not held her arms so tightly that she could n't move . 
It was shown that by proper anode design the net energy loss of the arc to the anode could be reduced to approximately 15% of the total arc energy .
If only a running shoe could utilise carbon technology in this way .
The only three facts that Turnbull could now add to his inventory were that the man had an ugly - looking knife swinging at his trousers belt , that his brown feet were as bare as his bronzed trunk and arms , and that his eyes had a singular bleak brilliancy which was of no particular colour .
It could be seen that both artists used a very thick final coat of plaster , one half inch , and that both followed the traditional Italian fresco technique as described by Cennino Cennini in the 14th Century , and current in Italy to this day .
" Could you do me the favour ," asked Kidd , with the courtesy of his nation , " of directing me to the Grey Cottage , where Mr Boulnois lives , as I understand ?"
So saying , a noble stroke he lifted high , Which hung not , but so swift with tempest fell On the proud crest of Satan , that no sight , Nor motion of swift thought , less could his shield , Such ruin intercept : Ten paces huge He back recoiled ; the tenth on bended knee His massy spear upstaid ; as if on earth Winds under ground , or waters forcing way , Sidelong had pushed a mountain from his seat , Half sunk with all his pines .
For Paul Theroux seven decades later one of the great mysteries of Japanese train travel was the manner in which Japanese passengers could safely disembark and entrain at stations where trains stopped merely for seconds .
He spread his arms and legs out just as far as he could , and that kept him from falling as fast and as hard as he otherwise would have done , because being spread out so flat that way , the air held him up a little .
The absence of business systems capable of adjusting to real-time demand information , as well as the lack of information between the time when orders were placed and the actual selling season , meant that early order commitments could not be amended pending new information .
What could I do , But follow straight , invisibly thus led ?
Dr Marshall , whose 18 cats occupy an outhouse , explained that with major damp-proofing repairs being carried out , she could not live in the house . 
Marshall also reminded Heidi Fleiss ' defense lawyers that Shana Fleiss has not been cross-examined and therefore her silence could affect the defense case as well .
He could not imagine a flower's being brave enough to grow beside Peony , Larkspur , and the rest .
Linking up Showtime with the largest cable operator in the U.S. could sharply boost its subscribers .
but he could n't hide his sexual inadequacy 
Perhaps it was just that Gildas was closest , he understood most , and although their friendship was impregnable , they could still hurt each other .
The car shot on up and down the shining moonlit lanes , and there was no sound in it except the occasional click or catch of its machinery ; for through some cause or other no soul inside it could think of a word to say .
Ledogar has warned that attempting to negotiate nuclear disarmament in a 61-nation forum could slow bilateral disarmament negotiations already begun in Russia and the United States .
And just then I could not hear any more , for my cousin called from below to tell me Mrs . Richardson was come in her coach , and would take one of us to Kensington Gardens ; so I was forced to go into the room and interrupt them , to ask Lucy if she would like to go , but she did not care to leave Edward ; so I just run up stairs and put on a pair of silk stockings and came off with the Richardsons ."
Until she could prove without the shadow of a doubt that he was n't in league with Harry Martin then she could n't risk doing that , no matter how she might long to . 
You could partition off part of the tank for the other fish but this would detract from the overall appearance and may not necessarily work . 
14 : 13 And Asa and the people that were with him pursued them unto Gerar : and the Ethiopians were overthrown , that they could not recover themselves ; for they were destroyed before the LORD , and before his host ; and they carried away very much spoil .
Dot could hear them just inside the house .
If innkeepers did not have a right of sale they would be left with the property of guests which they could not realise in order to satisfy the debt . 
Sir Walter Elliot , of Kellynch Hall , in Somersetshire , was a man who , for his own amusement , never took up any book but the Baronetage ; there he found occupation for an idle hour , and consolation in a distressed one ; there his faculties were roused into admiration and respect , by contemplating the limited remnant of the earliest patents ; there any unwelcome sensations , arising from domestic affairs changed naturally into pity and contempt as he turned over the almost endless creations of the last century ; and there , if every other leaf were powerless , he could read his own history with an interest which never failed .
The Doctor ducked his head and looked sideways , giving Francis a smile that Lacuna could n't see . 
It shocked her that she could make such a cool analysis of the situation . 
A man who had been in motion since eight o ' clock in the morning , and might now have been still , who had been long talking , and might have been silent , who had been in more than one crowd , and might have been alone !-- Such a man , to quit the tranquillity and independence of his own fireside , and on the evening of a cold sleety April day rush out again into the world !-- Could he by a touch of his finger have instantly taken back his wife , there would have been a motive ; but his coming would probably prolong rather than break up the party .
You could set up tables in the front room and serve salads and your baked beans and brown bread and Grandma could dress like a gypsy and tell fortunes '' .
He could sing a little himself .
A sad and ironic pendant to this story was the fact that when Dowding was dismissed he could not betray Ultra by calling it to the defence of his strategy . 
He could scarcely believe his eyes , when he saw the rockets and the gunpowder all safe .
In a confidential letter to the prime minister , the Red Cross requested immediate access to the jail and added that there could be three more connected to it where detainees also are being mistreated .
She could n't have been more tactful about the conditions , though her mood was understandably solemn and cautious . 
By the report which he hastened over to Kellynch to make , Admiral Croft was a native of Somersetshire , who having acquired a very handsome fortune , was wishing to settle in his own country , and had come down to Taunton in order to look at some advertised places in that immediate neighbourhood , which , however , had not suited him ; that accidentally hearing --( it was just as he had foretold , Mr Shepherd observed , Sir Walter ' s concerns could not be kept a secret ,)-- accidentally hearing of the possibility of Kellynch Hall being to let , and understanding his ( Mr Shepherd ' s ) connection with the owner , he had introduced himself to him in order to make particular inquiries , and had , in the course of a pretty long conference , expressed as strong an inclination for the place as a man who knew it only by description could feel ; and given Mr Shepherd , in his explicit account of himself , every proof of his being a most responsible , eligible tenant .
I am so rich , I could have given bid for bid with the wealthiest Praetorians at the auction of the Roman empire ( which was the world ' s ); and yet I owe for the flesh in the tongue I brag with .
There were but few who could be so classed ; and it was not all of them that were attainable .
Before he could comment a waitress arrived to take her and Kirsty 's order for bacon and eggs and toast and honey . 
He could not understand it ; but there were symptoms of intelligence between them -- he thought so at least -- symptoms of admiration on his side , which , having once observed , he could not persuade himself to think entirely void of meaning , however he might wish to escape any of Emma ' s errors of imagination .
One of the conditions of the original purchase from Wedgwood was that it could buy back the house for £1 if we had not completed the restoration within five years . 
The road wound gradually upwards towards the Downs -- only the English could call uplands downs -- until I was clear of the motorways which cut through Kent like the prongs of a carving fork stabbing at France . 
She could make up a story , say she suffered temporary amnesia , or that she was knocked unconscious by thieves and all her money was gone , but she doubted she could make it sound believable . 
He could smell fish cooking and wondered if it was Faustina 's coley , then realised that in view of the conversation about the finest minced veal it was more likely to be something for themselves . 
With Mr . Weston ' s ball in view at least , there had been a great deal of insensibility to other things ; but it was now too evident that she had not attained such a state of composure as could stand against the actual approach -- new carriage , bell - ringing , and all .
These could be connected with the telegraph wires alongside the track , so that communication could be established as necessary with the nearest signal-box or with central control .
Naturally , the tricky business of welding the Germanies together could still bring nasty surprises . 
From the bank we could see it floating through the reflected lights like a submerged log . 
but to make it stiffer , of a really putty-like consistency to avoid cracking , we added a little hydrated lime -- hard on the hands , but we could see no other disadvantage .
You can process the musical history of the Eighties into any format you like-you could call it the decade of Dance , or of Conscience Rock , or of World Music .
Once done , he set about building this lodge to serve as a grandstand , from whose balcony he could be with family and friends and watch his hounds coursing deer across the bare miles . 
They wrangled interminably , he goading her into outbursts of anger just to watch her beauty at its best , she calling him all the names she could lay her tongue to . 
So he screeched , and screeched , all he could ; and by the greatest chance in life , ma ' am , old Mr . Eden was just going down the hill to fetch his morning walk ."
He tried to reason himself out of fears , which the different judgment of the apothecary seemed to render absurd ; but the many hours of each day in which he was left entirely alone , were but too favourable for the admission of every melancholy idea , and he could not expel from his mind the persuasion that he should see Marianne no more .
They all wore caps and goggles and black trunks and Nutty could n't tell who was who . 
Supported by the conviction of having done nothing to merit her present unhappiness , and consoled by the belief that Edward had done nothing to forfeit her esteem , she thought she could even now , under the first smart of the heavy blow , command herself enough to guard every suspicion of the truth from her mother and sisters .
Doctors hardly counted till after 1850 and no one could have foreseen the later social power of lawyers .
It is easy to see how fertility has been kept low since the middle of the twentieth century , and how the control over its timing given by contraception could permit a new pattern of fertility fluctuation . 
A draw could suffice for Barcelona , but only assuming that Sparta Prague do not beat Dynamo by four goals or more in Kiev . 
If we stop thinking in terms of tremendous multimegaton nuclear weapons and consider employing much smaller nuclear weapons which may be more appropriate for most important military targets , it would seem that the B-52 or B-70 could carry a great many small nuclear weapons .
And he could no longer think of face-saving , of honor , but only of escape .
A decade passed before there was any general awareness that it is more difficult to stop taking benzodiazepines than to start , and that weaning dependent patients from their drugs could be a painful process . 
Could it just be , Theresa wondered , that Anne had understood only too well , and that George all along was extraordinary only in the degree to which he was dull ? ?
He allowed himself , or claimed to allow himself , no beliefs about the world which could n't be justified if , if , even if only in a very loose sense , by scientific canons of procedure . 
It was a session at which all the youngsters were told to express their fears , to get them out in the open where they could talk about them freely .
She could not remember a storm as bad as this . 
" Nor , if you were , could I ever bear to part with you , my Harriet .
If the merchandise is valuable and indeed even if it is not , there could also be a problem of pilferage . 
She would not even admit it to have been natural ; and Elinor left her to be convinced that it was so , by that which only could convince her , a better knowledge of mankind .
They dropped over a high breakwater farther on upon the beach , turned sharply , and scrambled up a line of ribbed rocks , crowned with a thicket , crawled through it , scratching their hands and faces , and dropped into another road ; and there found that they could slacken their speed into a steady trot .
She was intrigued to know what sort of a woman could handle Alain Lemarchand and she had intended to linger and find out . 
The adjustment to a uniform and coordinated fiscal period could be accomplished relatively easily for them .
8 : 3 For what the law could not do , in that it was weak through the flesh , God sending his own Son in the likeness of sinful flesh , and for sin , condemned sin in the flesh : 8 : 4 That the righteousness of the law might be fulfilled in us , who walk not after the flesh , but after the Spirit .
That I could look with a separate look on my own crucifixion and bloody crowning .
While the final combat of the campaign was being worked out at Jonesborough , Thomas , on Sherman's instructions , ordered Slocum , now commanding the Twentieth Corps , to make an effort to occupy Atlanta if he could do so without exposing his bridgehead to a counterattack .
I should be unwilling , I own , to live in any other part of the town ;-- there is hardly any other that I could be satisfied to have my children in : but _we_ are so remarkably airy !-- Mr .
Since strong nociceptive stimuli produce an experimental neurosis during which the animals fail to eat in the experimental situation , Wolpe thought that he could utilize the feeding-pain antagonism to inhibit the neurotic symptoms through feeding .
How Harriet could ever have had the presumption to raise her thoughts to Mr .
Biff shook his head , rattling his beads , and answered in scumlingo , slowly , to show that he could n't savvy . 
Nor , despite a close friendship with the evangelist D. L. Hoody , could he pacify the more conservative evangelicals in his audience . 
John could see some trivial improvements but deferred any mention of them . 
It will also be cheaper for foreigners to visit Britain which could bring a much-needed boost for the tourist industry . 
That such letters , so full of affection and confidence , could have been so answered , Elinor , for Willoughby ' s sake , would have been unwilling to believe .
FEARS of cutbacks on airline parts could dent profits at giant Rolls-Royce .
The first submarine could be heard zigzagging , changing course , trying to find shelter in the underwater thermoclines which might hide and confuse the pursuers , but soon they could hear the crump of falling depth charges . 
" Did you think you could plant them in the morning ?"
Apart from helping to reduce patient waiting lists it could do away with the need for exploratory operations in certain cases , particularly spinal and knee complaints .
But last week , he complained about a " lack of clarity " and warned that the United States could continue to spend billions in Afghanistan without ensuring a secure , sustainable democracy .
No one could dispute her right to come ; the house was her husband ' s from the moment of his father ' s decease ; but the indelicacy of her conduct was so much the greater , and to a woman in Mrs . Dashwood ' s situation , with only common feelings , must have been highly unpleasing ;-- but in HER mind there was a sense of honor so keen , a generosity so romantic , that any offence of the kind , by whomsoever given or received , was to her a source of immoveable disgust .
A row of half - burnished seventeenth - century swords ran like an ornate railing along the front of the window ; behind was a darker glimmer of old oak and old armour ; and higher up hung the most extraordinary looking South Sea tools or utensils , whether designed for killing enemies or merely for cooking them , no mere white man could possibly conjecture .
Note that the court could infer the accused had been in a public place where no such direct evidence exists . 
` Could we not travel safely on the road now ? " she asked cautiously , as they forded yet another stream . 
About the mossy trunk I wound me soon ; For , high from ground , the branches would require Thy utmost reach or Adam ' s : Round the tree All other beasts that saw , with like desire Longing and envying stood , but could not reach .
Leaning forward into the harness and pushing with all my might , I could not move .
When times were good , men married earlier and some were able to marry who otherwise could not have married at all -- and vice versa . 
but for all his air of affluence , who could tell what his private financial picture was ? ?
This was an opportunity which Anne could not resist ; she said , therefore , " I hope , Admiral , I hope there is nothing in the style of Captain Wentworth ' s letter to make you and Mrs Croft particularly uneasy .
Even from where Beth stood , she could see the blood trickling down Cissie 's arm . 
These estimates could be somewhat accelerated or easily delayed dependent upon a host of international and domestic factors that can not be accurately predicted .
He yelled the name as loudly as he could . 
Nine days after taking the drug at a friend 's 21st birthday party Rachel , 25 , still has vivid flashbacks which could haunt her for the rest of her life . 
Of course they learned in time that they not only could use whole-wheat bread , but the children liked it better .
In the case of HHS Secretary Louis Sullivan , the litmus test could yet damage issues important to other parts of the Republican coalition .
Mr . Grant , when he heard of all this , endeavoured to discover what could have offended his neighbour ; but all explanation was prevented by the obstinate silence of Oakly .
She murmured something he could n't catch and flung her leg over his . 
She could not enter the house again , could not be in the same room to which she had with such vain artifice retreated three months ago , to lace up her boot , without _recollecting_ .
The Taoists believed the unity could be influenced by proper magical manipulation ; ;
And You said we could just fuck calmly , in Sein and Zeit .
She could never quit him ."
" Uppercross , the necessity of some one ' s going to Uppercross ; the news to be conveyed ; how it could be broken to Mr and Mrs Musgrove ; the lateness of the morning ; an hour already gone since they ought to have been off ; the impossibility of being in tolerable time ."
So that earth and ocean could behold , where there had been a mere fiery mass , a thing divided like a V -- a cloven tongue of flame .
Myself I then perused , and limb by limb Surveyed , and sometimes went , and sometimes ran With supple joints , as lively vigour led : But who I was , or where , or from what cause , Knew not ; to speak I tried , and forthwith spake ; My tongue obeyed , and readily could name Whate ' er I saw .
One of the A.L.A.M. lawyers observed that if the Selden case had been tried under this simplified procedure , the testimony which filled more than a score of volumes , `` at a minimum cost of $1 a page for publication alone , could have been contained in one volume '' .
He doubted if a man could wade as far as the desolate , dry hills that rimmed the valley .
Money could be added to a pending spending bill covering the Federal Emergency Management Agency , which coordinates federal disaster relief .
Tommy was interested in psychiatry , because there was much an understanding nurse could do to help the patients .
Since offices were regarded as a form of property , reform could be stigmatized as an encroachment upon freehold . 
That ' s right ; and Sir Cecil could have that sword the Admiral threw away by the fence here .
By using the stomach tube , and portions of liquefied food identified only by a code number , the test could be carried out without either the patient or the nurse giving the test food knowing its identity . 
He could take the advice or leave it .
At that time , 300 million people were either unemployed or performed such unproductive work that they could not support themselves and their families .
In the surprise-hushed room everyone could hear Carter 's whimpers . 
You could tell a St Andrews ' native , he said , because he does n't bother replacing these thin wafers of turf .
So , deprived of one leg , and the strange ship of course being altogether unsupplied with the kindly invention , Ahab now found himself abjectly reduced to a clumsy landsman again ; hopelessly eyeing the uncertain changeful height he could hardly hope to attain .
To see Marianne , I felt , would be dreadful , and I even doubted whether I could see her again , and keep to my resolution .
The reporter did not disclose specific details of their chat , but the disclosure prompted concern that it might have been more confidential matters which could have been overheard . 
Nor is it to be gainsaid , that in some of these instances it has been declared that the interval of time between the two assaults could not have exceeded very many days .
He headed across the Bayswater Road into the park at a brisk pace , knowing he could n't hope to find a pub until he reached Knightsbridge . 
The Supreme Court ruled by seven to two on April 24 that a condemned prisoner could be executed without any appeal having been undertaken . 
She had only meant to oppose the too common idea of spirit and gentleness being incompatible with each other , not at all to represent Captain Benwick ' s manners as the very best that could possibly be ; and , after a little hesitation , she was beginning to say , " I was not entering into any comparison of the two friends ," but the Admiral interrupted her with --
These Working Groups would undertake tasks of a practical nature and they could provide opportunities for people not attracted to committee work to become involved and make a contribution .
" She would rather not be in his company more than she could help .
` We could hardly have our new tutor dying of thirst , " he added . 
Rory could hear the stamping , slapping feet move in time to the fiddles and accordions as they played a jig . 
Then it abruptly disappeared , and all he could see were entrancing coloured patterns chasing each other about the glowing darkness like tropical fish . 
If she could only have a few minutes conversation with him again , she fancied she should be satisfied ; and as to the power of addressing him , she felt all over courage if the opportunity occurred .
Even more complex and obviously cortically induced forms of emotional arousal could be elicited in monkey A on seeing monkey B ( but not a rabbit ) in emotional stress .
After 1714 the balance shifted to a point where the King and the Commons had something like mutual vetoes : the King chose the ministers and could normally be sure of not having to put up with a minister he disliked , but the Commons could reject a minister they disliked by refusing to vote for the taxes he proposed , thus pushing the King into dismissing him . 
That mention of this should bring smiles to our lips today is as clear an indication as we could wish of the extent to which attitudes have changed .
The mason came , and gave it as his opinion that the rooms they inhabited might last through the winter but that no part of the ruins could stand another year .
After a hundred yards or so I could see behind me the whole cliffed extent of the headland , and the house . 
Their mean , human activity was discordant , and she moved on , until she could hear only the swish of the trees in the wind , and the patter of falling rain . 
` If we were as smart as chickens , we could utilise ambient temperature technology . "
Any lumberjack who was feeling sufficiently ill-disposed towards his fellow drinking companions could place on his shoulder a small chip of wood to indicate he would take on any man who cared to flick it off . 
Scotland Today has obtained a confidential report that warns councillors they could be sued for damages . 
It was not raining , but droplets of moisture condensed on every cold surface and Wycliffe could taste the salt on his lips . 
Blood blisters could be prevented from forming by rubbing a work blister immediately with any hard nonpoisonous substance .
The falsification of Kepler 's speculation that the spacing of the planetary orbits could be explained by reference to Plato 's five regular solids does not mark one of the significant landmarks in the progress of physics .
poor fellow !-- sad business for him .-- She was extremely concerned ; for , though very eccentric , he had a thousand good qualities .-- How could he be so taken in ?-- Did not think him at all in love -- not in the least .-- Poor Knightley !-- There would be an end of all pleasant intercourse with him .-- How happy he had been to come and dine with them whenever they asked him !
Michael Baly , president of the American Gas Association , reckons that within ten years gas could be a substitute for 2 billion barrels of oil -- an eighth of current American oil consumption . 
As near as Cobb could determine the shots came from the direction of the Antler ranch house .
Miss Grey was short and dumpy and all she could manage to do was warble a little out of tune . 
The Admassy place could not be far now .
His teachers were suspicious of his popularity , annoyed by his lack of interest in academic work and infuriated that he could still achieve high marks in examinations . 
Basil could read with ease the natural image-making of children and was in fact deeply knowledgeable and perceptive about the developmental stages of children 's drawings . 
27 : 1 And it came to pass , that when Isaac was old , and his eyes were dim , so that he could not see , he called Esau his eldest son , and said unto him , My son : and he said unto him , Behold , here am I .
To figure the value of the farm in terms of investment income , divide the estimated annual net farm income by the percentage that you could expect to get in interest if the money were invested in some other way .
`` We could put up cribs on the second floor sleeping porch and turn the front bedroom into a playroom where it's nice and sunny , but of course it would entail quite a bit of running up and down stairs and Chris said you were to be careful about that '' .
The flashing cascade of his mane , the curving comet of his tail , invested him with housings more resplendent than gold and silver - beaters could have furnished him .
Fish used to lumber and shamble around the stage like a confused and wounded animal , bellowing out his lyrics as if only this could ease his pain . 
The day was high and bright , the salt tang seasoning the after-pulse of summer heat which still hung in the air , but nothing could shift my sense of despondency , nagging depression . 
Each one of them saw himself as El-ahrairah , who could be impudent to Frith and get away with it . 
They could have accepted the arguments of the prosecution and the apparent evidence of the video footage and convicted the four Los Angeles police officers . 
The Solidarity leadership , while supporting the workers ' demands , said that the means used were not appropriate and that it could not deny the legitimacy of the government 's position .
The case turns on whether he could or should have seen the case in the back of the lorry when he was lacing it up . 
With the assistance of his mother - in - law , Sir John was not long in discovering that the name of Ferrars began with an F . and this prepared a future mine of raillery against the devoted Elinor , which nothing but the newness of their acquaintance with Edward could have prevented from being immediately sprung .
She said that proved she wasn't to be trusted with a fire in her room , and she could be burned to a crisp without anybody knowing it .
Alice was rather doubtful whether she ought not to lie down on her face like the three gardeners , but she could not remember ever having heard of such a rule at processions ; ' and besides , what would be the use of a procession ,' thought she , ' if people had all to lie down upon their faces , so that they couldn ' t see it ?'
And if she overstepped the line , he could always smack her . 
" Ere the cry could go aft Steelkilt was shaking one of the backstays leading far aloft to where two of his comrades were standing their mastheads .
It could still be modified for use , provided it was backed up with some new , stronger coercion .
The body of 35-year-old Ms Johnstone was discovered by police who forced their way into her pub shortly after 11am yesterday after a cook arriving for work could not get in . 
I decided to make one last attempt after which I would start looking for a place from where I could obtain a map of the city . 
Willoughby , on his side , gave every proof of his pleasure in their acquaintance , which an evident wish of improving it could offer .
In this state the electron could not radiate energy in the form of electromagnetic waves because there would be no lower energy state for it to go to . 
Mrs . Weston could only approve .
Although it had seemed a good reason , to begin with : no couple could afford to have children .
Altered responses of AR include activation by non - androgen ligands or recognition of other hormone responsive elements different from AREs [ 22 23 ] . We studied if active Stat3 could be responsible for this behavior of AR.
Mary talked , but she could not attend .
They advised her to continue the shoemaking trade , as they found the shoes were liked , and they knew that they could have a sale for them at the Repository in Dublin .
It might be rough on Edythe at first , but Linda and John between them could make a settlement handsome enough to soothe her , to send her back to Cleveland or anywhere .
` All the girls were wearing gum boots with their bikinis and I could n't shoot any lower than their knees . 
The instrument ( the telescreen , it was called ) could be dimmed , but there was no way of shutting it off completely .
He would like to put several sentences on top of each other so that you could read them all at once , and get all at once , the various shadings and complexities '' .
As she grappled with the staples she could feel inside the bag the firm shape of a book .
And there was one boss -- well , if he could n't spell your name you 'd had it .
Her answer was as cool as she could make it , with her head held high , even though holding it so steadily erect made her feel dizzy .
The pretty nurse with her wheelchaired lady was nearer and I could read ` Sally " on her white uniform badge . 
It was almost too wonderful for belief , and it was with the greatest effort that she could remain in the room , preserve an air of calmness , and answer the common questions of the moment .
Then IN TIME I could , you know , change my trade -- sell chips and sticks in the wood - market -- hand about the lemonade to the fine folks , or twenty other things .
A man could travel anywhere he pleased , eat whatever he fancied -- without handing over any money '' .
Montgomery gave a short exhalation which could have represented disbelief , frustration or simple boredom . 
Soviet officials were gratified by the reaction of the radical Arab states to their plan for the Persian Gulf but they could anticipate a less forthcoming response from the conservative Gulf states . 
Without ceremony he snatched up the little priest , slung him astraddle on his shoulders , and went racing towards Seawood as fast as his long legs could carry him .
Rachel could see the reasoning behind that , but nevertheless felt angry towards Damian Flint -- not because he had so obviously done the right thing , but because he was so clearly in complete control of a situation that had always been beyond Rachel . 
His top hat was loaded with snow like the hat of Father Christmas , the white drift was rising round his boots and ankles ; but it seemed as if nothing could tear him away from the contemplation of the colourless wax doll in dirty evening dress .
I could interpret betweene you and your loue : if I could see the Puppets dallying
` Could we not travel safely on the road now ? " she asked cautiously , as they forded yet another stream .
A clinical trial of a treatment to help underweight women achieve normal weight ( presumably by addressing the underlying cause ) could be expected to have 80% power with N = ( 1 .
It seemed there was nothing he could do to persuade the child to cease her disobedience , nothing he could say which would frighten her sufficiently for her to come to her senses . 
And his relative youth could help him project a more vibrant image , contrasting with the perception of Mr. Honecker as an out-of-touch old man .
Such opposition , as these feelings produced , was more than Anne could combat .
Now , I do n't understand how I could ever have thought I was fat . 
How the delicacy , the discretion of his favourite could have been so lain asleep !
A Health and Safety Executive spokesman said : ` Research like this can help us take steps to reduce the risk of a mistake being made that could have catastrophic consequences . " 
`` Inflation could be a real surprise , '' said Samuel D. Kahan , chief financial economist at Kleinwort Benson Government Securities Inc. , in Chicago .
I wish you could see the situation as I see it .
-- The pertinacity of her friend seemed more than she could bear .
No doubt the Angels could do that kind of thing as fast as any computer .
What Elinor said in reply she could not distinguish , but judged from the motion of her lips , that she did not think THAT any material objection ;-- and Mrs . Jennings commended her in her heart for being so honest .
But before Willie could reply the boy was already chattering on . 
I had done all I could .
But before he could answer there was a soft slap of footsteps round the colonnade . 
thy hope was to have reached The highth of thy aspiring unopposed , The throne of God unguarded , and his side Abandoned , at the terrour of thy power Or potent tongue : Fool ! not to think how vain Against the Omnipotent to rise in arms ; Who out of smallest things could , without end , Have raised incessant armies to defeat Thy folly ; or with solitary hand Reaching beyond all limit , at one blow , Unaided , could have finished thee , and whelmed Thy legions under darkness : But thou seest All are not of thy train ; there be , who faith Prefer , and piety to God , though then To thee not visible , when I alone Seemed in thy world erroneous to dissent From all : My sect thou seest ; now learn too late How few sometimes may know , when thousands err .
They are certain there must be a number of people who could benefit . 
Lieutenant Richardson could envy the officers and men of the John Harvey in their innocent assumption that the ship contained nothing more dangerous than high explosive bombs .
`` If I could only think of something at the studio , near me , to absorb his boundless energy '' , I said .
They were so tiny that it did not seem possible that green lettuce leaves could come from them .
No wonder , then , that at the cessation of Lend-Lease , which had until VJ Day bridged the gap in the British accounts , Keynes could talk of a ` financial Dunkirk " . 
These could be costly and have a serious effect both at home and abroad .
Any serious policy examination of a suicide hijacking scenario , critiquing each of the layers of the security system , could have suggested changes to fix glaring vulnerabilities - expanding no-fly lists , searching passengers identified by the CAPPS screening system , deploying Federal Air Marshals domestically , hardening cockpit doors , alerting air crew to a different kind of hijacking than what they had been trained to expect , or adjusting the training of controllers and managers in the FAA and NORAD .
Two men , together like us , we could do somethin fine out there , maybe find a place where no one's ever been .
The optimistic view : The real was overvalued anyway , so devaluation could lower the 29 percent interest rate .
The hijackers gave themselves up after receiving assurances that they could seek asylum elsewhere . 
If convicted , the officer could receive a dishonorable discharge and almost four years in prison .
Sir Walter was not very wise ; but still he had experience enough of the world to feel , that a more unobjectionable tenant , in all essentials , than Admiral Croft bid fair to be , could hardly offer .
However , last night the tapes were not run at all during the evening hours and all we got on TV were a few snatches which Douglas Edwards and Huntley and Brinkley could squeeze into their programs .
Khrushchev could never forgive him for the cruelties and stupidities that brought Russia so close to defeat by Hitler .
said Alice , and she told her sister , as well as she could remember them , all these strange Adventures of hers that you have just been reading about ; and when she had finished , her sister kissed her , and said , ' It WAS a curious dream , dear , certainly : but now run in to your tea ; it ' s getting late .'
I 'm sure he could , especially if he were an expert at determining the causes of aircraft lost through explosions -- those people are much better at that sort of thing than the Navy is . 
Well , yes , perhaps in literature , since you could argue that you couldn't keep silent about your feelings against literature and so were involved in spite of yourself .
The machines included equipment with which an operator could do programming by editing the computer tapes that white-collar staff provided . 
Israeli officials contend that , with Pakistan 's help , Iran could produce a nuclear bomb by the end of the decade ( 6920 , 6819 ) .
If Elizabeth could but have heard this !
But if The Prince fancied women and was fascinated by foreigners , he could be haughtiness personified to his subordinates .
By this time saucers were also being lined with glass so they could be gilded . 
Otherwise , they could impale themselves with a bayonet --- affixed to each muzzle since the Mexican War .
I could n't bear the thought of leaving my baby with a stranger . 
He believed that the conflict of interest between capital and labour , which involves one group gaining at the expense of the other , could not be resolved within the framework of a capitalist economy .
Their eyes met , sheer delight in each other in both pairs , and then Luke was kissing her on the mouth with so much loving tenderness that she could n't speak for quite a while . 
He thought of other possibilities , none of them satisfactory , and finally he began to think , to wonder if there was some way he could reach Burton .
He had come because he could not live out his life feeling that he had been a coward .
It was fitted and filled with looking - glasses at every angle of refraction , so that they looked like the hundred facets of one huge diamond -- if one could get inside a diamond .
Sons of louts grappled with the coffin in vain ; they could neither cram it in nor twist it out . 
Fourth , until 1981 , trade unions could evade having to make any payments to their members on strike since they were in receipt of supplementary benefit . 
Almost as though he 's trying to memorise what I look like , thought Juliet , knowing she could never forget his brown eyes and curling eyelashes , and the smile that hovered on his lips .
Flambeau looked once more inland and out to sea , and once more could see nothing but seas as wintry as the snow , and snows as level as the sea .
For example , that they were diligently enforcing bye-laws about where costermongers " barrows could be parked , while ducking their responsibilities to deal with ruffians and robbers . 
This proved particularly valuable to the Panamanian government in 1967 , when union leaders were planning a May Day march that the government feared could turn violent .
After the acquittal of " Inside Linda Lovelace " in 1976 , the authorities largely abandoned the attempt to prosecute books for which any claim of literary merit could be made . 
You could hardly ask for a more exhilarating way to kick off the week 's traces . 
The yacht 's interior could be finished by Mo , but he was relying on Warwick Collins to design a yacht with an exhilarating performance . 
It looked as if the reverse had happened and she 'd drawn Marie into the plot , though surely even Bobbie could see what a disastrous ally she 'd make .
His father was more than six foot and could toss the caber further than any man in Bunarkaig . 
“ And while I 'm there , I could buy some winter vests for the boys as well — and Josh needs a new shirt for best … . 
Writing in the 1960s Ms. Carson suggested that the human race could be eliminated in 20 years , and Mr. Wald suggested that life on earth might end by 1985 .
Therefore could you please tell me if it is feasible to fit this engine and will it prove to be too powerful for the IIA gearbox and overdrive .
The UK side of TVS is being run down but it has a pile of cash and what could be highly profitable operations in the US via MTM . 
He 'd left the court before Lucien could stutter an assent . 
The atmosphere is bad and British sailors could get caught up in the bad feeling if they went ashore , " said the Ark Royal 's captain , John Brigstocke . 
He could sense that his parents despaired of him and were beginning to put their efforts into his stronger rival and that soon …
The passage was comparatively long and dark , so each man could see the other as a mere black silhouette at the other end .
The happy one could never have looked happier .
Those who could not console themselves with the thought of world-wide respect for their domestically heartily despised ruler were at least supposed to despair when they heard Western statesmen pour flattery over Ceauşescu . 
As for pulling me out of the window , I only wish they COULD !
But her colleagues and superiors could not fault her dedication to the job , speaking highly of her nursing ability . 
How could one look at Ahab then , seated on that tripod of bones , without bethinking him of the royalty it symbolized ?
But they could turn and escape to the east .
It is Alan Usher 's contention that if this evidence had come to light before the trial , a third opinion could have been obtained from a specialist paediatric pathologist . 
Red lived at Lanesville , and from his house he could be up on the Common in a half hour's brisk walk ; ;
Corporations are apt by nature to be impersonal , inhumane , shortsighted and almost exclusively profit-motivated , a picture they could scarcely afford to present to the public .
Fall River police did go to Westport to see if they could get any information against Morse and possibly find an accomplice whom he might have hired from among these men .
There had previously been a plan for gaslit subway streets through which horse-drawn traffic could pass . 
If an atom bomb in 1945 could destroy an entire city surely the atomic arsenal we now have is more than adequate to fulfill any military objective required of it .
In the morning , his friendship with the Mason was still as strong and his hatred towards Gabriel just as hot -- but he could not quite recollect the reason . 
` There 's someone snooping about there , night after night , and since Pollitts put all those locks and chains over it I do n't see how anyone could get in . 
Even twenty yards back they could not stand up , but they could crouch and stretch each limb in turn . 
Lucien is not the only person in this house who could have put opium in that coffee .
The naughty spin : How could this have happened at MIT , where , unlike LSU , the kids are supposed to be smart ?
Du Pont would be enjoined from having as a director , officer , or employee anyone who was simultaneously an officer or employee of General Motors , and no director , officer , or employee of Du Pont could serve as a director of General Motors without court approval .
Whatever they could stick their noses into they would , like telling you off if you had more than eight photos on your pin board .
There are clearly a large number of factors which could account for this difference .
Sheffield Eagles could be second division champions if they defeat London and Leigh lose at Workington but victory would assure Leigh of promotion .
But , it could happen , and it may happen to you .
They could also check through the orders on file to find a customer that was willing to accept a lower grade of polyethylene .
By now Harmony could see that most of the adults in the train were winded and resting , or else siphoned off from the games by the challenging lure of the great cliff towering above them .
Nothing could , perhaps , convey better the collapse of a regime than this picture of a faithful attendant carrying a cup of soup through a deserted palace , to an Empress asleep in a chair . 
Anne talked of being perfectly ready , and tried to look it ; but she felt that could Henrietta have known the regret and reluctance of her heart in quitting that chair , in preparing to quit the room , she would have found , in all her own sensations for her cousin , in the very security of his affection , wherewith to pity her .
Poetry was there : the left - hand corner of the room was lined with as complete a set of English classics as the right hand could show of English and foreign physiologists .
The pack had made a bend to the north , swinging back toward the Reef , and Kearton and Ulyate could hear them faintly .
However , the leading man by his astuteness in obtaining the most beneficial terms for the conditions applying to the pitch he was hoping to take , could realise a goodly income for himself and the others . 
I then glanced round the room ; and besides the bedstead and centre table , could see no other furniture belonging to the place , but a rude shelf , the four walls , and a papered fireboard representing a man striking a whale .
Its petrol tank was dented and there was a big oil patch underneath , but no signs of life that Henry could see .
AN AZERI who hijacked a Russian plane so he could go to the United States to work was held on charges of air piracy by a Swedish court yesterday after giving himself up . 
In his preceding attempts to attach himself to Louisa Musgrove ( the attempts of angry pride ), he protested that he had for ever felt it to be impossible ; that he had not cared , could not care , for Louisa ; though till that day , till the leisure for reflection which followed it , he had not understood the perfect excellence of the mind with which Louisa ' s could so ill bear a comparison , or the perfect unrivalled hold it possessed over his own .
I quickly found one who agreed to supply me with a dozen apples for threepence as long as I could guarantee the same order every day for the next month .
Gov. George Deukmejian , who said he had been assured by state transportation officials that the structure could withstand an even larger quake , called for an immediate investigation .
" To see you ," cried he , " in the midst of those who could not be my well - wishers ; to see your cousin close by you , conversing and smiling , and feel all the horrible eligibilities and proprieties of the match !
Elinor turned involuntarily to Marianne , to see whether it could be unobserved by her .
She could n't catch it up on her bike , that was certain . 
This could be a big protest against an administrative failure . ''
With such a confederacy against her -- with a knowledge so intimate of his goodness -- with a conviction of his fond attachment to herself , which at last , though long after it was observable to everybody else -- burst on her -- what could she do ?
The electricians were apprised so that all electrical appliances could be in perfect order . 
The diffusion is most pronounced and most likely to become fixed , however , in those who have had no or very minimal opportunities to develop the autonomy and initiative that could have been directed into constructive expression and so served as sources of developing self-certainty .
He could not himself betray Syme , partly from honour , but partly also because , if he betrayed him and for some reason failed to destroy him , the Syme who escaped would be a Syme freed from all obligation of secrecy , a Syme who would simply walk to the nearest police station .
Loveit smiled , and allowed that he certainly could not bear malice .
He could not consider it now .
Mrs . Weston added , " that he could only allow himself time to hurry to Highbury , after breakfast , and take leave of the few friends there whom he could suppose to feel any interest in him ; and that he might be expected at Hartfield very soon ."
Babe Ruth , as he always did in the Stadium , played right field to avoid having the sun in his eyes , and Tommy Thevenow , a rather mediocre hitter who played shortstop for the St. Louis Cardinals , knocked a ball with all his might into the sharp angle formed by the permanent stands and the wooden bleachers , where Ruth could not reach it .
` You could catch trout and smoke them if you had to , '' I said .
No young people could be happier ; they were good and gay , emulous , but not envious of each other ; for Mrs . Villars was impartially just ; her praise they felt to be the reward of merit , and her blame they knew to be the necessary consequence of ill - conduct .
He played down suggestions that President Bush and M Delors could resolve the central dispute over agricultural subsidies at the EC -US summit in Washington next week .
She wished he could be charged because he thinks it might bring home to him the seriousness of what he has done and scare him enough to stop . 
There was a time when , if a man wanted to purchase a boat , it was necessary for him to be able to produce a sizeable amount of cash before he could touch the tiller or wheel .
There they could plunder and abuse the local Christian peasantry with impunity , even dispossessing them from their lands .
Keith Sterling had looked down on the Brahmaputra more times than he could remember , during the war days when he flew over the Hump of the world , thinking it high adventure in those times before man was guiding himself through outer space .
He could have been plummeting down to the centre of the earth , in a submarine nudging over the seabed or flying soundlessly through outer space . 
She could not keep her appointment punctually , however ; the weather was unfavourable , and she had grieved over the rain on her friends ' account , and felt it very much on her own , before she was able to attempt the walk .
But even in that tragic wreck he could not help having a smile and a hand of half - mocking friendship for the indefensible Ezza Montano .
Alice said to herself , as well as she could for sneezing .
All the heaven seemed covered with a quite vivid and palpable plumage ; you could only say that the sky was full of feathers , and of feathers that almost brushed the face .
Even if these findings are not confirmed after further study , one could still make a compelling argument that lipid-lowering therapy ( barring contraindications ) should be initiated early and universally in patients who present with an acute coronary syndrome : First , the long-term safety and effectiveness of statins for the secondary prevention of stable coronary disease is well-established [ 1 2 3 ] ; Second , as evidenced by MIRACL , these agents are safe when initiated at the time of hospitalization for an acute coronary syndrome ; Third , the in-hospital initiation of lipid-lowering therapy appears to promote greater long-term utilization of these agents [ 18 19 20 21 ] . Finally , although lipid levels may be unreliable in the setting of an acute coronary syndrome ( excepting total : HDL and LDL:HDL cholesterol ratios [ 22 ] ) the overwhelming majority of patients with coronary disease will ultimately require both pharmacologic and non-pharmacologic lipid-lowering interventions to attain recommended cholesterol targets [ 23 24 25 ] ; newer guidelines are even more stringent [ 26 ] . Furthermore , data from the recently presented Heart Protection Study suggest that clinical benefits may accrue independent of baseline cholesterol level [ 4 ] . Thus , to withhold lipid-lowering therapy from patients who present with an acute coronary syndrome would be to accept the status quo , and to date our efforts at cholesterol lowering in the secondary prevention setting have been dismal [ 27 28 ] .
That was just how he 'd tell it ; Denis could hear the tone of sarcastic relish in his voice .
Over her shoulder , Britta could see coils of smoke . 
There could not be an objection .
She let Betsy in , and asked what she could want at such a time of night .
During a sojourn of slightly more than three months Chamberlain Littlepage could see action on both elements .
The Navaho had respected Rope Thrower as a warrior , but could never forgive the destruction of their prized orchards .
Cheap clothing and junk of every sort , as far as the eye could see .
THIS rangy gelding looks as though he has matured during the summer and could develop into a useful handicap hurdler .
Similar findings have been noted in a patient with congenital absence of the organification enzymes , whose thyroid tissue could only concentrate iodide .
Oh , Willoughby , Willoughby , could this be yours !
Madden knew that he could be completely wrong about all this , but also knew that he would go right on disliking Garth .
The schools could use the money to pay 4-year scholarships , based on need , of up to $2,000 a year per student .
What could imply more safety than investing in government bonds ?
` I could say without doubt that this lady would have been alive today if she had not taken drugs at that party . " 
We tried to keep about a mile in front of the runners , grabbing photographs whenever we could , but it was n't easy .
25 : 7 And when he was come , the Jews which came down from Jerusalem stood round about , and laid many and grievous complaints against Paul , which they could not prove .
General Bourbollon obviously could not count on the support of the entire military .
In the year following that first visit , I read and devoured everything I could about Rennes-le-Chateau . 
She could stew in her own juice . 
6 : 13 For when God made promise to Abraham , because he could swear by no greater , he sware by himself , 6 : 14 Saying , Surely blessing I will bless thee , and multiplying I will multiply thee .
He put his case in the back then returned to the front door to shout the loudest goodbye he could manage , hoping his father would hear him . 
It was on the tenth day after the wedding ( how could it have been so soon ? ?
I had not , to all appearance , been followed in the street ; and if I had , they could not ` X - ray ' the coin in my closed hand .
They had no idea that the woman they escorted was far more lethal than ever they could hope to be . 
Because Joe and I were in the same position of being scolded by Mrs Joe , we were good friends , and Joe protected me from her anger whenever he could . 
I applied for parole , and usually you get your answer a couple of weeks before the date you could be going out . 
If it were not that I knew who it was I could have mistaken it for my Aunt so well did her clothes fit him .
`` -- so even if we was as dumb as you take us for , we could still find it '' .
For Azzam , reportedly one of the founders of the Palestinian militant group Hamas , there could be no compromise with the enemies of Islam : " Jihad and the rifle alone .
He was silent a moment , thinking he could use a man this time of year , and if the girl could cook , it would give him more time in the meadows , but he knew nothing about the couple .
She heard Rab , ` Get up ya lazy swine , " but Phillis did not stir ; there was little he could do .
If he could keep his physical vigour through the session he ` might get something done " .
If they opted for illusion , it could only be illusion per se -- an illusion of depth , and of relief , so general and abstracted as to exclude the representation of individual objects .
Perhaps What 's Brewing could feature an up-to-date list of local beer guides every other month , alternating with the painfully unfunny P.A. Newton column ? -- DAVE WHITE , Wigan . 
`` The conventional wisdom used to be that you could n't modify the immune response of an infected individual '' by innoculating them with synthetic viral proteins , Dr. Redfield said .
As he walked further into the heart of the country , disappointed to find no painters with whom he could converse , he was struck by a desolation that matched his own worst moods . 
He could taste the charred wood , the burned sap still in the air , sniff the sourness of the indigo where it had been trampled and soaked into the ground . 
It could not have meant that .
It was either this elm - top or that crooked path , it was either this scrap of orchard or that shape of a window ; but each man of them declared that he could remember this place before he could remember his mother .
A perfectly satisfactory standard total hip replacement could be marketed for not much over £100 , but the price in Britain now varies from £250 to well over £1000 for each implant .
Another doctor had told him the radiology treatment had gone well and now they were waiting for Casey to come out of a deep slumber before they could tell if it had been successful . 
How could supplying Eichmann with a platform on which to maintain that one could collaborate in the murder of millions of Jews without being an anti-semite contribute to a verdict against anti-Semitism ? ?
O I could weepe My Spirit from mine eyes .
Trent could no longer contain his loathing for the Latino . 
You could easily categorise your addresses into five sections . 
She could scream blue murder , but half an hour later would be the life of a dinner party , for she was very vain and never missed a chance to show herself off . 
By no means the most beguiling feature about this outstanding car , but a unique offer that could be a trend setter . 
Away in the vanishing distance they could see the sergeant furiously making notes .
Soon afterwards Mr . Elton quitted them , and she could not but do him the justice of feeling that there was a great deal of sentiment in his manner of naming Harriet at parting ; in the tone of his voice while assuring her that he should call at Mrs . Goddard ' s for news of her fair friend , the last thing before he prepared for the happiness of meeting her again , when he hoped to be able to give a better report ; and he sighed and smiled himself off in a way that left the balance of approbation much in his favour .
It is just that it could have been more meaningful and less unpleasant had it felt a touch more like a pilgrimage than a harsh , faceless drive for productivity . 
said Alice in a tone of delight , which changed into alarm in another moment , when she found that her shoulders were nowhere to be found : all she could see , when she looked down , was an immense length of neck , which seemed to rise like a stalk out of a sea of green leaves that lay far below her .
Lime and leather assailed her nostrils in a tantalising cloud as he bent his head , and before she could object he pressed his lips lightly on her mouth and stepped back . 
Thus the meanest motives , in mean minds often prompt to the commission of those great faults , to which one should think nothing but some violent passion could have tempted .
As I went out , I could hear water pouring in the shower .
He could now , without the drawback of a single unpleasant surmise , without a glance forward at any possible treachery in his guest , give way to all his natural kind - hearted civility in solicitous inquiries after Mr . Frank Churchill ' s accommodation on his journey , through the sad evils of sleeping two nights on the road , and express very genuine unmixed anxiety to know that he had certainly escaped catching cold -- which , however , he could not allow him to feel quite assured of himself till after another night .
And , before any of us could do anything , she flitted like a ghost back into the trees . 
This glider looked sturdy enough , but he could n't be certain that it would return to the ground safely .
But though Kidd knew a great deal about Sir Claude -- a great deal more , in fact , than there was to know -- it would never have crossed his wildest dreams to connect so showy an aristocrat with the newly - unearthed founder of Catastrophism , or to guess that Sir Claude Champion and John Boulnois could be intimate friends .
Deciding she 'd had enough of her office for that week , she filled her briefcase to bulging with work she could do at home , and closed her office door at five sharp . 
Even the power of the storm , with which it shared a kinship also , could not assuage the hunger .
In other words , detached from their familiar uses and manipulated on film , such objects could be animated , rendered flexible , and -- in the sculptural sense -- `` plastic . ``
Robyn followed as best she could , her high-heeled boots skidding on the slippery surfaces , polished by generations of men grinding black sand underfoot . 
I could n't see many people ; most of the lights had been turned off , and we happened to be sitting in the patch of light thrown by one small lamp .
Where ellipses occur , I have not bothered to copy down the entire list of offerings , selecting only those that struck me as odd , either because of the incongruity of the choice or because I could not , in my wildest flights of dyslexic , schizophrenic fancy , imagine the criteria employed in arriving at the selections .
Instead , the Shopping Avenger was booked onto a later flight and so asked the agent if he could use a British Airways telephone to call Mrs . Shopping Avenger , who would be waiting for him at the other end .
She shuffled around uncomfortably , finally deciding to cut the bread because it was the one thing she could at least guarantee not to spoil . 
Syme could not help feeling a comic contrast between this funereal church parade of apparel and the rich and glistening meadow , growing wild flowers everywhere .
Anne was so impressed by the degree of their danger , that she could not excuse herself from trying to make it perceptible to her sister .
could not have supposed any thing !-- Such elegance and profusion !-- I have seen nothing like it since -- Well , where shall we sit ?
repeated his mistress , waiting for his reply with a calm air of attention , which still more disconcerted Felix ; for , though with an angry person he might have some chance of escape , he knew that he could not invent any excuse in such circumstances , which could stand the examination of a person in her sober senses .
I have an awful suspicion that morning TV here could soon lurch towards its American counterpart , with deep daily deliberations about you and your psyche/milkman/rocking horse/ puma/postman . 
As he came nearer I could see that he was wearing a velveteen suit which was full of holes and splattered with wet clay . 
Her eyes were shining ; I could see that the idea was important to her too . 
There is ample evidence that in the Victorian and Edwardian ages working-class women were knowledgeable about techniques by which they could control family size .
You could have been forgiven for imagining , that Peter Nicholson had undergone surgery to replace his vocal chords with a megaphone .
To be sitting long after dinner , was a confinement that he could not endure .
All I could remember was Billie Dove pasted over the ceiling of my big brother's room .
Agnes looked timid and I could hear the old servant weeping in the scullery . 
Nor can I think that God , Creator wise , Though threatening , will in earnest so destroy Us his prime creatures , dignified so high , Set over all his works ; which in our fall , For us created , needs with us must fail , Dependant made ; so God shall uncreate , Be frustrate , do , undo , and labour lose ; Not well conceived of God , who , though his power Creation could repeat , yet would be loth Us to abolish , lest the Adversary Triumph , and say ; " Fickle their state whom God " Most favours ; who can please him long ?
Alternatively , a person could wear very dark glasses , as light avoidance could help minimize the problems of light exposure at the wrong time of day or night .
`` You could burn down this whole mountainside with a fire that size .
The aunt was a capricious woman , and governed her husband entirely ; but it was not in Mr . Weston ' s nature to imagine that any caprice could be strong enough to affect one so dear , and , as he believed , so deservedly dear .
He also had unusually heavy , drooping eyelids which could make him look comic or sinister , benevolent or supercilious . 
All that she could hope , was that Edward would not often expose her or himself to the distress of hearing Marianne ' s mistaken warmth , nor to the repetition of any other part of the pain that had attended their recent meeting -- and this she had every reason to expect .
` If you want , I could probably get Mum to meet you , " said Josh , drizzling ketchup over his grilled chicken . 
The boy was by now so full of cake he was like a sackful of wet cement and you could n't have hurt him with a sledge-hammer . 
She wore a wedding ring , but she could surely never have had any children of her own . 
In fact , he holds a bronze medal , although it could have been a silver or even a gold if a ref in Los Angeles had n't acted too hastily . 
She had other questions but Stan chose not to be sidetracked from the serious business of telling Oliver he could not stay on the premises after all . 
The battle of the Catalaunian Plains was proof that the imperial policy could work , if only for a limited period of time . 
Stokes .-- Every body invited , was certainly to come ; Frank had already written to Enscombe to propose staying a few days beyond his fortnight , which could not possibly be refused .
Getting drunk every night was the only way I could handle the situation .
Then I could frame my question , but then , of course , I would n't need to . 
Rosalba baked special almond biscuits , hoops of crumbly nuts and fine sugar , intending to wrap some in coloured papers and offer them to Tommaso 's mother as a gift for the feast ; but could not , because , as she was about to set off , she realised that she did not know her well enough to call and give her a present . 
He wondered aloud how much evidence the United States would need in order to deal with these countries , pointing out that major strikes could take up to 60 days to assemble .
the Scripture sayes Adam dig ' d ; could hee digge without Armes ?
Now all this time the other little people of the Green Forest and the Green Meadows had been hiding where they could see all that went on .
Yorath reports no injury worries and he was further heartened last weekend when Rumania , who thrashed the Welsh 5-1 in May , could only manage a draw at home to Czechoslovakia . 
He always looked impertinent and he could look dangerous .
For the first time she could smell the dankness and the odour of rotting seaweed . 
Whenever he was crossed , or could not have his own way instantly , he flew into a passion .
When he questioned , Sir Walter and Elizabeth began to question also , but the difference in their manner of doing it could not be unfelt .
What could be more full of meaning ?-- for the pulpit is ever this earth ' s foremost part ; all the rest comes in its rear ; the pulpit leads the world .
Every island has its own individual character , forged by a unique history and development , in fact the Bahamas could be said to be several different holiday experiences in one country , so it 's important to choose your island carefully to get the kind of holiday you want .
The news could n't have been better , '' said Linda Kristiansen , a Dean Witter Reynolds analyst , in an interview .
Industry analysts suggest that the conquest of Falconbridge could vault Trelleborg from a regional Scandinavian success story to a world-class mining concern .
He was rich , and being turned on shore , fully intended to settle as soon as he could be properly tempted ; actually looking round , ready to fall in love with all the speed which a clear head and a quick taste could allow .
He walked out before she could frame a reply . 
" When I got to Donwell ," said he , " Knightley could not be found .
And Mr. Shultz curtly told Mr. Abrams that the general should be told that only he could repair his tarnished image .
Could not have imagined it .-- So well lighted up !-- Jane , Jane , look !-- did you ever see any thing ?
The House of Lords held that the board alone , and not a committee of the board , could grant special payments to a director so as to bind Guinness . 
It is difficult to see how anyone could notice the absence of white meat or fish with such an unending variety of tastes set before them . 
` People were extremely disappointed that conservationists could not come up with exciting positive solutions for potential land that might come out of agriculture , " says Miss Appleby . 
But there was a secret smile beneath the bland expression , and she worried about his intentions , feeling in her heart that she could never entirely trust Lucenzo .
Back in Ockleton 's rooms at Breakspear , seated by a roaring fire and sipping finer port than he could ever recall tasting , he had asked Ockleton to explain his reaction earlier to Harry 's revelation that Alan Dysart had once worked for him in Swindon . 
It could be a unique occasion ( possibly hilarious ) and a fitting bash to celebrate a decade has seen trainer wear break out on a massive scale . 
That leaves $ 13 , which could be used to buy S&P 500 options that will nearly match any gain in the S&P index .
Julia could feel the cool , faintly bristly skin of his cheek against her face and she was bitterly ashamed that in the middle of his awful pain she was conscious of the pleasure of it . 
He lengthened rather than quickened his pace -- difficult to detect from behind -- stepped into the alley and sprinted as hard as he could . 
Before the house - maid had lit their fire the next day , or the sun gained any power over a cold , gloomy morning in January , Marianne , only half dressed , was kneeling against one of the window - seats for the sake of all the little light she could command from it , and writing as fast as a continual flow of tears would permit her .
No city could look more normal than Zagreb . 
Almost he hoped he should not find the man , and could believe that he had dreamed the angel vision .
Whether that mattress was stuffed with corn - cobs or broken crockery , there is no telling , but I rolled about a good deal , and could not sleep for a long time .
The USA Today lead about this story emphasizes the concerns of U . S . officials that the verdict could lead to more terrorism against Americans , especially in light of yesterday 's murders in Pakistan .
On the one hand I could send us both to prison , shame my mother , beggar my brothers , scandalize the city and blacken the Miletti name for evermore . 
Could you all sit down " -- here she definitely shot me a disdainful and slightly triumphant look -- on the FLOOR ! " 
No man could have reached his spot nor held it without being ruthless , and Hague had made a virtue of ruthlessness all of his life .
This can only be defined by a large claw-like grasp on his left forearm , which could be identified as a tentacle of the Hydra . 
Undergraduates could soon find themselves billeted within the walls of a Victorian jail . 
A true nuclear weapons delivery capability could be obtained within the next five years .
The surprise of finding himself almost alone with Anne Elliot , deprived his manners of their usual composure : he started , and could only say , " I thought the Miss Musgroves had been here : Mrs Musgrove told me I should find them here ," before he walked to the window to recollect himself , and feel how he ought to behave .
She did n't like it , but she could n't back away without making it very obvious that her nerve-ends were definitely reacting to his closeness . 
Either poet could quickly and easily select words or phrases to supply his immediate requirements as he chanted out his lines , because the kennings and the epithets made possible the construction of systems of numerous synonyms for the chief common and proper nouns .
Seven-thirty came and she glanced through the curtains to see if she could see your car drawing up . 
But when her lips opened under his , welcoming his invasion , he could no longer hold back , and his kiss became urgent , demanding a response she was ready to give . 
He almost fancied he could hear dynamiters come to capture him shifting softly in the corridor outside .
Charles gave it for Louisa , Mary for Henrietta , but quite agreeing that to have him marry either could be extremely delightful .
Both men and women of twenty-one years of age could register and vote upon presenting proof of residence and identification .
Idealists could claim that British policy had been tardy and hesitant . 
His chief reward for the painful exertion of disclosing past sorrows and present humiliations , was given in the pitying eye with which Marianne sometimes observed him , and the gentleness of her voice whenever ( though it did not often happen ) she was obliged , or could oblige herself to speak to him .
In his book , Pablo 's War , the 41-year-old squadron leader said some pilots could not face repeated low-level attacks , dropping JP233 bombs on Iraqi airfields .
and I can account for it only in one way ; you are not yourself , or you could not speak either to me , or of Harriet , in such a manner .
" We had better not talk about it , my dear ," replied Mrs Croft , pleasantly ; " for if Miss Elliot were to hear how soon we came to an understanding , she would never be persuaded that we could be happy together .
I am glad you find Mr Elliot so agreeable , and wish I could be acquainted with him too ; but I have my usual luck : I am always out of the way when any thing desirable is going on ; always the last of my family to be noticed .
If he said , Nay ; 12 : 6 Then said they unto him , Say now Shibboleth : and he said Sibboleth : for he could not frame to pronounce it right .
In the distance we could hear the drums and the wail of the death song .
It must have been from attachment only , that she could be led to form the engagement .
Above the nervous chatter that continued once the corporal had left , Charlie could hear the last post being played on a bugle from the castle battlements . 
He looked from one hazy form to another , their stillness more frightening than if they had been moving , for mobility would have at least given them some form , something he could identify . 
He could hardly expect her to queue at a bus stop .
But the chief priests and the scribes and the chief of the people sought to destroy him , 19 : 48 And could not find what they might do : for all the people were very attentive to hear him .
She could n't help but wonder what the effect would be if he ever said anything worth listening to . 
The centurion … commanded that they which could swim should cast themselves first into the sea and get to land . 
Some changes may come in the ` bottom-up " review now bubbling through the Pentagon ; others could be brought in when the organisation gets a new boss . 
It is less sure that anyone in 1975 could have foreseen the dramatic increase in the demand for places in the ten years to follow . 
I was as quiet as I could be , but all the same , I ca n't help wondering if at some stage he realised I was on his heels .
" Look ye here , then ," cried Ahab , passionately advancing , and leaning with both hands on Perth ' s shoulders ; " look ye here -- HERE -- can ye smoothe out a seam like this , blacksmith ," sweeping one hand across his ribbed brow ; " if thou could ' st , blacksmith , glad enough would I lay my head upon thy anvil , and feel thy heaviest hammer between my eyes .
This account cleared up the otherwise unaccountable mystery , and showed that the landlord , after all , had had no idea of fooling me -- but at the same time what could I think of a harpooneer who stayed out of a Saturday night clean into the holy Sabbath , engaged in such a cannibal business as selling the heads of dead idolators ?
You could not , of course , raise feed for the livestock on a plot this small .
She even devised a system of colors , whereby the boy could easily distinguish the different note values .
He was cut short by the eager attacks of the little boys , clinging to him like an old friend , and declaring he should not go ; and being too much engrossed by proposals of carrying them away in his coat pockets , & c ., to have another moment for finishing or recollecting what he had begun , Anne was left to persuade herself , as well as she could , that the same brother must still be in question .
You could attach a bootlace from the last mane plait to the top of the bridle to keep the bridle on in case of a fall . 
She found she could just catch a direct Finnair flight if she hurried .
Before he could hit the rat , however , it jumped to the floor with a squeak . 
True affection only could have prompted it ."
20 : 16 Among all this people there were seven hundred chosen men lefthanded ; every one could sling stones at an hair breadth , and not miss .
Do you think we could have put radishes in all the rows ?"
I remember lying in bed and the only thing I could see was the dim glow of the light bulb on the ceiling . 
` Emilia , dearest , do you imagine I could abandon you now at the very moment I have longed for ? 
Smith knew that Wilson was a socialist : that he could never admit any discrimination based on racial factors , and all the things that Smith abominated . 
She took a look over her shoulder and saw a horse and rider behind her and at full stretch , but with the sun in her eyes , Artemis could n't distinguish who it was . 
The Russians could avoid the danger of encirclement by withdrawing entirely from the salient , or advance in overwhelming numbers to seize both East Prussia and Galicia . 
Today , all three facilities undertake projects requiring advanced microbiology and genetic engineering equipment and expertise that could be applied toward the production of biological weapons .
` I could n't fault the midfield today . 
My mum does n't have a clue where he is and says she does n't think she can divorce him because of this for all we know he could be dead . 
He knew I worked with Malcolm because he was one of the few teachers I could have a conversation with about something more than homework or football . 
Cleaning up eastern Germany 's disastrous pollution could prove ruinously expensive for many businesses . 
People knew what I could do , yet they thought I was n't able to do little things , like walking down a hallway .
Marianne ' s was finished in a very few minutes ; in length it could be no more than a note ; it was then folded up , sealed , and directed with eager rapidity .
The girls at work admired her for living with a man and not being married to him , but she could forgo that pleasure , she thought , for the baby 's sake . 
Lady Middleton frequently called him to order , wondered how any one ' s attention could be diverted from music for a moment , and asked Marianne to sing a particular song which Marianne had just finished .
He could not imagine her living anywhere else but in Wychwood Forest . 
Nonetheless , Shihbani , the insurgent fighter interviewed here , voiced the hope that drones could stop government forces now outside town from hitting Misurata with rocket , mortar and artillery fire from beyond the city gates .
The Sun enters Gemini on the 20th and highlights romance and the good things in life , but tempers could flare if you do n't settle a complex moral or financial issue .
Of course , she knew it would be foolish of her to imagine that this benign state of affairs could possibly last . 
The statement was also made that undoubtedly the railroad had received some compensating benefit from the telegraphers , but that it was difficult to imagine what could balance a job for life .
If internal frictions arose , they could be handled by the 25,000-man Congolese army , the Force Publique , which had been trained and was still officered by white Belgians .
And yet only about 50% of cochlear sensory neurons are lost overall with a less severe loss in the apex in which we could not detect any immature hair cells with MyoVIIa immunocytochemistry .
She could do without the Romance and the Glamour , the heart-stopping uniform and the V.C . 
21 : 34 And some cried one thing , some another , among the multitude : and when he could not know the certainty for the tumult , he commanded him to be carried into the castle .
We always think of fat people as heavy , but he could have danced against a sylph .
They had gone from fairly relaxed enemies , who could at least eat together , to this state of nerve-breaking tension . 
Coun Richmond believes the authority squandered the opportunity to create a shops development in part of the town centre which could be hit by the new Cornmill shopping complex .
As soon as I could use my hands she taught me to knit , which has been a great amusement ; and she put me in the way of making these little thread - cases , pin - cushions and card - racks , which you always find me so busy about , and which supply me with the means of doing a little good to one or two very poor families in this neighbourhood .
He had left the hills into which the road took him on the second day , but he could see them in the distance , a hummocky bluish line nudging up into the purer blue of the sky . 
I could do no more than prowl about him . 
" I 'm glad for you , my lord , but I expect that as you 're so rich you could have had any woman you wanted .
He was wearing a balaclava so all I could see was his eyes . 
Embarrassed to be the centre of this little posse the photographer could do little more than shake his head and answer in monosyllables . 
As a result , Bland said the company could now sell more software without increasing its cost base . 
BOSNIA 'S Muslim president yesterday suspended temporarily his participation in international peace talks in New York , saying he could not be involved as long as Serbs continued their offensive in eastern Bosnia and Sarajevo .
I could scream abuse at him all day long ; he would n't mind at all . 
Francis forced himself to look at the screens again , and he could see that there were less of the winged creatures flitting among the struts and cables . 
Would that I could keep squeezing that sperm for ever !
" One can suppose nothing else ," added Mrs . Cole , " and I was only surprized that there could ever have been a doubt .
A handsome yet sylvan prospect where you could promenade to the music of brass bands . 
` It encouraged drivers to limit their drinking because there might have been the conception that you could n't tell people not to drink at all , " says the DoT spokesman . 
It is , as one engineer says , `` indeed a difficult thing for the engineer to accept that he can go as far on his technical merit as he could employing managerial skills .
Such a mechanism could play a role in normal limb development , laying down a basic prepattern of cartilaginous elements : first one element , then two , then three , and so on .
The phones ringing on each floor must have awakened Anna , for she could hear bare feet padding overhead . 
Vigil strange I kept on the field one night ; When you my son and my comrade dropt at my side that day , One look I but gave which your dear eyes return ' d with a look I shall never forget , One touch of your hand to mine O boy , reach ' d up as you lay on the ground , Then onward I sped in the battle , the even - contested battle , Till late in the night reliev ' d to the place at last again I made my way , Found you in death so cold dear comrade , found your body son of responding kisses , ( never again on earth responding ,) Bared your face in the starlight , curious the scene , cool blew the moderate night - wind , Long there and then in vigil I stood , dimly around me the battlefield spreading , Vigil wondrous and vigil sweet there in the fragrant silent night , But not a tear fell , not even a long - drawn sigh , long , long I gazed , Then on the earth partially reclining sat by your side leaning my chin in my hands , Passing sweet hours , immortal and mystic hours with you dearest comrade -- not a tear , not a word , Vigil of silence , love and death , vigil for you my son and my soldier , As onward silently stars aloft , eastward new ones upward stole , Vigil final for you brave boy , ( I could not save you , swift was your death , I faithfully loved you and cared for you living , I think we shall surely meet again ,) Till at latest lingering of the night , indeed just as the dawn appear ' d , My comrade I wrapt in his blanket , envelop ' d well his form , Folded the blanket well , tucking it carefully over head and carefully under feet , And there and then and bathed by the rising sun , my son in his grave , in his rude - dug grave I deposited , Ending my vigil strange with that , vigil of night and battle - field dim , Vigil for boy of responding kisses , ( never again on earth responding ,) Vigil for comrade swiftly slain , vigil I never forget , how as day brighten ' d , I rose from the chill ground and folded my soldier well in his blanket , And buried him where he fell .
With her sensuous smile and her bare shoulders , she could be likened to a contented cat who knows she has found a good home . 
It was to be a whole - length in water - colours , like Mr . John Knightley ' s , and was destined , if she could please herself , to hold a very honourable station over the mantelpiece .
Mr . Frank Churchill to be making such a speech as that to the uncle and aunt , who have brought him up , and are to provide for him !-- Standing up in the middle of the room , I suppose , and speaking as loud as he could !-- How can you imagine such conduct practicable ?"
How could a violently anti-system movement conceived for an extraordinary emergency akin to that of 1940 adapt to a gradualist parliamentary strategy ? 
She was entreated to give them as much of her time as possible , invited for every day and all day long , or rather claimed as part of the family ; and , in return , she naturally fell into all her wonted ways of attention and assistance , and on Charles ' s leaving them together , was listening to Mrs Musgrove ' s history of Louisa , and to Henrietta ' s of herself , giving opinions on business , and recommendations to shops ; with intervals of every help which Mary required , from altering her ribbon to settling her accounts ; from finding her keys , and assorting her trinkets , to trying to convince her that she was not ill - used by anybody ; which Mary , well amused as she generally was , in her station at a window overlooking the entrance to the Pump Room , could not but have her moments of imagining .
He could hear his grandad 's scornful retort . 
No harm done , or anything -- I had a bet with a friend that I could n't con you . " 
There was lack of comprehension at how it could have happened and why the 63th Army could not have been relieved , and little consolation for bereaved relatives in the official interpretation of ` heroic sacrifice " . 
He did not believe it to proceed from any thing that care and medicine might not remove , or at least that she might not have many years of existence before her ; but he could not be prevailed on , by all his father ' s doubts , to say that her complaints were merely imaginary , or that she was as strong as ever .
21 : 25 And there are also many other things which Jesus did , the which , if they should be written every one , I suppose that even the world itself could not contain the books that should be written .
He could hardly contain himself .
Lutyens solved the problem with the simple device of a closely-fitting outer shell that could be raised and lowered over the inner fabric of the house from machinery installed in its roof space . 
Then he could collect his thoughts , formulate his policy , and decide finally whether he should or should not keep faith with Gregory .
It could reach key tactical points faster than infantry and destroy them or hold them as the case might be for the foot soldier .
Then on June 15th I went to John 's from work and was told Clare had had an accident , but he could n't tell me how serious .
Nothing could make it necessary to proclaim it to the whole world '' .
Nothing but a thorough change of sentiment could account for it .
He was not sure how much of this desire was due to his devotion to the church and how much was his own ego , demanding to be satisfied , for the two were intertwined and could not be separated .
The pipe uncovered in Ballymena , the witness estimated , could have contained about nine grammes of fireworks powder . 
Young students studying at his university could also be vulnerable emotionally .
Several of the individuals and organizations that we contacted said that the agencies should move to a more standardized approach , and said that standardization could make the current system of participation more accessible to the public .
Her first attempts at usefulness were in an endeavour to find out who were the parents , but Harriet could not tell .
He could do little during the day , for Murillo took every precaution and never went out save with his satellite Lucas , or Lopez as he was known in the days of his greatness .
When it came to such a pitch as this , she was not able to refrain from a start , or a heavy sigh , or even from walking about the room for a few seconds -- and the only source whence any thing like consolation or composure could be drawn , was in the resolution of her own better conduct , and the hope that , however inferior in spirit and gaiety might be the following and every future winter of her life to the past , it would yet find her more rational , more acquainted with herself , and leave her less to regret when it were gone .
The King ' s argument was , that anything that had a head could be beheaded , and that you weren ' t to talk nonsense .
He hoped they would all excuse the smallness of the party , and could assure them it should never happen so again .
She could feel the uneven thump of her heart through the silky , Oriental-patterned material of her blouse , while her brain was whirring …
Fashion could have found no fault with his high silk hat --, yet it was unlike anyone else ' s hat -- a little higher , perhaps , and adding something to his natural height .
`` Don't worry , I can get plenty more '' , Eugenia said , wondering where in the world she could .
Every white hair seemed visible on the pink , painted skin , as if brushed in separately , and you could see the grainy texture of the nose . 
Nor could the cadets yet don the power armour necessary to heft such bulk . 
Disapproval of the meeting was based largely on the belief that the timing could hardly be worse .
They supplemented their income by small government assistance , by tutoring and economizing wherever they could .
He should like to see the old house again exceedingly , and should be very happy to meet Mr . and Mrs . Elton , and any other of his neighbours .-- He could not see any objection at all to his , and Emma ' s , and Harriet ' s going there some very fine morning .
But even at that great distance they could see something so fanatical , so unquestionable in his figure , that they knew it was the Secretary himself .
The forces of the Union could draw sustenance , as I have suggested , from the reconceptualization of the American people as an organic nation .
` I knew I could count on you , " she cooed . 
Perdita was trembling so badly that she could hardly zip up her boots . 
When these had been pocketed , we could still spend a morning cracking open other pebbles for our delight in seeing how much prettier they were inside than their dull exteriors indicated .
` They could n't take their eyes off the dancers . 
-- SAID I COULD NOT SWIM --" you can ' t swim , can you ?'
We could have guessed that Abraham would end up paying over the odds , but not as much as this . 
Posing as a financial adviser , he told them he could make a quick fortune on the house , farm and flats left by her husband Peter .
Perhaps an arrangement could be worked out to `` sponsor '' El Espectador journalists and staff by paying for added security in exchange for exclusive stories .
Anne smiled more than once to herself during this speech , and entered into the subject , as ready to do good by entering into the feelings of a young lady as of a young man , though here it was good of a lower standard , for what could be offered but general acquiescence ?
Because glial growth factors could be involved in the development of the peripheral nervous system , we have localized , by preliminary in situ hybridization experiments , the sites of GGF transcription in the developing rodent nervous system ( Fig. 4 ) .
The doctor could call it anything from flu to beriberi ; ;
But there was something fantastic about the snow combined with something artificial about the gold that haunted Flambeau as well as his friend with some association he could not capture , but which he knew was at once artistic and alien .
While the two crews were yet circling in the waters , reaching out after the revolving line - tubs , oars , and other floating furniture , while aslope little Flask bobbed up and down like an empty vial , twitching his legs upwards to escape the dreaded jaws of sharks ; and Stubb was lustily singing out for some one to ladle him up ; and while the old man ' s line -- now parting -- admitted of his pulling into the creamy pool to rescue whom he could ;-- in that wild simultaneousness of a thousand concreted perils ,-- Ahab ' s yet unstricken boat seemed drawn up towards Heaven by invisible wires ,-- as , arrow - like , shooting perpendicularly from the sea , the White Whale dashed his broad forehead against its bottom , and sent it , turning over and over , into the air ; till it fell again -- gunwale downwards -- and Ahab and his men struggled out from under it , like seals from a sea - side cave .
Julie could have swum all the way home from South Africa , she had so much stamina in the water .
The Miss Musgroves agreed to it ; and having all kindly watched him as far up the hill as they could , they returned to the breakfast table .
He could produce carefully constructed orations , set and formal speeches , artfully and prayerfully made by writing and rewriting with all the aid his tutor and others could provide , and then delivered verbatim from memory .
He thought that if once , only once , he could talk with Simms Purdew , something about his own life , and all life , would be clear and simple .
One study carried out in Canada showed that 20 per cent of cases could be attributed to true IgE-mediated allergy to food . 
With the lower dealer inventories and the stepped-up demand some manufacturers believe there could be shortages of some implements .
With difficulty however could she prevent her from following him herself ; and to persuade her to check her agitation , to wait , at least , with the appearance of composure , till she might speak to him with more privacy and more effect , was impossible ; for Marianne continued incessantly to give way in a low voice to the misery of her feelings , by exclamations of wretchedness .
Mrs . Weston kissed her with tears of joy ; and when she could find utterance , assured her , that this protestation had done her more good than any thing else in the world could do .
Unless an appeal is lodged within 28 days of sentencing he could be free in a little over two years .
In addition , Hewlett-Packard , while a much smaller player , has made a big commitment to the sorts of industry standards that facilitate those hookups and could give IBM some problems .
I have been loath to believe that any nation , even our present enemies , could or would be willing to loose upon mankind such terrible and inhumane weapons .
President Mubarak of Egypt warned that the continued emigration of Soviet Jews to Israel , could spark a new war in the Middle East . 
I could consult this personage on any weekday morning , though not before ten o'clock .
Nor could he call up memory-pictures of close friends or relatives .
He had lifted her into his arms before she could protest , although in truth she hardly felt in any condition to trek back up the incline towards the barn . 
For Spengler , this historical progression was a deterministic feature of all cultures , although heroic actions of individuals and peoples could delay the inevitable sequence of the next phase of development .
The book could be The Brothers Karamazov , but it would still have the same jacket illustration .
She had weathered it , however , and could truly say that it had done her good .
After one year I could walk away from the Ameritas policy with $ 792 , but Id get only $ 14 from the Equitable .
Mrs Lomax fumbled with the ignition switch and Jack could see that she was close to tears again . 
Actually , you could wish for some passion , now and then , but when you look around the world and see the little volcanos of current history which partisan social passions have wrought , you are glad that in these pamphlets there is at least some civilized calm .
These areas , by virtue of their abrupt density of pattern , stated the literal surface with such new and superior force that the resulting contrast drove the simulated printing into a depth from which it could be rescued -- and set to shuttling again -- only by conventional perspective ; ;
The issues relating to legal admissibility require careful thought about how a major case could be co-ordinated . 
Mr . Gresham , however , did not imagine that a new house alone could make him happy .
He was feeling genuinely enthusiastic , in a splendid mood , but he was nervously aware that it could disappear any minute . 
When I asked if they could make me an identical one trimmed with black fur and beading instead , they were horrified but they agreed in the end . " 
My waist size had suddenly increased and I could not get into my trousers any more . 
The little Country Mouse liked the taste so much that he could hardly nibble fast enough .
Outside Julia could hear the patter of rain drops on the back path . 
She often told herself it was folly , before she could harden her nerves sufficiently to feel the continual discussion of the Crofts and their business no evil .
After all , many of those he was up against would have been miners , like his five brothers , like Ifor who could carry a bag of cement under each arm . 
He could hardly limp across the room and offer her a plastic spoon , especially as it had already been used . 
There was not anything she could do there , but that was where everyone was , or would be .
The agreement has quashed speculation that the line could quit the port after setting up container services here 24 years ago . 
For subtle swinging rhythms , I could admire intensely Mulligan's version of `` Weep '' , and the fireworks went on display in `` 18 Carrots For Robert '' , a sax tribute to Johnny Hodges .
However , what I had hoped for did happen ; people came away from the workshop with a desire to see how they could use the experience and the insight they had gained within their own establishments . 
She told me she did n't eat lunch any more as it had become a bourgeois meal , but I could call in for a cup of de-caff and con her into whatever it was I wanted . 
He thought hazily of ghosts ; and was surprised how swiftly he could see the image of an appropriate and local ghost , one with a face as white as Pierrot ' s , but patched with black .
I could n't imagine myself making my children happy , having no conception of how to go about it . 
The only fault I could find with this machine was that the indicator lights for Caps , Num and Scroll Lock did n't work . 
He said the opposition has held firm that Kadafi and his family be excluded from any future government , but added it was possible the dictator could live out his last years in Libya at an isolated location .
One could shave in the reflection of its French-polished panels , and its axles were greased like those of roulette wheels .
He was thin , dark and sallow , with prominent brown eyes , and he could have passed anywhere as a Lebanese or a Palestinian . 
He was holding a pint of beer in his left hand , and , when he smiled , I could see the fillings in his teeth . 
So Reddy pretended not to believe a word of what Little Joe Otter had said , and he agreed with Blacky that only by seeing Farmer Brown ' s boy afraid could he ever be made to believe it .
This would seem to indicate that we are trying neither `` to halt an influx of migrants '' nor are we `` setting up such standards for development that only the well-to-do could afford to buy land and build in the new sites '' .
He heard cries from behind him , but he could make out no words .
I lived in perpetual fright at that time , and had all manner of imaginary complaints from not knowing what to do with myself , or when I should hear from him next ; but as long as we could be together , nothing ever ailed me , and I never met with the smallest inconvenience ."
He was putting on his heavy overcoat , asked again casually if he could have a look at the glass . 
" But there was a time long ago when the cassowary could fly as well as the bower-bird. " the old man rumbled as he reached for a sweetcorn in the cinders . 
Emma could have wished Mrs . Elton elsewhere ; but she was in a humour to have patience with every body ; and as Mrs . Elton met her with unusual graciousness , she hoped the rencontre would do them no harm .
Anyone could fall from a cliff , even great ladies …
He had just dismounted ;-- she could not be mistaken ,-- it WAS Edward .
In addition , celebrities such as Christopher Reeve and Michael J. Fox have given a human face to the many people who could benefit from effective regenerative therapies .
He had been prevented setting off for Thornberry , but I really forget by what ; for I was in a hurry , and could not much attend , and I can only answer for his being determined not to be delayed in his return .
What more could a con man in search of the easy life ask for ?
Only the equally massive Central Station in Tokyo could compare with it . 
Her father was on the brink of alcoholism , a pathetic figure who could only face life if he had a bottle in his hand . 
I could n't stand seein' the poor fings in those traps , " Aggie groaned .
At this moment Frank began talking so vigorously , that Emma could not but imagine he had overheard his own praises , and did not want to hear more ;-- and the voices of the ladies were drowned for a while , till another suspension brought Mrs . Elton ' s tones again distinctly forward .-- Mr .
The recently launched www.hr5034.org website is the creation of the National Beer Wholesalers Association and and appears to be the repository all the misrepresentation , ignorance and misleading ideas supporters of H.R. 5034 could possibly muster .
He could not believe her to be encouraging him .
Someone had trapped folded paper in the bottom drawer and removed the handles so it could no longer be opened except , perhaps , by a very strong man . 
They fear that revenge-minded assailants could arrive at any moment .
He was Julius Kahn for whom the Chief of Staff thought no honor could be too great .
The split could have gone in a different direction with different characterizations and emphases within the overall framework .
13 : 7 And there are gathered unto him vain men , the children of Belial , and have strengthened themselves against Rehoboam the son of Solomon , when Rehoboam was young and tenderhearted , and could not withstand them .
But this was a kind of modern meanness to which Syme could not sink even in his extreme morbidity .
And you could watch those little blue eyes that never quite met yours . 
I could also see the clouds across the bay from the horrible fire in the Marina District of San Francisco .
Mission Street at this hour was populated by a whole community that Gun could not have seen on his tour of duty -- the neighborhood that had known Urbano Quintana by day .
A £150,000 hi-tech car wash could open next to Scarborough 's ambulance station later this year if plans are given the green light .
Could any man believe he had the right to send another to his death simply because he had once been to gaol ? 
At first I could n't see them , but when I heard a little quack I had a close look and saw them all there huddled together and trying to keep warm . 
At once my ears were drowned by a flow of what I took to be Spanish , but -- the driver's white teeth flashing at me , the road wildly veering beyond his glistening hair , beyond his gesticulating bottle -- it could have been the purest Oxford English I was half hearing ; ;
Anyway , I thought I could be doing better things here , and I wanted a hot drink and I was feeling a bit peckish . 
It tried to jump off the table and had to be held firmly so that Sophie could freeze the surrounding area before lancing it .
But the win , achieved with four balls to spare , was clouded by an injury to opening batsman Aamir Sohail , who strained a thigh muscle and could miss half the series . 
They disparage themselves for doubting and in the same breath defend their doubt like a treasured possession which nothing could persuade them to give up . 
He anticipated new openings for Anglo-American coproduction , in which British talent could be deployed with American actors on films financed by the Americans and given proper distribution in the US . 
He 'd even been inside the building , and could describe who sat where .
Given the value attached to a lord 's maintenance of his servants ' local interests , national eminence could not , in itself , create a significant connection in areas where the lord had no other influence .
The results could have been disastrous for the force which has already had to freeze recruitment of officers during 1993 to keep within a tight budget .
Her own mother contemplated such depravity with sorrow , convinced that it could do the poor creatures no good . 
If he did n't want to go to court for a very minor offence , then you could caution him . 
How could she feel such deep emotions for a man who riled her so easily ? 
But before she could continue , he was brushing past her roughtly , almost causing her to stagger and stumble back down the steps . 
I mean we did see some strange tracks and we did find this sheep which had been completely gutted , but apparently that could have been done by a snow leopard . 
At Yalta the West still believed that Eastern Europe could be kept in its orbit , in spite of the onrushing Soviet armies .
The forgiveness , at first , indeed , as was reasonable , comprehended only Robert ; and Lucy , who had owed his mother no duty and therefore could have transgressed none , still remained some weeks longer unpardoned .
When they first shared a tent in the rainforest , how could they have foreseen that the camp would be Jane 's home for almost her entire adult life ? 
Something was happening all right , slowly it is true , but you could feel it .
Here was another puzzling question ; and as Alice could not think of any good reason , and as the Caterpillar seemed to be in a VERY unpleasant state of mind , she turned away .
Suddenly she knew that she could not make the haul uphill to Hampstead and went across to Charing Cross Road for the 24 bus . 
And as she begged , she looked from one hard face to another , with trusting , imploring eyes , as if she could not believe men could be really bad .
He seems to have possessed an ingenuous self-assurance which could get him into difficulties and arouse antagonism . 
Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi set a date next month for general elections that some analysts say could cost him and his ruling Congress -LRB- I -RRB- Party control of the government .
Was it sheer bravado on Obispal 's part that he disdained to fire explosive bolts at that creature which itself could not manipulate a gun ? 
But the I offended the schoolmaster very much not sitting this exam because erm his record depended upon how many pupils he could get to pass this exam .
Whilst this amiable mistress and maid were in their adversity reviling one another , Susan , when she saw that she could be of no further use , was preparing to depart , but at the house - door , she was met by Mr . Case .
In the event of loss or damage , carriers , shippers , consignees and their financiers could count on sets of insurers to pay the claims .
And they could not eat thereof .
It could be assumed , in the absence of any evidence to the contrary , that if an ad had achieved , at the least , Awareness and Interest , it would be remembered .
She could not call herself an invalid now , compared with her state on first reaching Bath .
The declaration removes the Russian security forces ' ability to impose curfews and roadblocks in the territory and could lead to the withdrawal of 20,000 policemen and soldiers , state media reported .
But he floated into the midst of a sea of water stretching as far as he could discern on every side around him . 
Her mind was inevitably at liberty ; her thoughts could not be chained elsewhere ; and the past and the future , on a subject so interesting , must be before her , must force her attention , and engross her memory , her reflection , and her fancy .
He said he could do it .
It could have been an accident '' .
But I tell you this -- even if the corpse is not James 's , Surrey himself assured me that no royal personage could escape from that battle .
It is intended to provide household water to 30 million people , and irrigate crops which could feed 20 million , as well as generating large quantities of hydro-electric power .
she could dust the plants , then break off suddenly and pick up an old novel and read from the middle on ; ;
The Nez Perce elected Toohoolhoolzote as their spokesman , the eloquent , uncompromising Dreamer Shaman who could reputedly carry a slain deer on each shoulder . 
I could n't blame him ; only a few days before an eminent surgeon had been badly mugged in the entrance to his Harley Street office in the middle of the afternoon . 
As I rummaged through the chest , gathering up as much as I could carry without dropping any , I found knitted scarves , blankets , gloves , socks and all sorts of garments of varying sizes . 
" I wish you could persuade Mary not to be always fancying herself ill ," was Charles ' s language ; and , in an unhappy mood , thus spoke Mary : " I do believe if Charles were to see me dying , he would not think there was anything the matter with me .
Billy could easily have ferried her across the river in his boat , as he had done many times before . 
He had made an allegedly anti-Turkish speech on Sept. 21 and had reportedly criticized US President George Bush for US neutrality over Nagorny-Karabakh , an attitude which the Armenian leadership feared could jeopardise Western aid . 
But , on the other hand , she could not admit herself to be unhappy , nor , after the first morning , to be less disposed for employment than usual ; she was still busy and cheerful ; and , pleasing as he was , she could yet imagine him to have faults ; and farther , though thinking of him so much , and , as she sat drawing or working , forming a thousand amusing schemes for the progress and close of their attachment , fancying interesting dialogues , and inventing elegant letters ; the conclusion of every imaginary declaration on his side was that she _refused_ _him_ .
They could feel angry , embarrassed and even guilty because of the comments of over-anxious parents who keep hinting about their longing for grandchildren , or make it clear that they think there should be no more . 
Captain Wentworth was folding up a letter in great haste , and either could not or would not answer fully .
During the first broadcast , the captain or first officer could be heard declaring `` Mayday '' amid the sounds of a physical struggle in the cockpit .
20 : 7 And they answered , that they could not tell whence it was .
1980 , USEPA adopted the policy that ELS test data could be used in establishing water quality criteria if data from full life-cycle tests were not available ( USEPA , 1980a ) .
She has cousins here , you know , and many acquaintance , which would make it cheerful for her , and I am sure she would be glad to get to a place where she could have medical attendance at hand , in case of his having another seizure .
While the Duchess sang the second verse of the song , she kept tossing the baby violently up and down , and the poor little thing howled so , that Alice could hardly hear the words :--
He was going to take any opportunity he could to get her off his team , so there was little point in her trying to argue her case with him . 
She could soon tell at what coachmaker ' s the new carriage was building , by what painter Mr . Willoughby ' s portrait was drawn , and at what warehouse Miss Grey ' s clothes might be seen .
I never could find out what his business was .
Making no concessions to the concept of melody , the band members blasted away at their instruments as loud as they could . 
A powerful argument for causation could be the effect of treatment interventions . 
She felt the loss of Willoughby ' s character yet more heavily than she had felt the loss of his heart ; his seduction and desertion of Miss Williams , the misery of that poor girl , and the doubt of what his designs might ONCE have been on herself , preyed altogether so much on her spirits , that she could not bring herself to speak of what she felt even to Elinor ; and , brooding over her sorrows in silence , gave more pain to her sister than could have been communicated by the most open and most frequent confession of them .
Sam could turn a family disagreement into a war , a difference of opinion into a drama . 
Another kind developed in which the elaborated worm did not attach itself to the sea floor but continued to crawl about and secreted a small conical tent of shell under which it could huddle when in danger . 
A statement was issued from Ibrox yesterday detailing the unsatisfactory nature of the dealings with Bernard Tapie 's club , while expressing regret that there was nothing more Rangers could do on behalf of their now disgruntled fans . 
It has also been argued that a lifting of the exemption could induce spiteful and malicious allegations by wives , particularly where divorce proceedings were involved . 
Nobody liked to hire him because you never could tell when he was going to be taken drunk .
7 : 21 And the fish that was in the river died ; and the river stank , and the Egyptians could not drink of the water of the river ; and there was blood throughout all the land of Egypt .
He could pick up another pack on his way home , if he were going home .
An expert predicts that the research could relegate today 's Native Americans to `` just another Ellis Island group '' and threaten their hard-won legal rights .
" But I said , old man , that ere thou couldst die on this voyage , two hearses must verily be seen by thee on the sea ; the first not made by mortal hands ; and the visible wood of the last one must be grown in America ."
She was then interrupted by Harriet ' s coming in ; and if Harriet ' s praise could have satisfied her , she might soon have been comforted .
Until now , you could n't bake with reduced fat spreads .
None of this could be happening , Bowring told himself wildly : it was too outrageous , it meant that anything could happen , it was the beginning of total chaos .
In spite of the answer , therefore , she ordered the carriage , and drove to Mrs . Bates ' s , in the hope that Jane would be induced to join her -- but it would not do ;-- Miss Bates came to the carriage door , all gratitude , and agreeing with her most earnestly in thinking an airing might be of the greatest service -- and every thing that message could do was tried -- but all in vain .
He , her father , a well - meaning , but not a quick - sighted man , could really , I believe , give no information ; for he had been generally confined to the house , while the girls were ranging over the town and making what acquaintance they chose ; and he tried to convince me , as thoroughly as he was convinced himself , of his daughter ' s being entirely unconcerned in the business .
He asked me more than once if he could telephone for a lawyer who had helped him a long time ago in a trade dispute , and in every sense acted as you would expect an innocent man to act .
It was a dreadful picture of ingratitude and inhumanity ; and Anne felt , at some moments , that no flagrant open crime could have been worse .
Sir John turned and belched as loudly as he could . 
The reporter must have written this with tongue in cheek , because Dexter's oration could hardly be understood ; ;
His estate had been rated by Sir John at about six or seven hundred a year ; but he lived at an expense to which that income could hardly be equal , and he had himself often complained of his poverty .
MacIan looked at the silver sunset that was closing in , barred by plumy lines of purple cloud ; he looked at the high tree - tops that caught the last light and at the birds going heavily homeward , just as if all these things were bits of written advice that he could read .
There was more firing and I could hear chips of wood being torn from the trees . 
Sir John Middleton , who called on them every day for the first fortnight , and who was not in the habit of seeing much occupation at home , could not conceal his amazement on finding them always employed .
On my left , a vestal virgin who 'd taken possession of a whole bottle of champagne was having a violent argument in Spanish with a man who could only be Nero . 
Their song was partial ; but the harmony ( What could it less when Spirits immortal sing ?)
Delightful , charming , superior , first circles , spheres , lines , ranks , every thing -- and Mrs . Elton was wild to have the offer closed with immediately .-- On her side , all was warmth , energy , and triumph -- and she positively refused to take her friend ' s negative , though Miss Fairfax continued to assure her that she would not at present engage in any thing , repeating the same motives which she had been heard to urge before .-- Still Mrs . Elton insisted on being authorised to write an acquiescence by the morrow ' s post .-- How Jane could bear it at all , was astonishing to Emma .-- She did look vexed , she did speak pointedly -- and at last , with a decision of action unusual to her , proposed a removal .-- " Should not they walk ?
why come not on these victors proud Ere while they fierce were coming ; and when we , To entertain them fair with open front And breast , ( what could we more ?)
At the top of a wave she could easily see across the Longstone rock to the other side . 
Clearly , this is a programme which could command considerable support , but its development has been impeded by several problems .
He could not break in on an armed man .
We could not marry , but he has kept me in comfort ever since we became lovers and he fathered my two children . 
She was not a girl , he could see .
Merger of Banstead and Horton had been decided upon as an option as early as 1979 , and NHS managers were unsure of how far comprehensive community service without mental hospitals could be developed . 
Gnawed within and scorched without , with the infixed , unrelenting fangs of some incurable idea ; such an one , could he be found , would seem the very man to dart his iron and lift his lance against the most appalling of all brutes .
The Committee begins by expressing surprise that the position of English within the educational system has " scarcely any history " However , such a revelation could only be surprising in the light of the Committee " s own characterization of " English " as a discipline of education , dependent in itself upon quite recent social developments ( see pp. 44-5 ) . 
Could it be an incident in a Masterplan that we do not yet comprehend ?
Before she could say any more , he settled the helmet down over his head and fastened the strap . 
They explained that they desired only to stop in India until a ship traveling on to Burma could be found .
Why trim the grass so short that not even a goat could get its incisors into the chlorophyl ? 
Upon the whole , Emma left her with such softened , charitable feelings , as made her look around in walking home , and lament that Highbury afforded no young man worthy of giving her independence ; nobody that she could wish to scheme about for her .
I could ask the chap at the top of the road . " 
Meanwhile war arose , And fields were fought in Heaven : wherein remained ( For what could else ?)
I 'm hitting my head repeatedly against something that is n't there and I suppose that that could be a definition of insanity . 
WBAI is on the right track : in the sound medium there has been excessive emphasis on music and news and there could and should be a place for theatre , as the Canadian and British Broadcasting Corporations continue to demonstrate .
But Dot could n't remember ever being in a place like this . 
Matrimony , as the origin of change , was always disagreeable ; and he was by no means yet reconciled to his own daughter ' s marrying , nor could ever speak of her but with compassion , though it had been entirely a match of affection , when he was now obliged to part with Miss Taylor too ; and from his habits of gentle selfishness , and of being never able to suppose that other people could feel differently from himself , he was very much disposed to think Miss Taylor had done as sad a thing for herself as for them , and would have been a great deal happier if she had spent all the rest of her life at Hartfield .
But what could I do !-- we were engaged , every thing in preparation , the day almost fixed -- But I am talking like a fool .
12 : 39 And they baked unleavened cakes of the dough which they brought forth out of Egypt , for it was not leavened ; because they were thrust out of Egypt , and could not tarry , neither had they prepared for themselves any victual .
What otherwise could `` the lawyer , doctor , minister , the men of science and letters '' do when told that they had `` become the cherubim and seraphim and the three archangels who stood before the golden throne of the merchant , and continually cried , ' Holy , holy , holy is the Almighty Dollar ' `` ? ?
36 : 7 For their riches were more than that they might dwell together ; and the land wherein they were strangers could not bear them because of their cattle .
This treatment was not without risks , however , and careful temperature monitoring was vital , as a small rise above that recommended could result in the death of the patient . 
Past it I could see part part of a desk , a flag in a corner , a rug on the floor .
Harriet could just answer , " Oh !
No , I don ' t think ye did ; how could ye ?
This would tie in with the kind of creature that could take advantage of the first abundance of flowering plants and special insects emerging in the late Cretaceous . 
She was polite about the leeks and lumpy cheese and said a similar thing could be done with endives and it looked at first as if the lunch was going to prove a slightly awkward affair . 
Through the splash of the rising waters , they could hear the roar of the river as it raged through its canyon , gnashing big chunks out of the banks .
The dogs howled in the village all that night , and Dai Huang 's daughter could not sleep . 
It must be presumed too that much of this effort would be concentrated on those stations used by Europeans , where they could expect to find every facility , including even letter-racks for their mail . 
When it was sure that he could not live much longer , the people chose a new emperor and waited for the old one to die .
Thus saying , from her side the fatal key , Sad instrument of all our woe , she took ; And , towards the gate rolling her bestial train , Forthwith the huge portcullis high up - drew , Which , but herself , not all the Stygian Powers Could once have moved ; then in the key - hole turns Th ' intricate wards , and every bolt and bar Of massy iron or solid rock with ease Unfastens .
His good sense and good principles would delight you .-- As far as the man is concerned , you could not wish your friend in better hands .
He told them that the best thing they could do was to make their way down to the little inn on the hills above Lancy , where the innkeeper , an old soldier who had become devot in his latter years , would be certain to sympathise with them , and even to take risks in their support .
Concelebration Masses were becoming commonplace and Bishop McClean asked if we could provide 52 sets of white Mass vestments for use on important occasions with a particular view to the Diocesan Centenary Celebrations coming in 1978 . 
There was a momentary hesitation while he considered the implications , but it was one of the many challenges he could n't let go . 
We could n't get a straight reply -- she 'd only answer in sign language . 
Before he could duck , another stone struck him .
Many people who thought this could n't be done in the past are having to rethink their assumptions , '' John Walters , the White House drug policy chief , said by phone from Washington .
She darted over to embrace Dot so tightly that she could n't breathe . 
The file could be copied to another disk if space is a problem on the current working disk . 
If the body lay there for long enough , even the means of death could be hard to ascertain . 
Rebecque could not hide his astonishment . 
It was attractive but fantastic in its assumption that such employment could be provided in an age of widespread rural underemployment heightened by occasionally severe local unemployment . 
There wasn't much light in the blue dark , but I could see her well .
He could not dissociate anything that this woman said or did or wore from an idea of spiritual rarity and virtue .
Edward seemed a second Willoughby ; and acknowledging as Elinor did , that she HAD loved him most sincerely , could she feel less than herself !
I could see the blood running down his chest .
The elephant is not made by God that could run away with him if he did not consent to the elopement .
She remembered little of her previous journey there with Grace , and she could but hope that her dedication to her mission would enable her to accomplish it .
7 : 61 And these were they which went up also from Telmelah , Telharesha , Cherub , Addon , and Immer : but they could not shew their father ' s house , nor their seed , whether they were of Israel .
And one day when Anne was walking with only the Musgroves , one of them after talking of rank , people of rank , and jealousy of rank , said , " I have no scruple of observing to you , how nonsensical some persons are about their place , because all the world knows how easy and indifferent you are about it ; but I wish anybody could give Mary a hint that it would be a great deal better if she were not so very tenacious , especially if she would not be always putting herself forward to take place of mamma .
" Five - and - twenty shillings ?-- I could buy and do a great many things , to be sure , with five - and - twenty shillings ; but then , THE THING IS , I must go without the uniform , if I have the great - coat ."
Gregory could not speak , but he could not fire either , and he looked his question .
At the foot of a steep , slippery , white hill , near Dunstable , in Bedfordshire , called Chalk Hill , there is a hut , or rather a hovel , which travellers could scarcely suppose could be inhabited , if they did not see the smoke rising from its peaked roof .
As they kissed each could feel the flimsiness of the clothing that divided their bodies , but for Carrie it did not matter .
The gentleman put a guinea into the good natured basket - woman ' s hand , and told her that he knew she could not afford to teach them her trade for nothing .
Silver prices could also be boosted by strikes in leading producing nations Peru and Mexico , Mr. Demler says .
Being thus benetted round with Villaines , Ere I could make a Prologue to my braines , They had begun the Play .
As Susan had now settled all her business , she thought she could have time to go down to the meadow by the river side to see her favourite ; but just as she had tied on her straw hat the village clock struck four , and this was the hour at which she always went to fetch her little brothers home from a dame - school near the village .
" It would be impossible , I know ," replied Elinor , " to convince you that a woman of seven and twenty could feel for a man of thirty - five anything near enough to love , to make him a desirable companion to her .
And so then , in my nonsense , I could not help making a treasure of it -- so I put it by never to be used , and looked at it now and then as a great treat ."
Their ankles were harnessed to an elastic cord , which bounced them back up before they could hit the sea . 
In this model , then , the industry is presumed to realize that they could successfully resist a change in the basic wage rate , but since such a change is the only effective means to raising prices they may , in circumstances to be spelled out in Part 2 , below , find it to their advantage to allow the wage rise .
He staggered a little , or perhaps it was a weird sort of dance , and then rooted around among the half-empty plates , cramming whatever food he could find into his mouth . 
Sorvino could n't think of a better reason to get away from the ice-pick drone of the alarm . 
But poorly could I withstand them , much as in other moods I was almost ready to smile at the solemn whimsicalities of that outlandish prophet of the wharves .
From its leafy canopy he could see right over the gardens and the wilderness of the lower grounds to the rows of cobbled streets on the far side of the beck wall . 
Had not Elinor , in the sad countenance of her sister , seen a check to all mirth , she could have been entertained by Mrs . Jennings ' s endeavours to cure a disappointment in love , by a variety of sweetmeats and olives , and a good fire .
The readers who wrote to us could have read a book , heard a story , or seen a film , and then forgotten about it . 
Nor could he fathom how any daughter of his could be , either .
When their weapons rang and riposted in the little London garden , they could have been very certain that if a third party had interrupted them something at least would have happened .
She was secretly distressed by the size of the house , for she could n't imagine how they were going to keep it up . 
Isolation of a panel of small peptides with different structural properties could improve the performance of the system by providing an option for multiple screens using a variety of peptides .
Clause 8.1.1 is so worded to circumvent the problem by which any time given by a creditor to a debtor could have the effect of releasing the guarantor from its obligations . 
Lady Russell , in spite of all her former transgressions , he could now value from his heart .
The sequel certainly could not be overlooked ; for the Duke , in dead silence , smashed a decanter on the man ' s bald head as suddenly as I had seen him smash the glass that day in the orchard .
-- and " Dear Miss Woodhouse ," was all that Harriet , with many tender embraces could articulate at first ; but when they did arrive at something more like conversation , it was sufficiently clear to her friend that she saw , felt , anticipated , and remembered just as she ought .
gentle pair , ye little think how nigh Your change approaches , when all these delights Will vanish , and deliver ye to woe ; More woe , the more your taste is now of joy ; Happy , but for so happy ill secured Long to continue , and this high seat your Heaven Ill fenced for Heaven to keep out such a foe As now is entered ; yet no purposed foe To you , whom I could pity thus forlorn , Though I unpitied : League with you I seek , And mutual amity , so strait , so close , That I with you must dwell , or you with me Henceforth ; my dwelling haply may not please , Like this fair Paradise , your sense ; yet such Accept your Maker ' s work ; he gave it me , Which I as freely give : Hell shall unfold , To entertain you two , her widest gates , And send forth all her kings ; there will be room , Not like these narrow limits , to receive Your numerous offspring ; if no better place , Thank him who puts me loth to this revenge On you who wrong me not for him who wronged .
There seems to be no technical problem in taking the switchboard away from reception and Tony Frost is researching where else it could be sited .
Could a linguist , could a grammarian , could even a mathematician have seen what she did , have witnessed their appearance together , and heard their history of it , without feeling that circumstances had been at work to make them peculiarly interesting to each other ?-- How much more must an imaginist , like herself , be on fire with speculation and foresight !-- especially with such a groundwork of anticipation as her mind had already made .
`` Melodious birds sing madrigals '' saith the poet and no better description of the madrigaling of the Deller Consort could be imagined .
She could not be too soon alarmed , nor send for Perry too often .
They could become a den for juvenile delinquents .
She could not be alone without feeling the full weight of their separate claims ; and how to guard the comfort of both to the utmost , was the question .
But I was seduced by the thought that I could pull it off . 
While he lived , it must be only an engagement ; but she flattered herself , that if divested of the danger of drawing her away , it might become an increase of comfort to him .-- How to do her best by Harriet , was of more difficult decision ;-- how to spare her from any unnecessary pain ; how to make her any possible atonement ; how to appear least her enemy ?-- On these subjects , her perplexity and distress were very great -- and her mind had to pass again and again through every bitter reproach and sorrowful regret that had ever surrounded it .-- She could only resolve at last , that she would still avoid a meeting with her , and communicate all that need be told by letter ; that it would be inexpressibly desirable to have her removed just now for a time from Highbury , and -- indulging in one scheme more -- nearly resolve , that it might be practicable to get an invitation for her to Brunswick Square .-- Isabella had been pleased with Harriet ; and a few weeks spent in London must give her some amusement .-- She did not think it in Harriet ' s nature to escape being benefited by novelty and variety , by the streets , the shops , and the children .-- At any rate , it would be a proof of attention and kindness in herself , from whom every thing was due ; a separation for the present ; an averting of the evil day , when they must all be together again .
If I could explain to you all this , and all that a man can bear and do , and glories to do , for the sake of these treasures of his existence !
They could not listen to her description of him .
Despite this reassessment of the level of sophistication attained by the North Korean nuclear programme , the South Korean government increased its insistence during June that there could be no improvement in inter-Korean relations unless the North abandoned its construction of the reprocessing plant and agreed to mutual nuclear inspections .
Fancy him thinking he could con her ! 
But while she smiled at a graciousness so misapplied , she could not reflect on the mean - spirited folly from which it sprung , nor observe the studied attentions with which the Miss Steeles courted its continuance , without thoroughly despising them all four .
The town was mostly in shadow , but the sun had not sunk ; wherever its level light could break through , it painted everything a burning gold .
After that , Waits retreats into his usual ho humdrum bummed-out bluesywoozy alkie drone mode mood muzak , the sort of mozzery gushy mush your dog would make if it had vocal chords and could handle its drink . 
This conspiracy between State and museums was humiliating even for the museums , because in case of need , the State could sell what it liked from their collections . 
And he could recognize , by touch alone , articles which he had handled immediately before , even though they were altogether unfamiliar to him and could not be identified by him ; ;
He held that no group of colonists could set up or maintain a government without royal sanction .
He said the men could not survive in the conditions without their survival suits , which were obligatory for all competitors in the race .
`` Could you find me a needle and thread '' ? ?
It stated that ` Detectives believe the attacks are linked and fear the sex fiend could strike again " .
Corporate executives could be incapacitated by imprisonment ; whilst inside they could not be victimizing employees , consumers , share-holders , or the general public .
Ace could see movements behind the windows of the shuttle . 
" Aye , very true .-- I wish I could recollect more of it .
Now , ma ' am , that lantern could not come without hands ; and I could not forget about that , you know ; for Franklin says , he ' s sure he left the lantern out ."
It has been said of John Stuart Mill that he wrote so clearly that he could be found out .
This could not be pardoned .
And if I could contribute to that , I'd do it .
It was a very fine November day , and the Miss Musgroves came through the little grounds , and stopped for no other purpose than to say , that they were going to take a long walk , and therefore concluded Mary could not like to go with them ; and when Mary immediately replied , with some jealousy at not being supposed a good walker , " Oh , yes , I should like to join you very much , I am very fond of a long walk ;" Anne felt persuaded , by the looks of the two girls , that it was precisely what they did not wish , and admired again the sort of necessity which the family habits seemed to produce , of everything being to be communicated , and everything being to be done together , however undesired and inconvenient .
The lady now took her seat , where she could see all that passed at the open parlour - window .
It's too bad I didn't call you , and it's too bad I let Schaeffer use Accacia when he could have had a boy who'd be glad to learn something of Homicide procedure .
She could n't understand why I needed to lodge in London at all , but insisted that any accommodation I settled on had to be approved by the university authorities .
Men who work with their hands might find a little attention with hand lotion could make them much more romantically stimulating . 
I could not excuse a man ' s having more music than love -- more ear than eye -- a more acute sensibility to fine sounds than to my feelings .
Hee mad confession of you , And gaue you such a Masterly report , For Art and exercise in your defence ; And for your Rapier most especiall , That he cryed out , t ' would be a sight indeed , If one could match you Sir .
The report stresses that the entire standardisation process could be devalued by inspectors concentrating on minor infractions of the rules and on monitoring products manufactured outside their own country . 
I woke up before him feeling slightly randy but I knew there was nothing I could do about it . 
This statement harks back to a famous 1958 essay by the literary critic George Steiner , who asked `` whether the German language had survived the Hitler era , whether words poisoned by Goebbels and used to regulate and justify Belsen could ever again serve the needs of moral truth and poetic perception . ``
He was concerned that to include the large Asian countries in such a scheme would introduce problems that the small nations could find difficult to resolve . 
But Judge Louis L. Stanton of federal court in Manhattan ruled that the city could n't be faulted for waiting too long because it did n't realize until 1986 that its ownership of the painting was in dispute .
For the next four years a great part of my time was spent in secret meditation upon this subject , I could not speak to anybody about it for fear of giving pain . 
I could n't get married to a horrible old man like Buffalo ! 
We could hang them on the walls . 
It will be seen that this mere painstaking burrower and grub - worm of a poor devil of a Sub - Sub appears to have gone through the long Vaticans and street - stalls of the earth , picking up whatever random allusions to whales he could anyways find in any book whatsoever , sacred or profane .
` I do n't want one , " Breeze said stoutly , though she doubted if bread and cheese could fill the void within . 
Fiona Jordan , defending , said Williams could remember little of what happened because he had taken Ecstasy at a rave party . 
Despite some strong descriptions of events , all the papers could have done a better job of explaining them .
I can hardly imagine the young man whom I saw talking with you the other day could express himself so well , if left quite to his own powers , and yet it is not the style of a woman ; no , certainly , it is too strong and concise ; not diffuse enough for a woman .
On New Year's Eve , Alfred Harcourt drove him up the Hudson to Bill Brown's Training Camp , a well-known establishment for the speedy if temporary rehabilitation of drunkards who could no longer help themselves .
I stopped the tractor and I shouted down to the boy , and I knew he could hear me , for the morning was clear and still , but he did not even hesitate in that brutal , murdering dance .
After that there was a good meal of mutton stew and Aunt Sarah 's feather-light dumplings ( none of which anyone could eat ) and they went to bed early . 
The captain gave him a bowl of cold stew which he could only swallow by gulping it down with wine . 
Punctilious and at times pedantic , he could appear abrupt and unfriendly . 
He could grow immensely rich . 
" And how could _she_ bear such behaviour !
One could not be connected with better people .
His kindness in stepping forward to her relief , the manner , the silence in which it had passed , the little particulars of the circumstance , with the conviction soon forced on her by the noise he was studiously making with the child , that he meant to avoid hearing her thanks , and rather sought to testify that her conversation was the last of his wants , produced such a confusion of varying , but very painful agitation , as she could not recover from , till enabled by the entrance of Mary and the Miss Musgroves to make over her little patient to their cares , and leave the room .
Jumping to the conclusion that the biggest must therefore be the best could be a mistake . 
Faulkner culminates the Southern legend perhaps more masterfully than it has ever been , or could ever be , done .
Away to the south-west , on the far bank of the river , standing up on the desert bluffs , we could see the Pyramids of Giza , shimmering through the haze above the city .
Could you have a motive for the trust , that was not honourable and flattering to me ?"
Anne had always thought such a style of intercourse highly imprudent ; but she had ceased to endeavour to check it , from believing that , though there were on each side continual subjects of offence , neither family could now do without it .
` There was a time , " one said , with a choking laugh , ` I could splinter a hazelnut tossed up in the air at five hundred yards . 
She collected the money for his drink , and got away from him as fast as she could .
The Babylonians paid particular attention to the seven-day periods associated with successive phases of the moon , each of these periods ending with an ` evil day " on which specific taboos were enforced so that the gods could be propitiated and conciliated . 
Mary could not bear the thoughts of begging any of the neighbours to take her and her brother and sisters in FOR CHARITY ' S SAKE ; for the neighbours were all poor enough themselves .
Solid brick buildings painted dazzling white , large domes and tall , picturesque palms stretched as far as the eye could see , while the wharves and harbor were filled with tall-masted sailing ships .
" I understand you .-- You do not suppose that I have ever felt much .-- For four months , Marianne , I have had all this hanging on my mind , without being at liberty to speak of it to a single creature ; knowing that it would make you and my mother most unhappy whenever it were explained to you , yet unable to prepare you for it in the least .-- It was told me ,-- it was in a manner forced on me by the very person herself , whose prior engagement ruined all my prospects ; and told me , as I thought , with triumph .-- This person ' s suspicions , therefore , I have had to oppose , by endeavouring to appear indifferent where I have been most deeply interested ;-- and it has not been only once ;-- I have had her hopes and exultation to listen to again and again .-- I have known myself to be divided from Edward for ever , without hearing one circumstance that could make me less desire the connection .-- Nothing has proved him unworthy ; nor has anything declared him indifferent to me .-- I have had to contend against the unkindness of his sister , and the insolence of his mother ; and have suffered the punishment of an attachment , without enjoying its advantages .-- And all this has been going on at a time , when , as you know too well , it has not been my only unhappiness .-- If you can think me capable of ever feeling -- surely you may suppose that I have suffered NOW .
The radio broadcasts themselves were often so patiently informative , despite the baseball jargon , that girls and women could begin to store up in their minds the same sort of random and meaningless statistics that small boys had long learned better than they ever did their lessons in school .
At first he could not be sure .
He was always very protective and gentlemanly towards Tom 's mother , but as long as Tom could remember they had slept in separate bedrooms . 
Later he became a director of the club and built the small chapel behind the groundsman 's hut where visiting supporters could find ` quiet contemplation and a cup of Bovril ( 58p ) " . 
His ostensible reason , however , was to ask whether Mr . Woodhouse ' s party could be made up in the evening without him , or whether he should be in the smallest degree necessary at Hartfield .
If I had such a memory as Benwick , I could bring you fifty quotations in a moment on my side the argument , and I do not think I ever opened a book in my life which had not something to say upon woman ' s inconstancy .
And fear induced by very high-pitched musical notes could simply be the natural panic reaction to what the cat hears as squeals of pain . 
Mr . Weston , I could not have believed it of you !"
How could it be ?
In a similar vein , but writing from the opposite side , Thomas Taylor , a private in the 6th Alabama Volunteers , in a letter to his wife , stated : `` you know that my heart is with you but I never could have been satisfied to have staid at home when my country is invaded by a thievin foe , by a set of cowardly skunks whose motto is Booty .
FEBRUARY , May and August could be seen as rehearsals for November 's main event so that what may have been a series of happenings in these months could lead to November 's denouement .
This ventilator Archer had taken down , and had contrived it so that it could be easily removed and replaced at pleasure ; but , upon examination , it was now perceived that the hole had been newly stopped up by an iron back , which it was impossible to penetrate or remove .
Or he could start his own venue , impose his own narrow-minded door policy and see how few people turn up and how few bands agree to play . 
But snug in his arms and very close to him , she could at least see his looks were n't villainous . 
He worked as hard as he could , and still he could not earn enough to keep himself and his wife .
" Indeed , though ," cried Loveit , piqued , " THERE you ' re mistaken , for I could refuse if I chose it ."
James Earl Ray could not have committed the crime : Some say Ray , who dropped out of school in 8 th grade , was not smart enough to pull it off .
The moment that fucking kraut mentioned Miletti I knew I could kiss that sweet dream goodbye .
Huge hairy warts were stuck on her face and the make-up artists asked if they could cover her facial hair in mascara , giving her an instant moustache . 
We could not doubt that justice , if belated , had come at last .
` Hard to believe that this much litter could be caused by a few inebriated louts . " 
6 : 47 Whosoever cometh to me , and heareth my sayings , and doeth them , I will shew you to whom he is like : 6 : 48 He is like a man which built an house , and digged deep , and laid the foundation on a rock : and when the flood arose , the stream beat vehemently upon that house , and could not shake it : for it was founded upon a rock .
Some built sturdily of wood and iron , others no more than skins of plastic sheeting over frames of branches , they straggled north over the dunes as far as I could see . 
` Could n't wait , eh ? " she asked , grinning as she began to undo his shirt buttons . 
Who could it be ?
Alice could see this , as she was near enough to look over their slates ; ' but it doesn ' t matter a bit ,' she thought to herself .
I only ; none of ye could have raised the White Whale first .
The bombing came a day after Kandahar police foiled an attempted suicide attack by the Taliban on a local police station , shooting the bomber and detonating his explosives before he could kill anyone .
Why Mr . Ferrars was to have been written to about it in such a hurry , she could not immediately comprehend .
This means that you could for example , take the pieces of garment originally designed for conventional knitting and rotate them through 90 degrees to get a pattern for sideways knitting . 
" You may well be surprised ," continued Lucy ; " for to be sure you could have had no idea of it before ; for I dare say he never dropped the smallest hint of it to you or any of your family ; because it was always meant to be a great secret , and I am sure has been faithfully kept so by me to this hour .
His greatest admirer could not have cordially justified his bringing his harpoon into breakfast with him , and using it there without ceremony ; reaching over the table with it , to the imminent jeopardy of many heads , and grappling the beefsteaks towards him .
In Pierre 's honour they ate instead in the enormous dining-room , in which the entire work-force of Benn 's could have been accommodated at a cocktail party or buffet lunch .
A bookseller named James Gibb extended his Bible to more than sixty folio volumes , each so heavy that it could be lifted only with difficulty .
While waiting till the other young people could pair themselves off , Emma found time , in spite of the compliments she was receiving on her voice and her taste , to look about , and see what became of Mr . Knightley .
The former topless model turned singer could n't have been closer to her father Pat Fox , and mother Carole , at the height of her glamour career . 
Mona 's habit of using her guests ' nicknames indiscriminately could be confusing . 
They could n't evade the most experienced sub-hunters in the world , not for ever .
Mr . Woodhouse was soon ready for his tea ; and when he had drank his tea he was quite ready to go home ; and it was as much as his three companions could do , to entertain away his notice of the lateness of the hour , before the other gentlemen appeared .
But Congress still could resolve the issue with other legislation this year or next , Starr adds .
She was told that now he wrote with the greatest confidence of being often with them , almost as often as he could even wish .
She went to sit on the sofa , and there she dreamed of Johnny , tenderly and with affection ; she thought of the words that he had said , and they made a warm spot , infinitely sweet , deep inside her where it could not be touched ; for just an hour or two , she began to believe that she truly loved him .
PRINCESS Diana came as close as she could to commenting on her marriage break-up yesterday when she made a public vow to continue working for her charities . 
They had invested millions of dollars and lives in this war , and this meant that they could not extract themselves easily . 
The tremendous emphasis on the 5 in the Lo Shu square -- for purely mathematical reasons -- and the fact that this number so neatly symbolized the heart and center of the universe , could well explain why the Old Chinese seem to have so revered the number 5 , and why they put so much stress on the concept of Centrality .
He would never have believed , without seeing it , that the bizarre little vessel could go so fast .
He had understood her feelings for Andrew ; he could n't comprehend her reasons for marrying Lovat . 
Then once having disposed of the bogus Robert Gravier , the real Mr G. could live on his swindled millions without fear of being chased by the law or his many creditors . 
If God could do that , He could do anything .
As the first sunbeams came over the hills , they shone on a great castle standing on the heights , as far away as the eye could see .
These findings are consistent with the epidemiological evidence available ( Chapter 2 ) , and could assist general practitioners to identify individuals at risk . 
While many hitherto disinterested onlookers could , perhaps , stomach the loss of several insect species ( even dragonflies and butterflies ) , there were few who were not moved by the prospect of extermination for a number of species of birds . 
The rust inhibitors in the fluid are used up after one year , and you don't want to risk the rust that two years' use could mean .
County Nat West oil analyst Neil Thomas said that the inquiry 's decision could be affected by the furore surrounding the planned closure of Point of Ayr colliery a short distance from the Connah 's Quay station . 
This was obliged to be repeated before it could be believed ; and Mr . Knightley actually looked red with surprize and displeasure , as he stood up , in tall indignation , and said ,
The site is located on a peat bog which needed to be compressed and filled before construction could begin . 
Mr Justice Turner also said that a regulatory body -- existing alongside the law -- could be considered in dealing with some wrongdoers in the commercial field .
Still , a woman could forget that when a nice upstanding chap like Sergeant Joe called on her . 
Which left her with no alternative but to hobble on as best she could . 
Privately Emily thought Mr Frogmore could n't be of great means if he was lodging at Mrs Marsh 's house in Oystermouth . 
He added : ` I would be very sad if we could not come to an agreement with the tanker owners .
He could be shrewd in analysis , as when he told Eden that if war came ` the country will want [ Churchill ] to lead them " , but that Eden 's chances were better in peace . 
Given the conceptual context within which ancient thought thrived , how could anyone have questioned this principle ? ?
But the anthropological arguments presented in Wilson 's On Human Nature ( 1978 ) are of such startling incompetence that , in those terms , a debate could never get started at all . 
He wants to , but his attempts are thwarted by an old enemy who could harm his wife 's business .
But he judged it unnecessary : he had still something more to try , some more fresh application , of whose success he was as confident as the last , and his visit concluded with encouraging assurances which reached the ear , but could not enter the heart of Miss Dashwood .
Well-housed and fed with no money worries and a properly clean and organised environment for their infants , away from men who battered or abused them , they and their children could flourish .
All too easily Soho could become less a way of life than an unbreakable habit . 
11 : 37 And some of them said , Could not this man , which opened the eyes of the blind , have caused that even this man should not have died ?
The part of the castle in which they lived seemed , as Edmund said , to be perfectly safe ; but the children of the village were terrified , and thinking that the whole would come tumbling down directly , they ran to their homes as fast as they could .
Even though a spokesman traveling with President Clinton in California does tell the NYT that there are still `` significant issues '' to be resolved , and the Wall Street Journal cautions that `` Those involved in the talks.describe the emerging deal as fragile and caution it could easily collapse , '' the general view in the papers is that substantial progress has been made and that an actual deal could be struck between the President , the House and the Senate as early as today , with final passage coming by Friday .
Furthermore , rectal biopsy specimens were obtained from each twin in whom sigmoidoscopy could be carried out . 
` And since Celia is stepping out as usual , could you fix us drinks , Stephen ? 
Anne had been ashamed to appear to comprehend so soon as she really did ; but now she could safely suggest the name of " Louisa ."
No matter how devoted a man was , no matter how fully he gave his life to the Lord , he could never extinguish that one spark of pride that gave him definition as an individual .
This is the way hooligans are seen -- as perpetrators of the gratuitously outrageous act which nobody else could ever manage to pull off .
cried Ahab from the boat ; " its wood could only be American !"
The Natural Resources Defense Council has estimated that a country with a `` high technical capability '' could require as little as 1kg of weapons - grade plutonium or 2.5kg HEU to produce a one kiloton bomb .
Hal trudged on as fast as he possibly could .
Depending on how exciting your holiday was , you could make some really exotic pictures , perhaps using some tiny shells , seaweed , brightly coloured tropical flowers and some pearls . 
At last he turned to her and he could not have failed to see the anguish in her eyes . 
While the engines are robust and renowned for their reliability , it wan an impossibility to guarantee how long individual engines could run before having to return to CFS for another overhaul .
If any thing could increase her delight , it was perceiving that the baby would soon have outgrown its first set of caps .
9 : 40 And I besought thy disciples to cast him out ; and they could not .
This process made the economical manufacture of gears questionable until some way could be found to permit the repeated re-sharpening of gear tooth cutters without the loss of the precision form .
Doctors were unable to treat them unless and until their parents had been traced and this could cause unnecessary suffering .
Now , you could try to `` fit `` the data on the corn prices with the first Fourier `` mode , `` namely the average price .
An American air intelligence report in February 1950 summarised the trend in so far as this could be ascertained . 
What could he mean by such horrible indelicacy ?
Some years before this time , when Susan was a very little girl , and could scarcely speak plain , as she was eating a basin of bread and milk for her supper at the cottage door , a great pig came up , and put his nose into the basin .
So when confronted with the long-term idea that she could become a doyenne of filmdom a la Hayes or Katharine Hepburn , she says enthusiastically : `` I think that 's the goal . ''
Tillie was a fine midwife and could get here quick , he suggested .
He began to mouth an explanation but before he could finish there was a roar in the tunnel and a huge ball of earth and rock blew past them . 
Without any definite plan in mind , she went to a judge to see what could be done .
A large and influential Union could sway the Government which in turn could lead the League and the world . 
I do not think it could disagree with you ."
Anne could just acknowledge within herself such a possibility of having been induced to marry him , as made her shudder at the idea of the misery which must have followed .
I say , Jane , what a perfect character you and I should make , if we could be shaken together .
It is only too obvious that this balance between action and personal life was intimately bound up with the conditions of clandestine action and could not survive it .
It is a great deal more natural than one could wish , that a young man , brought up by those who are proud , luxurious , and selfish , should be proud , luxurious , and selfish too .
Here was a powerful , ready-made medium , but it could speak only if I told it to .
But I should ill become this throne , O Peers , And this imperial sovereignty , adorned With splendour , armed with power , if aught proposed And judged of public moment in the shape Of difficulty or danger , could deter Me from attempting .
Physical controls on capital spending remained , but , as under Labour , with the gradual restoration of the weakened economic base more resources could progressively be made available .
He was satisfied of there being no present danger in returning home , but no assurances could convince him that it was safe to stay ; and while the others were variously urging and recommending , Mr . Knightley and Emma settled it in a few brief sentences : thus --
I am not sure I ' m right , sir ; for both the young gentlemen spoke at once , and the wind is very high at the street door ; so that I could not well make out all they said ; but I believe this is the sense of it ."
Not as much as I ' d hurt him if I could get up with him .
He could feel his own feet , iron-shod , striking repeatedly until the body was limp .
Elinor could not deny the truth of this , and she tried to find in it a motive sufficient for their silence .
That she was not immediately ready , Emma did suspect to arise from the state of her nerves ; she had not yet possessed the instrument long enough to touch it without emotion ; she must reason herself into the power of performance ; and Emma could not but pity such feelings , whatever their origin , and could not but resolve never to expose them to her neighbour again .
A long way away , he could hear the sound of some dogs howling at the night sky . 
He stood up and lumbered towards the tail end of the queue ; she trailed behind slowly , wondering how she could leave on her own without offending him . 
She had no natural connexions to assist her even with their counsel , and she could not afford to purchase the assistance of the law .
As Commissioner for Rutshire , how could she hold dignified get-togethers with her guides when expletives and polo balls kept flying over her hawthorn hedge ? 
How trifling they make every thing else appear !-- I feel now as if I could think of nothing but these poor creatures all the rest of the day ; and yet , who can say how soon it may all vanish from my mind ?"
But as the plane taxied along the runway at Praia airport and I looked out on what could have been a simulated view from a lunar module , I sensed how daunting the task would be . 
This also gave them the unpleasant duty of being spokesmen for the mission , and they could foresee that that would not be easy .
The single most important contribution the government could make now to help the poor is to get the specter of drugs out of their neighborhoods .
Iran has a stockpile of these weapons , including artillery shells and bombs , which could be used in another conflict in the region .
His bare feet could identify all the frayed patches on the long ribbon of carpet and each worn tread on the stairs . 
For that singular craft at times evinced by the Sperm Whale when , sounding with his head in one direction , he nevertheless , while concealed beneath the surface , mills round , and swiftly swims off in the opposite quarter -- this deceitfulness of his could not now be in action ; for there was no reason to suppose that the fish seen by Tashtego had been in any way alarmed , or indeed knew at all of our vicinity .
When she looked again at Nicola Hammond 's face , she could tell that the woman 's eyes were fixed , but unseeing . 
`` I could use some help '' , Morgan said finally , `` but I can't afford to pay you anything .
" I said I could bear to see all this , and I can ," said he ; " now it is all over ."
I could not bear the idea of it ; so , as soon as Mr . Weston came into the room , and I could get at him , I spoke to him about the carriage .
On the 28th Macmillan affirmed that Britain could avoid financial disaster only by regaining American goodwill . 
It came from the direction of the strangely attired man in the dock , and the more observant members of the jury could see that this bell was attached to the end of the man 's hat . 
New tests have shown that homes throughout an entire county could be at risk from the radioactive gas Radon .
He was half man and half fish ; because he could live on both land and sea he was created Lord of the World and renamed Bel by the Sumerians .
At the same time , nobody could wonder if Mr . Elton should have aspired -- Miss Woodhouse lets me chatter on , so good - humouredly .
She could read the gossip in their eyes , see the speculations about her absence in Switzerland , her mother 's suicide .
Every morning early , in the summer , we searched the trunks of the trees as high as we could reach for the locust shells , carefully detached their hooked claws from the bark where they hung , and stabled them , a weird faery herd , in an angle between the high roots of the tulip tree , where no grass grew in the dense shade .
`` You haven't got cancer '' , I said as strongly as I could .
It sat upon an ancient heathen site , a site far darker than anything I could ever have conceived and it instantly became part of my well of strength . 
When the palm leaf sways in the wind , it seems almost impossible that the single egg could remain in the tiny cup . 
I could not stay two minutes .
Apart from these special sessions we encouraged more and more people to make statements in the main inquiry ( where the atmosphere was more formal and they could be cross-examined by a CEGB barrister ) . 
-- And he repeated her words with such assurance of accent , such boastful pretence of amazement , that she could not help replying with quickness ,
That two successful producers who are n't all that well known outside Hollywood could occasion such a clash of corporate titans suggests how desperate the quest for proven talent is in the movie business .
The champions of the Union maintained that the Constitution had formed , fundamentally , the united people of America , that it was a compact among sovereign citizens rather than states , and that therefore the states had no right to secede , though the citizens could .
When she could give another glance , he had moved away .
He grazed her temple with warm lips , then raised his head so he could study her . 
Instead she walked as fast as she could towards the river , past the mean little houses below the cathedral .
Mr . Weston entered into the idea with thorough enjoyment , and Mrs . Weston most willingly undertook to play as long as they could wish to dance ; and the interesting employment had followed , of reckoning up exactly who there would be , and portioning out the indispensable division of space to every couple .
YOUR sense of honour and honesty would have led you , I know , when aware of your situation , to attempt all the economy that would appear to you possible : and , perhaps , as long as your frugality retrenched only on your own comfort , you might have been suffered to practice it , but beyond that -- and how little could the utmost of your single management do to stop the ruin which had begun before your marriage ?-- Beyond THAT , had you endeavoured , however reasonably , to abridge HIS enjoyments , is it not to be feared , that instead of prevailing on feelings so selfish to consent to it , you would have lessened your own influence on his heart , and made him regret the connection which had involved him in such difficulties ?"
I started playing when I was seven , so by the time The Stones happened it was not difficult for me to play , so I could appreciate it for the music alone . 
" I have felt it from my boyhood , but never could state the verbal antithesis .
Fran blushed crimson as she realised that he was staring at her , one corner of his mouth lifted mockingly as though he could read her thoughts . 
He said those had to be transplanted ; they could not be sown from seed .
That Mr . and Mrs . Weston did think of it , she was very strongly persuaded ; and though not meaning to be induced by him , or by any body else , to give up a situation which she believed more replete with good than any she could change it for , she had a great curiosity to see him , a decided intention of finding him pleasant , of being liked by him to a certain degree , and a sort of pleasure in the idea of their being coupled in their friends ' imaginations .
She was up in arms , riled by his easy assurance , his certainty that he could manipulate her like some puppet . 
Only periodically does Mr Tebbit seem to have looked to Powell as a politician who could express some of his gnawing doubts about the Heath government . 
The slightly naive view of copyright problems could be a minor criticism but generally the treatment is authoritative with the coverage stronger on schools than higher education . 
Harriet would be loved as one to whom she could be useful .
" Well , for my part ," said the good butcher , as soon as he could be heard ,--" for my part , I would not be so cruel as Attorney Case for the whole world .
If you asked people about a lot of accidents , if you said : Could this happen ?
In order to please the Barons , the new king acclaimed knightly chivalry with jousts and tournaments in which pageantry , courage and military prowess could be displayed . 
He could not hide his disappointment . 
The way his red rubber lips were stretched across his pearly little teeth I thought he was only having a little joke , but , no , he wanted me to bend down from the roar of wind so he could roar something into my ear .
I was afraid there could be little chance of my hearing any thing of Miss Fairfax to - day ."
Had the trump of judgment blown , they could not have quivered more ; yet still they felt no terror ; rather pleasure .
With a frigate ' s anchors for my bridle - bitts and fasces of harpoons for spurs , would I could mount that whale and leap the topmost skies , to see whether the fabled heavens with all their countless tents really lie encamped beyond my mortal sight !
-- She could really say nothing .--" You are silent ," he cried , with great animation ; " absolutely silent !
This could be told chiefly from a sort of head-tossing and prancing , a horselike balkiness of demeanor .
She heard enough to know that Mr . Weston was giving some information about his son ; she heard the words " my son ," and " Frank ," and " my son ," repeated several times over ; and , from a few other half - syllables very much suspected that he was announcing an early visit from his son ; but before she could quiet Mr . Elton , the subject was so completely past that any reviving question from her would have been awkward .
He could n't keep pretending that Viola and Eleanor were the same person because Viola 's photo was signed .
I could not trace her beyond her first seducer , and there was every reason to fear that she had removed from him only to sink deeper in a life of sin .
He was not to know that because she never spoke about her feelings , she could not express them on demand . 
She could only hang over little Charles , with most disordered feelings .
" I saw something about you in a newspaper ," said the girl , with a simplicity which even surprise could never throw off its balance .
Susan , who had always been attentive to what her mother taught her , and who had often assisted her when she was baking bread and cakes for the family at the Abbey , had now formed the courageous , but not presumptuous idea , that she could herself undertake to bake a batch of bread .
Before either could complete a sentence , it was evident that the invader had been expelled from the house opposite .
I could never hope to equal my own doings at Randalls .
One way of indicating this intention would be to take some action contrary to the object and purpose of the treaty , but such signalling action could be deemed a breach of Article 18 .
The British defending lawyers , who today increased from three to four , demanded to know if they could make the information involved seem of little value to a jury , the chances of their clients would improve .
No joke , he said , upset neighbours could get very ratty . 
Therefore , if the origin of the phenomenon is as recent as the late eighteenth century , it is difficult to explain how it could have become so geographically widespread in so short a time : it was already highly salient and overtly stigmatized by the latter half of the nineteenth century ( for some citations see Phillipps , 1984 , 136-9 ) . 
I could not get him to give a second look at them as they passed .
It was not the highly qualified classics , history or English teachers who left , but those who could use their degrees in industry or the civil service .
His eyes were like stars , and for an instant he could only point without speaking .
Marianne sighed out her similar apprehension ; and Elinor ' s heart wrung for the feelings of Edward , while braving his mother ' s threats , for a woman who could not reward him .
If everyone in the developed world made energy efficiency a priority in all parts of their lives , the carbon dioxide we add to the atmosphere could drop quickly enough to make a real difference to global warming . 
He slept like the seven sleepers , and he dreamed the most beautiful things you could imagine .
To Serenissimus such tribes as the Cossacks of the Don or those ex-bandits the Zaporogian Cossacks ( in whose islands along the lower Dnieper the Polish novelist Sienkiewicz would one day place With Fire And Sword ) were just elements for enforced resettlement in , say , Bessarabia , where , as `` the faithful of the Black Sea borders '' , he could use their presence as bargaining points in the Czarina's territorial claims against Turkey .
If there were to be nightmares , she could not control that ; but she would not waste her waking time frightening herself with a terror which was past . 
Elinor saw , and pitied her for , the neglect of abilities which education might have rendered so respectable ; but she saw , with less tenderness of feeling , the thorough want of delicacy , of rectitude , and integrity of mind , which her attentions , her assiduities , her flatteries at the Park betrayed ; and she could have no lasting satisfaction in the company of a person who joined insincerity with ignorance ; whose want of instruction prevented their meeting in conversation on terms of equality , and whose conduct toward others made every shew of attention and deference towards herself perfectly valueless .
He decided to move his forces across the Bannock Burn by fords closer to Stirling , so that he could personally relieve the castle next day . 
furthermore , Congress could not be presumed to have intended to obstruct mergers approved by the states .
I peered inside -- but I could n't see Radish . 
The love of mystery was the only thing which could have conquered Mrs . Pomfret ' s love of talking .
As Carol Jackson moved about in the kitchen she could hear the steady burble of conversation , punctuated every so often by a laugh . 
There he had not always the patience that could have been wished .
He could not look enough , and presently he turned to the artist and shook hands with him , like an old friend .
Mr. Steinhardt also could take that route .
I asked him for something to ease the pain , but he reminded me that he could n't because I had a head wound . 
Scepter and power , thy giving , I assume , And gladlier shall resign , when in the end Thou shalt be all in all , and I in thee For ever ; and in me all whom thou lovest : But whom thou hatest , I hate , and can put on Thy terrours , as I put thy mildness on , Image of thee in all things ; and shall soon , Armed with thy might , rid Heaven of these rebelled ; To their prepared ill mansion driven down , To chains of darkness , and the undying worm ; That from thy just obedience could revolt , Whom to obey is happiness entire .
There was a fishy flavor to the milk , too , which I could not at all account for , till one morning happening to take a stroll along the beach among some fishermen ' s boats , I saw Hosea ' s brindled cow feeding on fish remnants , and marching along the sand with each foot in a cod ' s decapitated head , looking very slip - shod , I assure ye .
He said he had no doubt that there was uncertainty amongst Protestants , which could be traced directly to recent comments by British ministers . 
And consider , as Mrs Browning had never done , the close proximity in which servants lived in these rented apartments -- it was very often more than flesh could stand . 
2 : 3 And when she could not longer hide him , she took for him an ark of bulrushes , and daubed it with slime and with pitch , and put the child therein ; and she laid it in the flags by the river ' s brink .
How Charles could take such a thing into his head was always incomprehensible to me .
We know that they could live in extremely shallow to very deep-water environments , that most lived on or near the sea bottom , but a few were adapted to open-ocean swimming . 
Now she could let out the three parakeets without fear they would be stepped on or that Stowey would let them out one of the doors ; ;
Elinor ' s marriage divided her as little from her family as could well be contrived , without rendering the cottage at Barton entirely useless , for her mother and sisters spent much more than half their time with her .
Those close to death were no longer anointed with holy oil , but a special service was held in their homes and they could make a private confession and receive absolution and communion . 
As MacIan and Turnbull walked steadily but slowly towards the entrance hall of the institution , they could see that most , or at least many , of the patients had already gathered there as well as the staff of doctors and the whole regiment of keepers and assistants .
was uttered by Captain Wentworth , Anne was sure could never be forgotten by her ; nor the sight of him afterwards , as he sat near a table , leaning over it with folded arms and face concealed , as if overpowered by the various feelings of his soul , and trying by prayer and reflection to calm them .
Do you think Watson could live just on what this little community buys from him ? 
How could you behave so unfairly by your sister ?"
Cost comparisons showed that a subsea project to handle 50,000 barrels of oil a day might cost £21 million to develop by conventional means but could be built onshore and towed to the location for £17 million . 
It was often , and still is , alleged by his devotees that Charles I could have saved his life if he had been willing to abandon his Church . 
` It 's chilling and frightening to realise I could have been one of his victims . " 
I told Dana I could no longer bear the atmosphere of the city , the right-wing bullies , the Falangists , the deadening work of teaching mostly bored and resentful students . 
But he was convinced that the realities of power -- military , economic and ideological -- were the decisive factors in the struggle with the Communists and that these could not be talked away at a heads of government meeting .
There were two methods that could have been used for conducting the study within the resources available : ( 1 ) interviews in depth with a few selected companies , and ( 2 ) the more limited interrogation of a large number of companies by means of a mail questionnaire .
" Only poison for A DOG ," said Tarlton , confused ; " you could not look more shocking if it was poison for a Christian ."
Those who could climb , climbed .
Where the wound had been given , there must the cure be found if anywhere ; and Emma felt that , till she saw her in the way of cure , there could be no true peace for herself .
In one case , police admitted that they cried out for investigation , but explained that they could not undertake it as they had no men with the expertise needed .
He said that he understood this and was sorry , but could only add that the deaf community regarded the birth of each and every deaf child as a precious gift . 
But what else could he do ? ?
She felt that he had every thing to elevate him which general attention and deference , and especially the attention of all the young women , could do .
It could be a trick , an impression ( we 've heard of a dog who impersonates an anteater ! ) it 's up to you .
Club pro Larry Ringer , who shared the lead with Snead after shooting a bogey-free 68 in the opening round , could not pull off a proper encore .
Her latest ally , Soviet Russia , was reeling under Hitler 's onslaught and it was widely expected she could not last out the year .
I could not give any connected detail yesterday ; but the suddenness , and , in one light , the unseasonableness with which the affair burst out , needs explanation ; for though the event of the 26th ult ., as you will conclude , immediately opened to me the happiest prospects , I should not have presumed on such early measures , but from the very particular circumstances , which left me not an hour to lose .
Had he wished ever to see her again , he need not have waited till this time ; he would have done what she could not but believe that in his place she should have done long ago , when events had been early giving him the independence which alone had been wanting .
The courtiers of Louis the Fourteenth could not have looked more astounded than our attorney , when they received from their monarch a similar answer .
The glow of enthusiasm , the pride of virtue , which made our hero brave , could not render him insensible .
Such a letter could not be read without putting Anne in a glow ; and Mrs Smith , observing the high colour in her face , said --
She snorted softly and he could imagine her smiling in the darkness . 
Angry critics charged that if the mind had an innate structure , different people ( or classes , sexes , and races ) could have different innate structures , justifying discrimination .
When the evening was over , Anne could not but be amused at the idea of her coming to Lyme to preach patience and resignation to a young man whom she had never seen before ; nor could she help fearing , on more serious reflection , that , like many other great moralists and preachers , she had been eloquent on a point in which her own conduct would ill bear examination .
Only with some knowledge of their history could he hope to deal with these singular people , who believed implicitly that their emperors were descended from Solomon and Sheba . 
I could get along without that three dollars .
Mr . Woodhouse could never allow for Mr . Knightley ' s claims on his brother , or any body ' s claims on Isabella , except his own .
You could feel the dismay amongst the Leeds players and their fans as it thundered past John Lukic and into the back of the net , leaving them searching for three goals to progress in the competition . 
We could have searched the seas to see if Bartholomew had survived . " 
She was looking about for some way of escape , and wondering whether she could get away without being seen , when she noticed a curious appearance in the air : it puzzled her very much at first , but , after watching it a minute or two , she made it out to be a grin , and she said to herself ' It ' s the Cheshire Cat : now I shall have somebody to talk to .'
She saw that there had been bad habits ; that Sunday travelling had been a common thing ; that there had been a period of his life ( and probably not a short one ) when he had been , at least , careless in all serious matters ; and , though he might now think very differently , who could answer for the true sentiments of a clever , cautious man , grown old enough to appreciate a fair character ?
And as she could now have nothing more painful to hear on the subject than had already been told , she did not mistrust her own ability of going through a repetition of particulars with composure .
3 : 12 Seeing then that we have such hope , we use great plainness of speech : 3 : 13 And not as Moses , which put a vail over his face , that the children of Israel could not stedfastly look to the end of that which is abolished : 3 : 14 But their minds were blinded : for until this day remaineth the same vail untaken away in the reading of the old testament ; which vail is done away in Christ .
Jasper and she stood looking into each other 's faces , alive and tingling and delighted , knowing that anyone looking at them could guess , simply from the waves of energy that danced from them . 
He could only say amiably : " Oh , thank you very much ."
EVEN innocent-looking teddy bears could put your child at risk as they are used to help toddlers clamber over the side . 
Maybe I could call Rimanelli at the magazine Rottosei where he worked .
How could you have consoled her !-- I cannot express my own abhorrence of myself .
But with Bunny Wailer oddly quiet in the writing stakes and Tosh contributing only the previously recorded ‘ 400 Years ’ , this is Marley 's show , and on ‘ Concrete Jungle ’ , ‘ Slave Driver ’ and ‘ Stir It Up ’ , no-one could argue that this is not a fascinating record .
In the first place , he recollected that he had seen Lazy Lawrence , whilst he lounged upon the gate , twist a bit of heath into different shapes ; and he thought , that if he could find some way of plaiting heath firmly together , it would make a very pretty green soft mat , which would do very well for one to wipe one ' s shoes on .
I could hardly keep my seat .
` I would n't insult you by thinking I could learn enough in a couple of days .
And if I could bring him to reconciliation with the king , without more bloodshed and without revenge , I would count it a good deed both for England and Wales .
Poor Mr . Woodhouse little suspected what was plotting against him in the breast of that man whom he was so cordially welcoming , and so anxiously hoping might not have taken cold from his ride .-- Could he have seen the heart , he would have cared very little for the lungs ; but without the most distant imagination of the impending evil , without the slightest perception of any thing extraordinary in the looks or ways of either , he repeated to them very comfortably all the articles of news he had received from Mr . Perry , and talked on with much self - contentment , totally unsuspicious of what they could have told him in return .
These last three were brought alongside ere nightfall ; but the windward one could not be reached till morning ; and the boat that had killed it lay by its side all night ; and that boat was Ahab ' s .
In TV , where films were being produced on a regular basis , ranging from the sort of imaginative documentary shorts produced for Huw Wheldon 's Monitor programme to feature-length plays , aspiring filmmakers could try out ideas , take advice from their peers and put enough films through the cameras to develop their own ideas on what they wanted to make films about , and how they would go about it .
She could not stand it .
Before he could return to Burma , Field Marshal Slim had to rally the defeated remnants of a discouraged army and unite them with fresh recruits .
it was also sacred , `` and no believer in an inspired church could tolerate having her canons examined as we should examine human laws '' .
But she said fiery rhetoric could damage bilateral relations , which , however bad , were beginning to show some signs of improvement .
Regardless of how much of a slob you knew yourself to be , you could be certain they would never find out -- and even if they did it would make no difference .
Now Emma was obliged to think of the pianoforte ; and the remembrance of all her former fanciful and unfair conjectures was so little pleasing , that she soon allowed herself to believe her visit had been long enough ; and , with a repetition of every thing that she could venture to say of the good wishes which she really felt , took leave .
Obviously he still could not avoid relinquishing his waiting duties in the dining room , but otherwise the trolley enabled him to accomplish a surprising amount . 
Ignoring the possibility that these trucks could be used by terrorists to transport biological or chemical weapons is irresponsible .
Our group 's been in hibernation since the war began ; for some while your lot was doing a much better job of getting at the British than we could ever hope to do . 
The requirement of establishment imposed by the West German rule could only have been justified by the need to protect policy-holders .
It is slang for chamberpot and , like jakes , could be the familiar variant of a proper name ( Jeremiah or Jeremy ) .
Tessie could do nothing for Alfred .
She could not resist the opportunity `` of showing her superiority in argument over a man '' which she had remarked as one of the `` feminine follies '' of Sara Sullam ; ;
If one wanted to meet someone in London who is in fact elsewhere and had to spend a morning travelling which one could pleasantly have spent in bed , then the desire to travel can be faulted . 
How much could it not tempt her to forgive !
Thus , the emperor could draw on sources not available to those with less puissant ancestors .
So he put on as pleasant a voice as he could ( which is not saying much ) and said ,--
You know that I could hold right here in my hand the little chunk of uranium metal that was the heart of the bomb that dropped on Hiroshima .
Moreover , the measure says nothing about how the wealth is distributed ; a country could raise its GNP by expanding capital intensive industries which leave the poorest sectors of that society completely untouched . 
Furthermore , he could go on repeating the maneuver endlessly : every time he went in the bedroom , he could drop a slip or a brassiere , or maybe a girdle , next to his shorts .
Recent studies by Weston and Stack had indicated that a turbine aerator could be added to an oxidation pond to increase the rate of oxygen transfer .
It was the best he could hope for on a watch that had ended with a session in Killpath's office .
` Please , Guider , could we have a Pack Venture to help Miss Miggs go and stay with her nephew at Christmas ? 
13 : 38 Be it known unto you therefore , men and brethren , that through this man is preached unto you the forgiveness of sins : 13 : 39 And by him all that believe are justified from all things , from which ye could not be justified by the law of Moses .
At second hand we could have enjoyed the thrill of dangerous living or shown magnanimous sympathy with the victims of oppression .
She had asked William about getting Aggie a cat but he had no idea where a tomcat could be found on the quick and he shook his head . 
I would hope that we could create the recognition in the Department and overseas that those who come across little things going wrong have the responsibility for bringing these to the attention of those who can do something about them .
After the ploughing and harrowing , the man drove off , and Margery ' s father said that he himself would do the rest of the work in the late afternoons , when he came home from business ; they could not afford too much help , he said , and he had learned to take care of a garden when he was a boy .
Throw in the financing planned by service firms as well as public spending on eastern telecoms and railways , and the 1991 total could exceed DM50 billion .
But , as to clinching things , Stavrogin is not Tikhon , which evokes another of my dicta : Dostoevsky could only satisfy his urge towards crisis and clarity by surrendering it to the enemy . 
In spring 1988 Johnson asked for the case to be adjourned so that LGCM could move its office without appearing to have been thrown out . 
The deal , which could safeguard the future of the remaining 1,350 workforce , depends on a contract being signed with DAF Trucks NV in Holland .
Seeing that Teclis could not be dissuaded , the High Loremaster gifted him with the War Crown of Saphery and let him go . 
No turbaned Turk , no hired Venetian or Malay , could have smote him with more seeming malice .
Even at this distance I could see he was liberally spattered with yellow paint . 
At first I thought that Anthony Trollope , though an amusing writer , was another male author of the nineteenth century who assumed that women could not exist without a man somewhere in the vicinity . 
I wish I could convey to you what inspires them to do it . 
17 : 16 And I brought him to thy disciples , and they could not cure him .
" He must wish her good night ; he was going ; he should get home as fast as he could ."
If it was of any interest to Miss Rome or could come in anywhere in the play , he hoped she would --
The Senate chamber was locked down , television cameras shut off , so law makers could go into secret session to debate .
Since it was totally dark , all she could see was the blinking wing-tip light .
No one else could have done this as well as Lanfranc with his orderly mind and power of decisive action .
How they were all to be conveyed , he would have made a difficulty if he could , but as his son and daughter ' s carriage and horses were actually at Hartfield , he was not able to make more than a simple question on that head ; it hardly amounted to a doubt ; nor did it occupy Emma long to convince him that they might in one of the carriages find room for Harriet also .
No action of his could be interpreted in his favor and four midshipmen , prior to their knowing the significance of the Greek paper , had seen it in Cromwell's hands while Spencer whispered explanations .
Sarah seemed to be closer to Maureen at this time than to Anne , as she and Maureen could speak freely to each other about the love they had to conceal from others . 
This may be a difficult question to answer , and indeed these techniques may not be comparable , unless one could simultaneously measure function and visualise the squamous columnar junction , which is very difficult .
She lay awake , excited at the prospect of the pig sacrifice Dai Huang had promised she could watch at dawn . 
The painful truth is that the studio is probably right about the impact of the Bond film on the IPO , because the residual glamour of the movies is the only reason one could justify investing in MGM .
They walked along the road through the valley , and chiefly in silence , for Marianne ' s MIND could not be controlled , and Elinor , satisfied with gaining one point , would not then attempt more .
But her annoyance over the pictures could not distract Catherine from her latest -- and biggest -- ambition . 
Elinor was grateful for the attention , but it could not alter her design ; and their mother ' s concurrence being readily gained , every thing relative to their return was arranged as far as it could be ;-- and Marianne found some relief in drawing up a statement of the hours that were yet to divide her from Barton .
The Intel 486 chip can process 15 million instructions per second , or MIPS , while Intel 's previous 386 chip could handle only 3 to 6 MIPS .
Blacky and Sammy Jay at once began to scream and make all the fuss they could .
I sang out , I could not help it now ; and giving a sudden grunt of astonishment he began feeling me .
This could occur where someone has a lien over the goods , i.e. a right to retain possession of them until a debt is paid . 
4 : 15 Now Eli was ninety and eight years old ; and his eyes were dim , that he could not see .
So your friend Mr . Talbot could not afford to bespeak a dress -- ( Bursal and Wheeler laugh insolently .)
But what you could not know , of course , was how smoothly the Victorian Fitzgerald was to lead into an American Fitzgerald of my own vintage under whose banner we adolescents were to come , if not of age , then into a bright , taut semblance of it .
It had claws like an eagle talons ; she could hear them shredding and splintering the wood . 
Our attention has been drawn to the fact that this could be read as a suggestion that illegal or improper activities were taking place within the club . 
23 : 13 Then David and his men , which were about six hundred , arose and departed out of Keilah , and went whithersoever they could go .
Fromm also cites a poll on attitudes toward work restriction conducted by the Opinion Research Corporation in 1945 , in which 49 per cent of manual workers said a man ought to turn out as much as he could in a day's work , while 41 per cent said he should not do his best but should turn out only the average amount .
Not that her mother knew what had happened , but they could speculate upon it .
The family say I take after my mother a great deal in that she could make do and be happy .
An unsuccessful applicant could appeal to the regional committee .
Could you please advise me as to the most suitable type of wood for this ?
And on my own account too -- so dear as he is to me -- I don ' t think I could be equal to it .
Brumidi's son later maintained that Costaggini had compressed and mutilated his father's designs , ambitiously coveting a bit he could claim for his very own .
Very thoughtful of Colonel Campbell , was not it ?-- He knew Miss Fairfax could have no music here .
Nobody could hear what was going on in this underground vault .
Jack leant over his stepfather so that he could see him properly . 
He similarly dismissed a statement by the American Secretary of State , Shultz , that Nicaragua ` could become the source of another crisis similar to the Cuban crisis " .
There was no one she could discuss it with , for Hoomey was too scared , and no one else knew . 
Their translations were often either incorrect or contained a word left in English for which the translator could find no equivalent in his language .
Businessmen fretted that no good could come of such defiance ; students delighted in the courage of their mainland counterparts . 
Above her , in Richard 's bedroom , she could hear the slow deliberate footsteps striding heavily back and forth across the floor . 
The little Nightingale said she could sing better in her own greenwood , but she was so sweet and kind that she came with them .
Highly toxic pollutants could be safely disposed of by burning them under water , Prof Keith Bartle , of Leeds University , told the conference .
He was turning it all over in his mind and studying what it could mean , when he came to a little muddy place on the bank of the Laughing Brook , and there he saw something that made his eyes look as if they would pop right out of his head , and it was right then that he felt his hair rise .
They could hear the rain pattering in the grass and bouncing off the roof of the jeep . 
Emma could hardly understand him ; he seemed in an odd humour .
Although conscious of how like her mother she sounded she could not help herself . 
She pondered , but could think of nothing .
Curbishley is still receiving treatment after having two weeks complete rest and could run in the Stockton district schools championships at the Cleveland County Stadium on Thursday . 
Yes , you could mock at the idea , but that was n't enough to rid yourself of its insidious appeal , politely , persistently tugging at your soul . 
But drive far off the barbarous dissonance Of Bacchus and his revellers , the race Of that wild rout that tore the Thracian bard In Rhodope , where woods and rocks had ears To rapture , till the savage clamour drowned Both harp and voice ; nor could the Muse defend Her son .
It was quite late in the evening when the little Moss came snugly to anchor , and Queequeg and I went ashore ; so we could attend to no business that day , at least none but a supper and a bed .
You could spend weeks pedalling up and over the North York Moors , but if you 've only got a weekend to spare , then the Rosedale area is without doubt the place to go . 
` The rest of the field could n't compete , and it did n't occur to us that MacQuillan was utterly cynical and making pledges he meant to disregard , " he said . 
The deal could generate annual sales of up to £50m ( $97m ) within five years .
That I could forget the trickling tears and the blows of the bludgeons and hammers !
I knocked on it but it was so dilapidated that I could see right through the door frame and into a large room where a man was sitting in a kitchen chair , dressed in trousers and vest . 
11 : 17 Forasmuch then as God gave them the like gift as he did unto us , who believed on the Lord Jesus Christ ; what was I , that I could withstand God ?
All of them could easily strike much of South Korea .
" A lie may ruin you , but I could scarcely think the truth could ."
Mr Sommerville said Ninham 's condition could be treated by drugs . 
I have been always used to a very small income , and could struggle with any poverty for him ; but I love him too well to be the selfish means of robbing him , perhaps , of all that his mother might give him if he married to please her .
He could not conceive that anything really serious could be worrying his friend . 
And , quickly now , the irrevocable moment was approaching , when his passion , which she could feel hard against her , would demand fulfilment , and in doing so might destroy the fragile palace of love which they were building together . 
Emily could see his puzzlement . 
He had displayed more of them than usual so that I could enjoy them .
Needless to say , whenever he could , he read the books in the original French .
For example , domestic waste ( which could include broken pottery ) was often spread on fields during manuring -- the farm from which the pottery came could be some distance away . 
The only thing they feared , was , that from being already so nigh to his mark , he would be enabled to dart his iron before they could completely overtake and pass him .
This could be preceded by a mutual reduction of military activities .
This will allow the business of the firm to continue without the general dissolution which could be the result if the agreement was silent on the point .
The runners found themselves unfairly rebuked for the market-makers ' errors , and for their whimsical misquotes or bid-only quotes that could ruin a deal . 
She could n't forget Marc 's expression just now . 
` I could see how that would be dangerous , " Dowd said .
Ezra Stiles Gannett , an honorable representative of the sanhedrin , addressed himself frankly to the issue in 1845 , insisting that Parker should not be persecuted or calumniated and that in this republic no power to restrain him by force could exist .
After a heart-stopping few minutes it was realized that it could be just squeezed through with about three-quarters of an inch to spare . 
Land that was not ` used " could be expropriated for the benefit of the industrious poor ; rents should be controlled , the needy farmer aided . 
He had told her that he could not allow himself the pleasure of stopping at Hartfield , as he was to be at home by the middle of the day .
" What guilty neglect and vicious treatment " , wrote one clergyman , " could have led to all the depravity of the maritime population ? 
Mr Salam , 84 , a Sunni Muslim , is the most impressive of Lebanon 's dying breed of elder statesmen , but his words could have been those of a much younger man .
Sitting in the kitchen I recalled every word Mrs. Salter said that could have been a sign to me .
His soul and speech were incurably tragic ; he could not force himself to play the prosperous and frivolous part demanded of him by President Sunday .
And as to smaller - sized rooms than I had been used to , I really could not give it a thought .
The Australian stopped trying to talk a pidgin I could understand , and spoke strange words from deep in his chest .
`` Only a strong and outright condemnation from Britain could have any impact on the French government , '' said Janet Bloomfield , chair of Britain 's Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament .
` I went on a submarine trip when I was 16 , and it was the greatest thing I could imagine then to serve my country in a submarine . 
The landowners , who are developing the 3,000-home Grange Farm estate , say they were told that only 1,600 homes could be erected before the bypass was built . 
But he could do nothing except bark , and bite at the heels of the wicked men .
Another chilling howl and I could have sworn I smelt their hot , sour breath . 
You could not give me a greater reproof for the mistake I fell into .
Yet as she was convinced that Marianne ' s affection for Willoughby , could leave no hope of Colonel Brandon ' s success , whatever the event of that affection might be , and at the same time wished to shield her conduct from censure , she thought it most prudent and kind , after some consideration , to say more than she really knew or believed .
` You could try a little minced veal , " he was saying . 
He went around the cut in the belly so that he could examine it from the inside . 
When he peeped through the gap he could see the big half-pillars supporting the lintel , the rounded stone steps leading down to the paved walkway and the wilderness of garden beyond . 
A two - day frequency could satisfy a three - day window , but would miss many delivery dates for time value publications .
She could hear children scampering in the room above ; had she been overheard ?
He had done all he could and that was that .
They sang together once more ; and Emma would then resign her place to Miss Fairfax , whose performance , both vocal and instrumental , she never could attempt to conceal from herself , was infinitely superior to her own .
My friend Robert could not resist .
He stroked one long finger down her cheek , and she wondered savagely why , even now , she could n't recoil from his touch . 
A few inferior dwellings were first to be passed , and then , about a quarter of a mile down the lane rose the Vicarage , an old and not very good house , almost as close to the road as it could be .
13 : 11 And , behold , there was a woman which had a spirit of infirmity eighteen years , and was bowed together , and could in no wise lift up herself .
The young man ' s conduct , and his sister ' s , seemed the result of real feeling , and she could not but pity them .
When he got home that evening he could smell that Val was in a mood . 
But he must not be addressing his reflections to Anne alone : he knew it ; he was soon diffused again among the others , and it was only at intervals that he could return to Lyme .
How could it ever be ascertained that his mind was truly cleansed ?
He was more interested in pinpointing areas where he could find the most new species .
There she was welcomed , with the utmost delight , by her father , who had been trembling for the dangers of a solitary drive from Vicarage Lane -- turning a corner which he could never bear to think of -- and in strange hands -- a mere common coachman -- no James ; and there it seemed as if her return only were wanted to make every thing go well : for Mr . John Knightley , ashamed of his ill - humour , was now all kindness and attention ; and so particularly solicitous for the comfort of her father , as to seem -- if not quite ready to join him in a basin of gruel -- perfectly sensible of its being exceedingly wholesome ; and the day was concluding in peace and comfort to all their little party , except herself .-- But her mind had never been in such perturbation ; and it needed a very strong effort to appear attentive and cheerful till the usual hour of separating allowed her the relief of quiet reflection .
When Al Pacino made Kate Nelligan squeeze her feet into gold stilettos throughout intercourse in Frankie and Johnny , the audience knew instinctively that it could n't be love . 
It proved impossible ; her senses were heightened to such a degree that she could hear every move he made .
By their uncertain light she thought she could discern it to be drawn by four horses ; and this , while it told the excess of her poor mother ' s alarm , gave some explanation to such unexpected rapidity .
With that he spat on the floor ; yet somehow in the very act and instant one could realize that the man had been brought up as a gentleman .
'' The best that can be said is that observation ( and we could stretch and call that consciousness , I guess ) is implicated in every phenomenon we can observe and seemingly in every phenomenon we can theorize to explain .
A friendly eye could neuer see such faults
To do what would be most generally pleasing must be our object -- if one could but tell what that would be ."
Mr. Glazer could n't immediately be reached to comment .
14 : 8 She hath done what she could : she is come aforehand to anoint my body to the burying .
As hard as I tried , I could not make use of the staff , so I carried it , hobbling like a stage imbecile . 
Both Alfred Harcourt and Donald Brace had written him enthusiastic praise of Elmer Gantry ( any changes could be made in proof , which was already coming from the printer ) and they had ordered 140,000 copies -- the largest first printing of any book in history .
Those who had been previously addicted to opioids could perceive no changes whatsoever . 
said the Rabbit ' s voice ; and Alice called out as loud as she could , ' If you do .
Oh , if only she could stop crying …
But he could not forestall a major parliamentary outcry on the news of McGregor 's appointment .
Peter just could n't resist young blondes , and being the boss he knew he could take his pick — until he met Vanessa …
As for Cousin Alexander Carraway , the only thing Theresa could remember at the moment about him ( except his paper knife ) was that he had had exceptionally long hands and feet and one night about one o'clock in the morning the whole Stubblefield family had been aroused to go next door at Cousin Emma's call -- first Papa , then Mother , then Theresa and George .
She could not scream , for even if a sound could take shape within her parched mouth , who would hear , who would listen ? ?
During negotiations with American officials in May 1988 over proposals to drop the U.S. indictments in exchange for his resignation , Mr. Noriega often asked almost plaintively how the Americans , whom he had helped for so many years , could turn against him .
But now she made the sudden resolution of not passing their door without going in -- observing , as she proposed it to Harriet , that , as well as she could calculate , they were just now quite safe from any letter from Jane Fairfax .
And then a log broke in the hearth , sending sparks cascading , and the shadows leapt , and Grainne remembered all of the old stories , and could almost have believed that the ancient Ireland had awoken at last ; that goblins and satyrs and cloven-hoofed , pointed-eared creatures were prancing in the room with them . 
The two accused boys have been held separately since their arrest on Thursday morning , but it is feared today 's court appearance could provide a flashpoint . 
But how could -- ? ?
No flesh that she could see , just the pink noses of the dogs , bloodied from the hare they had eaten alive . 
Mr Newham said the PPL would have ` no qualms "  about seeking redress from those who consistently ignored them , but added : ` If you were to apply for a licence today we could be lenient about past fees . "  
Syme was ready to believe anything about the perversions of this dehumanized brotherhood ; but even he could not believe that the Professor had fallen in love with that particular wax lady .
The Country Mouse ran after , you may be sure , as fast as _he_ could .
Gulf's holdings could have been converted into 2,700,877 shares of Union Oil common upon surrender of debentures plus cash , according to Union .
All teachers could usefully participate in an initial brainstorming exercise , sharing ideas and strategies , and perhaps suggesting some local sites or resources .
It was sleeting so hard we could barely see for 30 yards . 
Miss Nash had told her all this , and had talked a great deal more about Mr . Elton ; and said , looking so very significantly at her , " that she did not pretend to understand what his business might be , but she only knew that any woman whom Mr . Elton could prefer , she should think the luckiest woman in the world ; for , beyond a doubt , Mr . Elton had not his equal for beauty or agreeableness ."
It is estimated that agreement on the whole GATT package could increase global economic activity by $4,000 billion within a decade . 
If this decoy assault should fail to draw the English troops from the camp at Belmont , he knew the islanders could not match the outsiders ' firepower in open battle . 
These companies ' activities on the Stock Exchange during the 1980s could be taken as evidence of this as foreign companies have mounted massive takeover bids for British ones .
The baby 's mother said she only left her alone so the child could have a nap . 
This , however , he could by no means persuade them to do , until they had filled their pockets with apples ; then , to his great joy , they returned , crept in at the window and each retired , as softly as possible , to his own apartment .
What could explain the dual use of words like ` hot " and ` cold " if not resemblance in the things of which they were used ?
Although clad with armor to withstand bullets from an AK-47 , the vehicle could be damaged or destroyed while detonating a large roadside bomb .
As he crept downstairs he could hear weird music floating out from under the door , queer spine-chilling music that reminded him of icebergs and great snowy wastes , and polar bears lumbering round in furthest Greenland . 
And now his heart Distends with pride , and , hardening in his strength , Glories : for never , since created Man , Met such embodied force as , named with these , Could merit more than that small infantry Warred on by cranes -- though all the giant brood Of Phlegra with th ' heroic race were joined That fought at Thebes and Ilium , on each side Mixed with auxiliar gods ; and what resounds In fable or romance of Uther ' s son , Begirt with British and Armoric knights ; And all who since , baptized or infidel , Jousted in Aspramont , or Montalban , Damasco , or Marocco , or Trebisond , Or whom Biserta sent from Afric shore When Charlemain with all his peerage fell By Fontarabbia .
But if a crack is allowed to open , a deluge of disastrous legislation could occur . 
Whatever Marianne was desirous of , her mother would be eager to promote -- she could not expect to influence the latter to cautiousness of conduct in an affair respecting which she had never been able to inspire her with distrust ; and she dared not explain the motive of her own disinclination for going to London .
` You could be on th'devil'sh businesh , for ought we care , " he slurred . 
Deprived of a swim , Henrietta decided to wash her hair but the bathroom tap could only be persuaded to emit a trickle of dark brown water , after which it coughed , spluttered and ran dry . 
It did not seem a very appropriate place or time for a holiday , but Father Brown had few holidays , and had to take them when he could , and he always preferred , if possible , to take them in company with his old friend Flambeau , ex - criminal and ex - detective .
But as all else in him thinned , and his cheek - bones grew sharper , his eyes , nevertheless , seemed growing fuller and fuller ; they became of a strange softness of lustre ; and mildly but deeply looked out at you there from his sickness , a wondrous testimony to that immortal health in him which could not die , or be weakened .
If a would-be burglar was standing outside your front or rear door , how many neighbours could see him ? 
An historic legal decision will give tens of thousands of European students who could not afford British college fees the right to apply for discretionary grants . 
He could imagine her at this minute , honeymooning in Nassau with what's-his-name , lounging on golden sands , looking forward to a life of unalloyed bliss .
But you could ( as from yourself ) tell her that you had friends who , being with the army , don't know what to do with their money and would willingly let her have one or many thousand dollars '' .
This was the amount of the whole story ,-- of his communication and of Harriet ' s as soon as she had recovered her senses and speech .-- He dared not stay longer than to see her well ; these several delays left him not another minute to lose ; and Emma engaging to give assurance of her safety to Mrs . Goddard , and notice of there being such a set of people in the neighbourhood to Mr . Knightley , he set off , with all the grateful blessings that she could utter for her friend and herself .
She felt that half this folly must be drunkenness , and therefore could hope that it might belong only to the passing hour .
Listening to the debate and the old-fashioned ideas of male supremacy it unearthed , you could have been forgiven for thinking that we were still in the 16th Century .
Before I move on I note that I could have fished the swim from the other bank , although there was no shallow-enough water nearby to ford the river .
Adam could afford it because of the money he got from the sale of Wyvis Hall and later from the sale of the London house he bought with the money from the sale of Wyvis Hall . 
" I wish that mine could !"
Even if all these operations could be performed instantaneously , the ICBM still has a time of flight to the target of about 30 minutes .
He would sit , slim-waisted and spare , on the edge of Scotty's bed , his legs crossed so elaborately that the crossed foot could tap the floor .
For that brief moment she could see the room beyond him and there , jutting out from what seemed at first glance to be a pillow beneath the blanket , the naked foot of a youth . 
However , that figure could be revised , Financial Corp. said .
" If you could be assured of that , you think you should be easy ."
Neither of these showed the sea-level view from an assault craft , when the ` white house " reference point for a beach could be hidden by trees .
Scott reached up and massaged his own shoulders as best he could . 
Poor Harriet was in a flutter of spirits which required all the reasonings and soothings and attentions of every kind that Emma could give .
There was a languor , a want of spirits , a want of union , which could not be got over .
Sherman proved that a railway base could be movable and the most brilliant feature of the Atlanta campaign was the rapid repair of the tracks .
When reaching far over the bow , Stubb slowly churned his long sharp lance into the fish , and kept it there , carefully churning and churning , as if cautiously seeking to feel after some gold watch that the whale might have swallowed , and which he was fearful of breaking ere he could hook it out .
and it will not be very long , I hope , before that becomes the acknowledgment of more than your reason .-- Fortunate that your affections were not farther entangled !-- I could never , I confess , from your manners , assure myself as to the degree of what you felt -- I could only be certain that there was a preference -- and a preference which I never believed him to deserve .-- He is a disgrace to the name of man .-- And is he to be rewarded with that sweet young woman ?-- Jane , Jane , you will be a miserable creature ."
We created works of art that could not even be imagined by lesser races ; we pushed our bodies even further and devised whole new theories and systems to improve our way of life . 
Reportedly , Netwise could not afford to continue financing the European effort once the cash had dried up .
So great a man could not but understand , too , that the thing that moves men to sacrifice their lives is not the error of their thought , which their opponents see and attack , but the truth which the latter do not see -- any more than they see the error which mars the truth they themselves defend .
It could be argued that any fellowship which centers in residential neighborhoods is doomed to become an expression of the panic for stable identity among the middle classes .
A family who 've been saved from eviction by an anonymous donor say it 's the best Christmas present they could have hoped for . 
If I was n't going to enjoy a plethora of gifts and compliments , at least I could soak myself in a great comforting pool of self-pity . 
She was persuaded that under every disadvantage of disapprobation at home , and every anxiety attending his profession , all their probable fears , delays , and disappointments , she should yet have been a happier woman in maintaining the engagement , than she had been in the sacrifice of it ; and this , she fully believed , had the usual share , had even more than the usual share of all such solicitudes and suspense been theirs , without reference to the actual results of their case , which , as it happened , would have bestowed earlier prosperity than could be reasonably calculated on .
And you know that at the same time as you could clout them you 'd actually die for them also if it came to the point . 
At the time of going to press , the ITF confirmed that it was awaiting papers from Slovenia so that it could process its application to become an associate member .
If there is time after the warning , the basement shielding could be improved substantially by blocking windows with bricks , dirt , books , magazines , or other heavy material .
Keith Thomas pressed a button and a huge door clanked upwards so that I could peer into the heart of the furnace . 
When you find one of these giants embedded in the honey-coloured limestones of central England or the hard blue rocks of Dorset , you might think that such immense creatures could do little but lumber massively along the sea bed . 
" But what could it mean ?"
In the average-size or small hotel these tasks could be centralised and dealt with by the brigade of receptionists in one office . 
The Doctor ' s sleek and smiling head did not move , but they could have sworn that under his dark glasses his eyes darted towards Syme .
He had all the clearness and quickness of mind which she wanted , and he could sometimes act an ungracious , or say a severe thing .
He could only hope that his Chelonian captors were n't engaged in fiendish torture or had n't cut off his legs or anything . 
Unfortunately , her husband could not reconcile himself to having married a commoner and even taught their sons to be disrespectful to her when they were young . 
Some of the children of the family could not pronounce this name and called her Paula , a soubriquet Carl liked so much she has been Paula ever since .
The Data Protection Registrar is quoted as warning local councils that they could break the law if they maintain a register of all adults for the council tax . 
3 : 11 And he could not answer Abner a word again , because he feared him .
This shelter could be built in regions where water or rock is close to the surface , making it impractical to build an underground shelter .
When first sounded on the subject , he was so miserable , that they were almost hopeless .-- A second allusion , indeed , gave less pain .-- He began to think it was to be , and that he could not prevent it -- a very promising step of the mind on its way to resignation .
He could conceivably have wished to make sure ; ;
Mr Elliot is a man without heart or conscience ; a designing , wary , cold - blooded being , who thinks only of himself ; whom for his own interest or ease , would be guilty of any cruelty , or any treachery , that could be perpetrated without risk of his general character .
Although fighting has moved beyond Jasenica , the clatter of machine-gun fire could still be heard as convoys of soldiers tested their weapons on farm animals grazing on the roadside .
One could almost fancy they were sea - monsters like krakens or cuttlefish , writhing polypi who had crawled up from the sea to see the end of this tragedy , even as he , the villain and victim of it , the terrible man in the tall hat , had once crawled up from the sea .
Does he accept that not only that youth 's family but many other people have a total lack of comprehension as to how someone could be hanged in this country when he was in police custody when the gun was fired and the unfortunate police officer was killed by another person ? 
( Some say Mark Rothko killed himself partly because he could not cope with the contradiction of being showered with material rewards for works which howled their opposition to bourgeois materialism . ) 
Stiffening in himself the masculine but mirthless courage of the atheist , he drew a little nearer to the wall and , catching the man at a slightly different angle of the evening light , could see his face and figure quite plain .
But the broomstick could n't do anything to avert the crash . 
Lorton could hear the clatter of saucepans as she prepared dinner . 
He could only guess at where the angled metal of the sprung bolt might be , and hope that with sufficient working around the card would eventually ease it back . 
Women were remarking on the window hangings -- ` You could hang my whole downstairs with one of those red curtains , " said Mary McCulloch , ` and have a length left over for the beds . " 
And certainly he was anything but a coward : swollen and sedentary as he was , he could have hit any man back who touched him with the instant violence of an automatic machine ; and dying in a uniform would have seemed to him only the sort of thing that sometimes happens .
And they ran as fast as they could to the little hole where they had come in .
The diuell himselfe could not pronounce a Title More hatefull to mine eare
But before she could open her mouth another familiar voice came floating from the house behind him . 
Could n't risk letting that kind of thing happen again .
Living in damp caves beneath the earth , Echidna shunned the light of day ; her presence could be tracked by rank , marshy patches , or cracks in the soil 's surface . 
Of course , her benevolence was limited to those who could afford it , but then there is a limit to what one person can do .
Two witnesses have come forward with information that could lead to the killer 's arrest . 
Whether they were firm sand or quicksand it was difficult to guess ; but there was at least no doubt that they lay on the edge of some larger land ; for colourless hills appeared faintly behind them and no sea could be seen beyond .
But he did come upon the little house that was waiting for him , in a clearing in the depths , and was cheered by the lines of yellow light he could see between and under the shutters . 
It could just be that and of course it would be very naive to assume that evolution had adapted us always to be happy with everything . 
He ca n't try anything , could n't risk trying to get away . " 
These were pleasant feelings , and she walked about and indulged them till it was necessary to do as the others did , and collect round the strawberry - beds .-- The whole party were assembled , excepting Frank Churchill , who was expected every moment from Richmond ; and Mrs . Elton , in all her apparatus of happiness , her large bonnet and her basket , was very ready to lead the way in gathering , accepting , or talking -- strawberries , and only strawberries , could now be thought or spoken of .--" The best fruit in England -- every body ' s favourite -- always wholesome .-- These the finest beds and finest sorts .-- Delightful to gather for one ' s self -- the only way of really enjoying them .-- Morning decidedly the best time -- never tired -- every sort good -- hautboy infinitely superior -- no comparison -- the others hardly eatable -- hautboys very scarce -- Chili preferred -- white wood finest flavour of all -- price of strawberries in London -- abundance about Bristol -- Maple Grove -- cultivation -- beds when to be renewed -- gardeners thinking exactly different -- no general rule -- gardeners never to be put out of their way -- delicious fruit -- only too rich to be eaten much of -- inferior to cherries -- currants more refreshing -- only objection to gathering strawberries the stooping -- glaring sun -- tired to death -- could bear it no longer -- must go and sit in the shade ."
The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act ( HIPAA ) begins to address this area , [ 53 ] but has many problems which will need to be resolved , specifically concerning the nature of the boundaries regarding what is permissible and what is not ; if interpreted broadly , HIPAA could make clinical research nearly impossible [ 47 ] . More legislation will be needed to strike an effective balance .
Zen 's barking background could only have been a big plus the day he found a newborn baby whose entire experience of life was going to be lying abandoned for a few hours by a creek near Plymouth . 
A happinesse , That often Madnesse hits on , Which Reason and Sanitie could not So prosperously be deliuer ' d of .
Nevertheless , no writer , however self-sufficient , writes without a thought of an audience , and Tolkien was happy to discover anyone who could appreciate what he was up to . 
For , as it eventually turned out , he cared not to consort , even for five minutes , with any stranger captain , except he could contribute some of that information he so absorbingly sought .
Dustin asked if he could sleep at Beck 's apartment , and if he would come and pick him up at the hall . 
Getting about could be pricey . 
He really pressed them , with some earnestness , to consider Norland as their home ; and , as no plan appeared so eligible to Mrs . Dashwood as remaining there till she could accommodate herself with a house in the neighbourhood , his invitation was accepted .
Sara stood in the road and inhaled warm , clean country air in which she could distinguish the smell of the sea from a hint of the gorse on the hills . 
Anyone who scorns Australian copywriting would scorn no further if they could have seen the effect that this advert was having on Rachel . 
" Why could you not keep your hat upon your head , man ?"
2 : 4 And when they could not come nigh unto him for the press , they uncovered the roof where he was : and when they had broken it up , they let down the bed wherein the sick of the palsy lay .
She already knew how very bull-headed he could be when he was going after something he wanted . 
Such specialized training institutions could be located near the most rapidly growing industries , where the equipment and job experience exist and where the future employment opportunities are located .
Such a collapse is accompanied by sudden mass-loss , giving the system a velocity impulse which could result in ejection from the cluster core . 
However a new range of cheap , in-house brands could put pressure on retailers to lower prices on their existing own-label products too , leaving them worse off . 
NEC is telling the Japanese press it could n't agree with SGI on either price or technical issues .
Many of the component technologies matured rapidly and could be transferred abroad without making undue demands on the technical capacity of the local workforce .
The aircraft could be used to destroy other mobile , fleeting , and imprecisely located targets as well as the known , fixed and hardened targets which can also be destroyed by missile .
He was not , could not be the Southfields Strangler or the Rapist of Raynes Park . 
Community care proposals were perceived by many NHS staff as essentially to do with social care , something which could best be left to the local authorities . 
He stuffed his shoes and ties and books into every plastic bag I could find before stopping himself , as he realized it was undignified to disfigure the house before deserting it . 
He could get back at them in some commando-style way .
This important legal ruling that the untaught deaf and dumb could be held responsible for the crimes they committed helped to ensure that another uneducated deaf woman was punished for the infanticide of her child . 
We figured the United Nations could handle the rest .
Because of Tuesday 's earthquake in Northern California , company officials could n't immediately be reached for additional comment .
Actually , the types of infection that could attack a warm-blooded mammal were not infinite , and over the course of the last few hundred years adequate defenses had been found for all basic categories .
By this time the afternoon sun was slanting westward , and by its rays Syme could see the sturdy figure of the old innkeeper growing smaller and smaller , but still standing and looking after them quite silently , the sunshine in his silver hair .
This , Miss Miggs explained , was because her hand had become too shaky to form the letters clearly , but Christine knew perfectly well that the old lady could n't write .
All areas of history were either favorably or adversely affected by the geographical environment , and no respectable historian could pursue the study of history without a thorough knowledge of geography .
Grimma could see the yellow-green glow in the fox 's eyes and the cloud of its breath . 
Nor could its relationship to the external tower at the north-west corner or to the west gate be determined . 
Nigel could empathize with that .
All he could do was smile and wriggle his toes in delight . 
Do not you agree with me , that it is the best thing he could do , both for himself and Mrs Shirley ?
And it is not merely the house -- the grounds , I assure you , as far as I could observe , are strikingly like .
The air-dispersion model indicated that adverse effects from exposure to airborne pollutants from the land application site could not be ruled out as a cause of adverse health effects .
Soon there could be wholesale transfers of industry to republican control .
In the days of Chairman Mao , author of the disastrous Great Leap Forward and the Cultural Revolution , the party could belittle such dangers . 
It would be a pity to be divided , and we should be losing Miss Anne , too , if there is a party at her father ' s ; and I am sure neither Henrietta nor I should care at all for the play , if Miss Anne could not be with us ."
We were also aware of the problem that assessment in English , particularly that at age 7 , could result in bilingual children reaching only a comparatively low level of achievement . 
He backed away , and still they struck and lunged in his direction ; he backed away even more until he could barely see them in the gloom . 
The Wind could not get it off .
How could he comprehend her need when he himself was innocent ? ?
Charlie liked to sleep here and there , owning nothing , living nowhere permanent , screwing whoever he could ; sometimes he even rehearsed and wrote songs .
This is well evidenced by the Quietist doctrines carried over in Zen : the idea of the inward turning of thought , the enjoinder to put aside desires and perturbations so that a return to purity , peace , and stillness -- a union with the Infinite , with the Tao -- could be effected .
But the rest of the street , especially the two ends of it , was in the deepest twilight , and for some seconds they could see nothing .
So far he had attended Mass at St Basil 's only once , sitting at the back and hurrying out after the service before anyone could speak to him .
As Middlemass ( 1979 , p. 443 ) remarks of the Act , the TUC ` could hardly have accepted such a reversal of the terms of politics as they had been understood for a generation . " 
Still , however , though every thing had not been accomplished by her ingenious device , she could not but flatter herself that it had been the occasion of much present enjoyment to both , and must be leading them forward to the great event .
Behind him he could hear one of the boys mutter that Mr Wilson had gone mad , and another reply that he always had been . 
She could not speak another word .-- Her voice was lost ; and she sat down , waiting in great terror till Harriet should answer .
The morning hours of the Cottage were always later than those of the other house , and on the morrow the difference was so great that Mary and Anne were not more than beginning breakfast when Charles came in to say that they were just setting off , that he was come for his dogs , that his sisters were following with Captain Wentworth ; his sisters meaning to visit Mary and the child , and Captain Wentworth proposing also to wait on her for a few minutes if not inconvenient ; and though Charles had answered for the child ' s being in no such state as could make it inconvenient , Captain Wentworth would not be satisfied without his running on to give notice .
Since ordinary breakfast-table conversation was impossible , it was at least something that they were able to offer Eugene the sugar bowl with their sugar in it , and the plate of bread and butter , and that Eugene could return the pitcher of hot milk to them handle first .
it was mud in wet weather and dust , ankle-deep , in dry , and could be crossed only at the corner where there were stepping stones .
As she grappled with the staples she could feel inside the bag the firm shape of a book . 
Thus if a particularly irate husband pronounced the words three times in the heat of the moment the divorce was permanent and could not be reversed . 
The concern is particularly acute in Europe , where many fear that violence against blacks and others perceived as Kadafi loyalists could lead to a desperate new boat exodus across the Mediterranean .
Elinor was hardly less anxious than herself for their removal , and only so much less bent on its being effected immediately , as that she was conscious of the difficulties of so long a journey , which Marianne could not be brought to acknowledge .
In any case , wings which could have lifted that huge body would have been far too cumbersome when diving .
If there is someone you trust and who knows you well you could ask for their opinions on some of these questions and your answers to them . 
Oliver could be heard beginning a suitable reply before the woman babbled on about something else . 
cried Elinor , " could it be -- could Willoughby !"
Then before MacIan could get past his sprawling and staggering figure he ran forward again and said with a sort of shouting and ear - shattering whisper : " I say , my name is Wilkinson .
If Mahzeer was alone with the prime minister he could be arranging his execution while Hoag stood out here shivering in the darkening street .
How on earth , when her heart was thumping and her body drowning in a wave of heat , could she stay angry at him ? 
As soon as it lurched backwards , he stood up , ran the length of the bus as fast as he could and jumped over the wall . 
But it could ultimately lead to German reunification and the disappearance of East Germany from the map .
and Elizabeth , to do her justice , had , in the first ardour of female alarm , set seriously to think what could be done , and had finally proposed these two branches of economy , to cut off some unnecessary charities , and to refrain from new furnishing the drawing - room ; to which expedients she afterwards added the happy thought of their taking no present down to Anne , as had been the usual yearly custom .
Nothing could be seen from the floor , but by moving around the gallery one could get glimpses ; ;
The odds , as they well knew , were against them finishing even one tour , but war is a horrible business and we all had to do the best we could in discouraging circumstances . 
I could give many other examples which would kill once and for all the idea so often propounded by the opponents of local income tax that such a tax would not benefit people on the lowest incomes .
She could not contemplate the change as implying less .
Elinor would not argue upon the propriety of overcoming such feelings ;-- she only endeavoured to counteract them by working on others ;-- represented it , therefore , as a measure which would fix the time of her returning to that dear mother , whom she so much wished to see , in a more eligible , more comfortable manner , than any other plan could do , and perhaps without any greater delay .
` You could n't see into the office from the kitchen ? " 
She could sympathize with his chagrin but it was hardly enough to keep him awake at night .
And when it came nearer , they saw that it was a most beautiful lady , robed in floating garments as fine as cobwebs and wearing on her head a crown so bright that no one could tell whether it was of diamonds or of dew .
For some of these people the time is past when they could reappraise their stance .
She was of strict integrity herself , with a delicate sense of honour ; but she was as desirous of saving Sir Walter ' s feelings , as solicitous for the credit of the family , as aristocratic in her ideas of what was due to them , as anybody of sense and honesty could well be .
Helen , never taking her eyes off Alexandra , craned sideways so that she could wind a finger round and round in a hole in her black stocking . 
Anne had gone unhappy to school , grieving for the loss of a mother whom she had dearly loved , feeling her separation from home , and suffering as a girl of fourteen , of strong sensibility and not high spirits , must suffer at such a time ; and Miss Hamilton , three years older than herself , but still from the want of near relations and a settled home , remaining another year at school , had been useful and good to her in a way which had considerably lessened her misery , and could never be remembered with indifference .
Harry could see the sun glistening on the naked patches of her body although she had not yet removed her undergarments . 
The S&L bailout could cost $ 300 billion , computing interest on the government 's loans .
I could not have visited Mrs . Robert Martin , of Abbey - Mill Farm .
Life could be unfair for some . 
There was a fine spray of rain , and the weather was misty , but I could still see the forested islands on the lake , and the tall mountains brooding all around . 
Now she could hear more ; and she trembled in expectation of it .
The party leadership of Mr Milos Jakes was still clinging to the hope that it could separate ‘ the workers ’ from ‘ the intellectuals ’ , he said . 
said his mother , looking at him quite frightened , whilst he tried to speak , but could not .
Sir James Reckitt did some amateur excavating when he lived at the manor and some stones , which could have formed church windows , can still be seen in the gardens of houses since built on the site . 
He was so close , she could n't think , she certainly could n't speak , explain that nothing mattered except the longing , the sudden urgency , the need to feel his mouth on hers . 
` Immediately after the crash I could n't feel the baby moving and he was normally a quite active baby , " she said . 
Wainfleet could not resist gloating to Rain over his story of a romance between Hunter-Blair and Maureen . 
Into our room of bliss thus high advanced Creatures of other mould , earth - born perhaps , Not Spirits , yet to heavenly Spirits bright Little inferiour ; whom my thoughts pursue With wonder , and could love , so lively shines In them divine resemblance , and such grace The hand that formed them on their shape hath poured .
As I clambered out of the trench and made my way across to Brigade H.Q I could see the jeep with the stretchers on top waiting at the entrance to the orchard . 
I said to the guy , how many of these could I actually walk out with ? 
He gave every sign of not having heard her and then he said suddenly , ` How could it have been impossible ? 
In desperation Maggie consulted Eugenia one afternoon : `` Do you think you could find me something I could do here at home to make some money , so I could still watch the baby and do the rest of the things '' ? ?
" Steelkilt leaped on the barricade , and striding up and down there , defied the worst the pistols could do ; but gave the captain to understand distinctly , that his ( Steelkilt ' s ) death would be the signal for a murderous mutiny on the part of all hands .
Through one of the glass panes in Plover Hide I could see a twite : a plump little linnet-like bird , brown , streaky-breasted , with a bright yellow stubby bill . 
Anne had soon been in company with all the four together often enough to have an opinion , though too wise to acknowledge as much at home , where she knew it would have satisfied neither husband nor wife ; for while she considered Louisa to be rather the favourite , she could not but think , as far as she might dare to judge from memory and experience , that Captain Wentworth was not in love with either .
We could beat them into submission , but if you spend time with them , and you are real gentle with them , find out what they like scratched maybe , then it 's a cinch .
In Europe , Premier Clemenceau , showing his animal proclivities as the `` Tiger of France '' , asked Pershing by letter for the creation of special houses where the sexual desires of American men could be satisfied .
O Cassius , If you could but winne the Noble Brutus To our party - Cassi .
DANGER : Do n't give your child an easy ride -- the trolley could topple over 
It could have been so much worse . " 
Sharpe could hear the hiss and whiplash of musket bullets all around them . 
Praying he could n't see her agonised blush , Leonora smiled shakily . 
All of them felt a compelling need for more coverage on areas that could be only lightly touched upon in a general survey functional course .
Colonel ," said she , with her usual noisy cheerfulness , " I am monstrous glad to see you -- sorry I could not come before -- beg your pardon , but I have been forced to look about me a little , and settle my matters ; for it is a long while since I have been at home , and you know one has always a world of little odd things to do after one has been away for any time ; and then I have had Cartwright to settle with -- Lord , I have been as busy as a bee ever since dinner !
There might really have been a liking formerly , though convenience and accident had drawn him a different way ; and now that he could afford to please himself , he might mean to pay his addresses to her .
It was evident that Mrs Funnell could not imagine her great-granddaughter drinking brandy and port mixed . 
Nor could he help observing that Tarlton , with all his vaunted prowess , was the first to run away from the appearance of danger .
Faced with his threat that a dispute could force a total close down , the workers were not ready to risk their jobs . 
Little surprise then that when substitute Walters , who ignited a wonderful game with a superb goal , scored the winner six minutes from time , Souness could not contain himself . 
3- Personal disputes between member brethren could be judged by qualified members of AL- QAEDA or outsiders .
As a magistrate , he had generally some point of law to consult John about , or , at least , some curious anecdote to give ; and as a farmer , as keeping in hand the home - farm at Donwell , he had to tell what every field was to bear next year , and to give all such local information as could not fail of being interesting to a brother whose home it had equally been the longest part of his life , and whose attachments were strong .
The little boy could never get enough ; so for this he was called " Little Jack Rollaround ."
I tried -- but could not frame a sentence .
It seemed unlikely that her crew , if either of them were alive , could even see the Ariadne , for they were passing her at a distance of nearly a light-year .
I came to inquire , but I was convinced before I could ask the question .
Nobody could have explained to my husband .
I would be glad if you could deal with the above in terms of your role as contact with DSO staff .
He could not swim across , and he wanted to keep running away from the cow and the horse and the people .
Lord , could anything have been more intimately sinful ? 
And yet , a few minutes afterwards , she felt as if their being in company with each other , under their present circumstances , could only be exposing them to inadvertencies and misconstructions of the most mischievous kind .
Thus I met any number of expressions which I could work out , given their contexts , and which have in common both a valiant attempt to use English and an unfamiliarity with idiom .
The Bank does not provide assistance and interest rates could rise very high indeed .
Ruth had never tasted ice-cream before coming to America and now , like Anna , she could have eaten it all day long . 
The cost of decommissioning nuclear power stations and reprocessing spent nuclear fuel in Britain could reach £40 billion , according to a report by the National Audit Office ( NAO ) .
Why Mr. Jackson , who could n't be reached for comment , has made some of his checks available for sale is n't clear .
Sequencing of yet another cDNA clone H4 that we have recently identified ( Fig. 7 ) , revealed that type III repeats 6-11 including the AD1 could be spliced out . 
Some whooped and yelped like savages , others lounged in corners staring wistfully at toys they could never afford . 
Merchants discovered a consumer largely ignored by higher-priced furriers : the younger woman -- even in her late 20s -- who never thought she could buy a mink .
The Friar was bewildered by his loss and could not bring himself to think clearly about the disaster . 
The minister said that he felt as if he were being pursued by a wild animal and could only throw off his clothes to distract its attention .
We stopped and built a makeshift shelter to get away , as best we could , from snow that filtered its way through every opening to produce melt water that trickled coldly over us . 
They figured prominently in the Balafrej government of May , 1958 , which the King was reportedly determined to keep in office until elections could be held .
Interestingly enough -- although none of the real-life therapists involved could conceivably compare with Blauberman -- when groups of them began playing back interviews , they discovered any number of ways in which they wanted to polish their own interview techniques ; ;
Jen 's involvement with her job was such that she could not bear to leave it and would have motored through the day on a couple of sandwiches . 
What could we discern in those folds of black on white ? 
This could add considerably to the existing demand to rehabilitate patients from Rampton special hospital , which also lies within Bassetlaw . 
Is it not clear that our crafty hero would have gained rather more by a partnership with Francisco , and by a fair character , than he could possibly obtain by fraudulent dealing in comfits ?
Generations of British people have been happily walking into pubs for years and drinking alcohol that they could buy for a fraction of the price in a supermarket or off-licence . 
The head of the voting commission for northern Bosnia , for example , said the Serbs could keep only 20% of Bosnia . 
I could have stood at the window all afternoon , 
I could see the ancient cynicism reinforce itself in her eyes , and I wondered how many men she had picked up with this same gambit .
They remained as they were ; in some fashion they were communing , and I could sense from my vantage point the necessity that linked them . 
Long before his ordination Frere had been persuaded that the human heart was held in common and , therefore , a word truly spoken either way could touch and move it . 
Rhee issued a press statement raising publicly whether South Korea could rely on American assistance in the event of North Korean aggression .
Not regret her leaving Highbury for the sake of marrying a man whom I could never admit as an acquaintance of my own !
Fortunately for her , they had now reached the cottage , and the conversation could be continued no farther .
Leeson could be extradited to Singapore from Germany later this year to face criminal charges .
It was horrible to Emma to think how it must sink him in the general opinion , to foresee the smiles , the sneers , the merriment it would prompt at his expense ; the mortification and disdain of his brother , the thousand inconveniences to himself .-- Could it be ?-- No ; it was impossible .
Between these two , she could want no possible attendance by day or night .
3 : 1 Wherefore when we could no longer forbear , we thought it good to be left at Athens alone ; 3 : 2 And sent Timotheus , our brother , and minister of God , and our fellowlabourer in the gospel of Christ , to establish you , and to comfort you concerning your faith : 3 : 3 That no man should be moved by these afflictions : for yourselves know that we are appointed thereunto .
The idea shocked many people who were convinced that the only cause must be genetic , or chemical , or a virus , something they could put under a microscope . 
The hydrogen could accumulate during a launch and spark a serious explosion . 
Because they neither flattered herself nor her children , she could not believe them good - natured ; and because they were fond of reading , she fancied them satirical : perhaps without exactly knowing what it was to be satirical ; but THAT did not signify .
But to this their leader as fiercely objected , reserving that priority for himself ; particularly as his two comrades would not yield , the one to the other , in the matter ; and both of them could not be first , for the ladder would but admit one man at a time .
She left a portfolio of pretty drawings and good prints , for Miss Barbara ' s amusement ; but Miss Barbara ' s thoughts were so intent upon the harpers ' ball , that she could not be entertained with such TRIFLES .
At least they could talk without raising their voices . 
That the former are more likely to be relatively more powerful , wealthy , and privileged than the latter could be one of nature 's accidents . 
The lack of oxygen may cause occasional trouble with easily reduced substances and possibly give conditions where anaerobic corrosion could occur . 
I could hear Quigley give a sort of low whimper , but otherwise he said nothing . 
He tried to formulate ways of getting away from Cesar -- could he make a dash through the baggage hall , or jump out of the taxi ? -- but again his imagination stalled . 
Some able-bodied seamen , perhaps deciding that if they could n't have a night on the town , they 'd have the drinks they liked among people who talked in recognizable languages , were mixing with the Italians and French and their amiable women . 
While Donna lay in the bathtub , inaccurately bawling the bits she could remember of My Fair Lady , Alex dialled Matthew 's number , only to find that he had switched on his answering machine . 
Elinor could not help laughing .
In considering these ribs , I could not but be struck anew with the circumstance , so variously repeated in this book , that the skeleton of the whale is by no means the mould of his invested form .
His upper body felt curiously numb , but he could feel a burning pain deep within him when he breathed .
The men did not object to his sketching them while they went about their work , but no one could be persuaded to come to his studio to pose .
Before he could say anything , the telephone on the Grecian plinth nearest to the girl gave a muted double purr . 
That evening while I was strolling by the sea , I felt some small twinge of sadness that I could not possess such physical belongings . 
But they seemed to have reached that point where they could not sleep despite their tiredness . 
She won her place after impressing the charity with an essay about herself and how she could benefit others . 
15 : 1 Then said the LORD unto me , Though Moses and Samuel stood before me , yet my mind could not be toward this people : cast them out of my sight , and let them go forth .
I wish I could conjecture how soon I shall make this rivet quite firm .
There 's a listening service via the telephone to let parents eat with peace of mind , and nothing could surpass the service in the dining room . 
But what power of mind , Forseeing or presaging , from the depth Of knowledge past or present , could have feared How such united force of gods , how such As stood like these , could ever know repulse ?
" I never said he could wear it ," he answered .
It is hardly likely that this could have been true of the greatest of them , Whittington , because his father had died with his estate encumbered by an outlawry incurred in a plea of debt .
Andreotti added that he was glad the mob witnesses finally could be cross-examined in a public trial .
I was a bit upset after Wednesday and wanted to show that I could win on my merits . " 
Somewhere , distantly , he could hear the rush of sea , and the steady thump of the living earth , a strange , regular drum beat , that seemed to expand to fill his mind . 
Fabia got out , then found that before she could say a word , Ven was escorting her inside the hotel and waiting with her while she collected her room key . 
I realized that Hamlet was faced with an entirely different problem , but his agony could have been no greater .
But some of the headmasters have a deliberate multi-denominational policy in terms of ethos and curriculum and the schools do provide multi-denominational settings which , if researched , could throw light on debates about denominational and shared schools . 
37 : 4 And when his brethren saw that their father loved him more than all his brethren , they hated him , and could not speak peaceably unto him .
He could be no judge , however , of the evil he was holding cheap .
Retailers could get a boost this year from the calendar .
So long as abortion was a question for litigation , not legislation , Republicans could find political security in absolutism .
Mr . Knightley might quarrel with her , but Emma could not quarrel with herself .
Already she could visualise the lay-out -- ` The Other Side of Fashion " she 'd entitled it in her mind 's eye when she 'd discussed it with Nick .
Maybe if he could delay a little longer , Springfield would discover his sweep had failed to capture the ringleader and send men in to flush him out . 
I do n't have to be back at the office until next week -- we could have a couple of jaunts out and about . " 
Later she mastered Braille , learned to type and later took lessons from a teacher for the deaf so that she could go to school , then college and later spent her life lecturing all over the world .
First , because I ' m on the same side of the door as you are ; secondly , because they ' re making such a noise inside , no one could possibly hear you .'
Fifteen years ago , troubled by the rising tide of materialism in the post-war world , a businessman and a minister asked themselves if there might not be a place for a small magazine in which men and women , regardless of creed or color , could set forth boldly their religious convictions and bear witness to the power of faith to solve the endless problems of living .
What she could find to like in the Talbots , heaven knows .
Next , he helped organize a lecture series by experts in theology and canon law so that the laity could begin to understand how the Catholic Church works .
According to state law a slave had to be at least thirty years old before he could be freed .
They could all see the plane , two hundred metres away , and they could all hear the voice of the hijacker on the radio . 
He could have left for Weybosset Street after her murder and made it in plenty of time by using the streetcar .
Somehow she could not help but suspect that he would think it immoral to squeeze extra wages out of his stepfather , only to hoard them beneath the floorboards . 
She then began to speak of you , and of the great kindness you had shewn her during her illness ; and with a blush which shewed me how it was all connected , desired me , whenever I had an opportunity , to thank you -- I could not thank you too much -- for every wish and every endeavour to do her good .
Looking back , I can see how infantile my behaviour was -- but then I was flushed with success , convinced that nothing and no one could thwart me . "
He did not know what was come to his master lately , he said , but he could hardly ever get the speech of him .
When he stood up he could just see a fire engine as if on the high seas diving and heaving towards him .
2 Do you suppose I could be content with all if I thought them their own finale ?
Human nature was not a piece of meat you could tell was bad by its smell .
At other windows she could see tables with folded paper napkins and nickel plated cruets . 
Something fishy : you could easily get hooked on this lovely fish design by Hinchcliffe and Barber , part of a 19-piece set .
They could no longer pretend they were just hunter and hunted .
There was nothing he could do but walk .
Unwary buyers could find someone else laying claim to their property .
This is because unlike traditional patient information tools ( such as a brochure or a video where only a limited amount of preoperative information can be provided ) , a Web site could be structured to address the particular questions an individual patient might have .
It could , for example , refuse to hand a child back to a drunk parent but the child 's continued detention against parental wishes would have to be authorised by court order as soon as possible . 
It might be that certain people were born with a compulsion to complicate their lives , while others could live blissfully motionless almost indefinitely , like lizards in the sun , too indolent to blink their eyes .
If specific binding to PIP 2 ( and/or to some other phosphatidylinositide , such as PI4P ) is critical for Boi1 function , then how could fusion to a myristoyl group-accepting sequence ( i.e .
8 : 4 I saw the ram pushing westward , and northward , and southward ; so that no beasts might stand before him , neither was there any that could deliver out of his hand ; but he did according to his will , and became great .
Spalding 's stages could be criticised for being somewhat vacuous . 
Emma knew what was coming ; they must have the letter over again , and settle how long he had been gone , and how much he was engaged in company , and what a favourite he was wherever he went , and how full the Master of the Ceremonies ' ball had been ; and she went through it very well , with all the interest and all the commendation that could be requisite , and always putting forward to prevent Harriet ' s being obliged to say a word .
Would you , you could not compress him .
`` He told me to choose an area where just by being mediocre I could be great , '' recalls Mr. Schwartz , now 40 .
To consider it as the certain wish of every being who could hope to influence you !
In a total blockade , action could also be taken against ships bringing in chemicals , oils , textiles , and even foodstuffs .
Out of the corner of his eye , he could see his father's wheels beginning to turn .
27 : 43 But the centurion , willing to save Paul , kept them from their purpose ; and commanded that they which could swim should cast themselves first into the sea , and get to land : 27 : 44 And the rest , some on boards , and some on broken pieces of the ship .
She could hear the drone of the television from the sitting-room , the snores of her father-in-law , and her mother 's deliberate silence at the other end of the line . 
She could not speak the name , and look straight forward to Lady Russell ' s eye , till she had adopted the expedient of telling her briefly what she thought of the attachment between him and Louisa .
and she would snatch the finger-held half of the radish out to where she could inspect it .
However , it could provide ammunition for legal action which Ferranti intends to take against advisers and individuals in an attempt to recover some of the losses it has suffered .
I saw the word , and am curious to know how it could be so very entertaining to the one , and so very distressing to the other ."
" Yes , if I could I would choose both of you ," said Louisa , " but you know I can only choose which I like the best ."
Rousseau was aware that he must seem like a hypocrite , standing there and arguing that he could not possibly permit a public performance .
So , when he reached the Green Forest , he kept right on to the deepest , darkest , most lonesome part and crept under the thickest hemlock - tree he could find .
In it important elements of Christianity and of the Biblical view of reality in general , which now cause us much difficulty , could be responded to quite naturally and spontaneously .
I remembered a banker friend of my parents who was on trial for having raped his twelve-year-old niece ; Father had tut-tutted and said , ` I suppose he could not help himself . " 
Since emotional reactions in the higher vertebrates depend on individual experience and are aroused in man , in addition , by complex symbols , one would expect that the hypothalamus could be excited from the cortex .
Names are named , and we could at last see blood on the shelves .
Anne could only feel that Charles Hayter was wise .
-- Those were the words ; in them lay the tormenting ideas which Emma could not get rid of , and which constituted the real misery of the business to her .
Current IRAs could be rolled over into the new IRAs but would be subject to tax .
Third , it could threaten at all times , and destroy when possible , the enemy communications .
She was very pretty , and ever so strong ; she could run for miles through the woods and not get tired .
For at the extreme point nearest them stood up an odd - looking building , unlike anything they could remember or connect with any purpose .
Poets could hardly ignore what was happening around them , said Edna Longley , the doyenne of Northern Ireland critics , and Michael Longley 's wife .
I really could not help exclaiming !
First , it could locate the enemy infantry , learn what they were doing , and hold them until the heavy foot columns could come up and take over .
Because their fingers were laced together and she was still wearing Max 's wedding ring , this was somewhat painful , but she knew that there could be no pleasure without pain . 
There was so much of friendliness , and of flattery , and of everything most bewitching in his reception there ; the old were so hospitable , the young so agreeable , that he could not but resolve to remain where he was , and take all the charms and perfections of Edward ' s wife upon credit a little longer .
" There are several ways in which the subject could be approached ," said Syme reflectively , " and the word introduced without appearing forced .
And now she could see the puzzlement on everyone 's face . 
She was n't at all sure she could cope with him and a band of strangers , all the way to Titan , through the depths of hyperspace where there 's no escape from your companions .
Philip played as loud as he could , that she might not hear , till the proper moment , the bleating of the lamb .
Research published by Friends of the Earth suggests that rising sea levels could make severe flooding a frequent occurrence along the south and east coast of Britain in the next century . 
He had said the worst thing that could be said ; and it seemed accepted and ignored like the ordinary second best of the politicians .
A big pie was not something that could be made in a field and cooked on a bonfire , it would require skill and expertise in the use of large ovens and these were available as they were used by the local manufacturers of earthenware pipes :
Congress could examine , for example , the degree to which agencies are building the elements of successful management improvement initiatives that we have discussed today into their respective management reform efforts .
It is one of my proudest boasts that I have never thought about insurance and I am convinced that , even under torture , I could resist the temptation . 
After shuttering the DOE , Clinton could depict himself as a crusader against waste and bureaucracy who succeeded where even Reagan failed .
Basing action on the empirical determination of cause and effect provides a toughness and bravado that no powerful otherworldly ancestor could ever impart -- plus the added liberation from the constraint of silent burial urns .
While the Scuds fell short of Lampedusa , they clearly illustrate how Qadhafi could use longer-range ballistic missiles to target NATO and Western interests in Europe and the Middle East .
When the hare belittled the tortoise for his slow ways , the tortoise responded that he could nevertheless win a race between them . 
I felt rather miserable , but at least I could walk about now , in a two-metre circle .
Kern began reading a lot about the history and philosophy of Communism , but never felt there was anything he , as an individual , could do about it .
A compromise solution , it was secured largely thanks to unashamed procedural bullying by Mikhail Gorbachev , who warned that only unequivocal , draconian measures could avert a slide into economic chaos .
Nosebleed could be stopped by wrapping a red woolen string about the patient's neck and tying it in a knot for each year of his life .
The future depended on decisions I could not possibly predict , but at least I had now been offered a shadow of a lifeline , and that , for the moment , would have to do .
Speaking more generally , I suppose that I could sum up the Prime Minister 's speech -- without rancour -- as timid , devoid of national purpose and lacking in inspiration .
The skipper of the Lady Hamilton also had to cope with a bird 's nest on his reel halfway through the fight and had to strip off yards of line before he could resume the battle . 
ingrate , he had of me All he could have ; I made him just and right , Sufficient to have stood , though free to fall .
He could imagine that she might be interested in its money-making propensity at the end of the year . 
The Labour administration started its microprocessor awareness programme in 1978 , as an effort to tell people in industry how computers could produce greater efficiency . 
` I thought we could run up the river as far as Richmond or Kew , " he said , changing the subject abruptly . 
It uttered a doglike howl , then raced past Tallis , moving so fast on its hind legs , bent forward , that she could hardly follow its motion . 
` Some stoutly affirmed that as Head of the Church of England he could not marry a divorced woman . 
) She snarled terribly but intuition told him , again , that she was bluffing , and he could see that half her attention was distracted by the dogs .
`` It turned out we could n't sell it , '' a Canadian Pacific official said , adding that acquiring the remainder of Soo Line is now `` the best way to rationalize operations . ''
When these chores were finished , only then , was she allowed whatever freedom she could find .
Secondly , nobody could any longer advance the belief that sheer production -- the worship of the Gross National Product -- was the final test of a society 's economic vigour and success .
Turnbull , whose powers of surprise were exhausted , rolled his round grey eyes and said , " Mr . Wilkinson , I think ," because he could not think of anything else to say .
Yet she found strength to run towards the barn , snatching up the first saddle she could find , and choosing the nearest horse .
Over by the door of the church I could see Meriel Viney , wearing a kind of white sack and a pair of what looked like tennis shoes .
I know our dialogue is over , but I still wish I could ask you where you 're going next and which of these guides you would bring along .
Elinor , who did justice to Mrs . Jennings ' s kindness , though its effusions were often distressing , and sometimes almost ridiculous , made her those acknowledgments , and returned her those civilities , which her sister could not make or return for herself .
That will enable officials to discuss with the Commission the way in which the fund could operate in the future . 
But the Scottish Office remained unsure how the board could proceed without the use of juniors , and asked how it could continue once the exemption ended . 
And it is so cheerful a place , that it could not fail of being of use to Mr . Woodhouse ' s spirits , which , I understand , are sometimes much depressed .
From where she stood , she could see the road and the front of the house next door . 
This was the worst thing I could have said .
If only state funds were used to pay for the vocational education , it could be argued that the state should not have to bear the cost of vocational training which would benefit employers in other states .
Her first communication had reached no farther than to state the fact of the engagement , and the length of time it had existed .-- Marianne ' s feelings had then broken in , and put an end to all regularity of detail ; and for some time all that could be done was to soothe her distress , lessen her alarms , and combat her resentment .
It fears that the deal is being used as a cover for the transfer of more sensitive nuclear technology to Iran and to provide training for Iranian nuclear specialists that could be used to support a nuclear weapons program .
He could see the longer teeth at the sides of her mouth and the folds of wet black skin that at any moment would draw back in a threatening snarl . 
It was absurd to imagine that a modern city could still evoke that kind of magic ! 
Hitherto it had never been found by the most exacting inquiry which could --"
As one would surmise , the procedure , however , could be repeated with the same object or with the same type of object often enough , so that the corresponding visual blots and the merest beginning of the tracing movement would provide clues as to the actual shape , which the patient then immediately could determine by a kind of inference .
As you probably noticed , my wife is currently on vacation without me -— which is different than a vacation from me , although given how frequently insufferable I am , I could understand the appeal of such—in the le Marche region of Italy , which is immediately south of Tuscany and full of communists .
On Monday , the United States warned India that New Delhi could be the target of a guerrilla attack and advised American citizens to avoid visiting the capital .
We never could agree in our choice of a profession .
I suppose we could not extend it from the fingers to the toes ?
I could rather believe every creature of my acquaintance leagued together to ruin me in his opinion , than believe his nature capable of such cruelty .
Only the very rich could afford to get hold of the real product , bottled and matured in the region itself .
Church bells sounded across the city and as they crossed the road they could see two brightly painted barges chugging away up the canal beneath the overhanging willows . 
They were obliged to give up the land ; and now they have furnished a little shop in this town with what goods they could afford to buy with the money they got by the sale of their cattle and stock .
How could it have been thirty years already , she wondered ? ?
Before he could get to the specimen , its entrails had decomposed so badly that they had to be thrown away , so it was a gutted specimen that he eventually saw . 
Fred understood Sukie 's vengeful ruse , and most people could have guessed it if they had cared to , which they did n't . 
She left the fair as soon as she could ; and though she struggled against it , she felt very melancholy .
Then , before I could collect my scattered senses , he added equally quietly , but with an air of regularizing things : " My friend here is Doctor Mull , the Duke ' s librarian .
all places else Inhospitable appear , and desolate ; Nor knowing us , nor known : And , if by prayer Incessant I could hope to change the will Of Him who all things can , I would not cease To weary him with my assiduous cries : But prayer against his absolute decree No more avails than breath against the wind , Blown stifling back on him that breathes it forth : Therefore to his great bidding I submit .
They could have been perfectly happy here for ten whole days .
`` Or I could visit Lucille Warren '' .
But , my dear Bursal , what could put that into your head ?
The Major decided that , rather than be led , the slugger could lead .
To amuse her , and be agreeable in her eyes , seemed all that he cared for -- and Emma , glad to be enlivened , not sorry to be flattered , was gay and easy too , and gave him all the friendly encouragement , the admission to be gallant , which she had ever given in the first and most animating period of their acquaintance ; but which now , in her own estimation , meant nothing , though in the judgment of most people looking on it must have had such an appearance as no English word but flirtation could very well describe .
He could reproach her with it .
He thought he could smell dope ; grass or resin fumes . 
` And now , if we could get back to the point , I believe you were about to explain to me about this proposition of yours ? " 
David Westin , the top choice to replace the legendary Roone Arledge as head of ABC News , thinks 10 p.m. news could draw an audience two or three times larger than the early-evening news currently draws .
She could feel Sergio 's eyes on her , thoughtful , concerned , insisting on an answer . 
Many believed Japanese territory alone could not sustain the rapidly growing population , and the economic pressures for emigration , mainly to Manchuria , Brazil and the US , were considerable . 
` Gerald , " he began slowly , ` if there were something fishy , and I were to tell you , could I trust your discretion ? "
The March Hare took the watch and looked at it gloomily : then he dipped it into his cup of tea , and looked at it again : but he could think of nothing better to say than his first remark , ' It was the BEST butter , you know .'
To all this I joyously assented ; for besides the affection I now felt for Queequeg , he was an experienced harpooneer , and as such , could not fail to be of great usefulness to one , who , like me , was wholly ignorant of the mysteries of whaling , though well acquainted with the sea , as known to merchant seamen .
` My grandfather could probably have taken you unerringly to the chapter and verse which said exactly that , " she averred . 
There was brush , and stands of pine that no grass could grow under , and places so steep that cattle wouldn't stop to graze .
But aside from everything else , it would scarcely be pleasant to have dealings with one who was nominally an underling and actually held -- you could say -- the whip hand .
So sorry you could n't schmooze your way into our fabbo album launch shindig , dear reader ( see pages 28 and 29 for celeb-filled fun ) , but hey ! 
He usually went by the name of POOR LOVEIT , and everybody pitied him when he got into disgrace , which he frequently did , for though he had a good disposition , he was led to do things which he knew to be wrong merely because he could never have the courage to say " NO ," because he was afraid to offend the ill - natured , and could not bear to be laughed at by fools .
To her dismay , her body was reacting to the sensual word pictures Vitor had created and she could feel herself becoming aroused . 
She was afterwards looking for her shawl -- Frank Churchill was looking also -- it was growing dusk , and the room was in confusion ; and how they parted , Mr . Knightley could not tell .
Few women could think more of their personal appearance than he did , nor could the valet of any new made lord be more delighted with the place he held in society .
Considering the very particular friendship between her and Mrs . Dixon , you could hardly have expected her to be excused from accompanying Colonel and Mrs .
Nevertheless , U. S. intelligence and military officials said , the surge has yet to produce a single lead on Bin Laden 's or Zawahiri 's location that could be substantiated .
Here he would have free expression because the material could be moved to distort forms .
She could not even thank him .
He could see the bridge now , its stones gleaming silver and the hart 's tongue ferns between them like shivering slivers of metal . 
A spokesman for the Department of Transport said both routes proposed by the NGC ran close to the A19 and could interfere with improvement plans for the Norton Parkway section of road . 
He heard Chatterer the Red Squirrel scolding as fast as he could make his tongue go and working himself into a terrible rage .
The attorney could not persuade himself to believe that his benevolence was anything but enlightened cunning , and his plain dealing he one minute dreaded as the masterpiece of art , and the next despised as the characteristic of folly .
He concludes that they could not , on the basis of two connected arguments .
I was fully clothed , how come I could feel the warmth through my sweater ? 
Never could Starbuck forget the old man ' s aspect , when one night going down into the cabin to mark how the barometer stood , he saw him with closed eyes sitting straight in his floor - screwed chair ; the rain and half - melted sleet of the storm from which he had some time before emerged , still slowly dripping from the unremoved hat and coat .
Could you assist me in identifying the Video chip on my computer as I am a little confused .
He could only guess by how much Medmelton had inflated the significance of his presence , but it appeared to have been enough to drive everything else from the communal mind . 
The principal adviser said that any factual errors would be put right as a matter of course and if there was a professional disagreement they could perhaps discuss how to change the wording of the report . 
GRAEME SOUNESS knows full well what Liverpool 's elimination from the European Cup Winners ' Cup this week could mean for him . 
He hadn ' t known that Buster could climb .
` It 's not terribly easy to go away with that sort of thing ringing in your ears , but for all that I could n't have chosen a more marvellous or rewarding life . " 
Then he hid near by , where he could watch .
He was still wearing the Russian tunic , but they kept the sheet over his legs so I could n't see if they 'd taken off the bear-like trousers . 
A delegation of ten Nonconformist ministers even visited the bishops in the Tower on 10 June , saying " they could not but adhear to them as men constant in the Protestant faith " .
This was astonishing !-- She could not have believed it possible that the taste or the pride of Miss Fairfax could endure such society and friendship as the Vicarage had to offer .
Soft music flooded through her helmet , and if she ignored the sensation of movement , she could almost pretend she was sitting at home … almost . 
Repeatedly in her work she offers examples of marriages which could bring a woman some kind of satisfaction .
The fire - engine had struck still farther to the north , into a region that they did not recognise ; and as it ran by a line of high railings shadowed with trees , the six friends were startled , but somewhat relieved , to see the President leap from the fire - engine , though whether through another whim or the increasing protest of his entertainers they could not see .
` You could sleep in the spare bedroom . " 
A few years before , Anne Elliot had been a very pretty girl , but her bloom had vanished early ; and as even in its height , her father had found little to admire in her , ( so totally different were her delicate features and mild dark eyes from his own ), there could be nothing in them , now that she was faded and thin , to excite his esteem .
The resemblance could be particularly close if breeders were installing some trait that allowed the crop to thrive in a new habitat , or one that shielded it from parasites or diseases .
There might be footholds down that awful facade , if only he could not care whether they were footholds or no .
The first month after their marriage was spent with their friend at the Mansion - house ; from whence they could superintend the progress of the Parsonage , and direct every thing as they liked on the spot ;-- could chuse papers , project shrubberies , and invent a sweep .
She should have left Rome as she 'd planned , she should never have looked into her heart and discovered a truth that could destroy her .
Helping the balance of payments could weigh more heavily on the scales of decision-making than this country 's reputation as the universal nuclear rubbish bin . 
Hopkins had sold the gold coins , and some of the others ; and he flattered himself that the children , and the young ladies , to whom he now found they had been shown , could not tell whether what they had seen were gold or not , and he was not in the least apprehensive that those of Henry the Seventh ' s reign should be reclaimed from him as he thought they had escaped attention .
she developed a peaches and cream complexion and a sunny disposition , and she asked for nothing more of life than that she be kept dry and comfortable and fed huge amounts of food at stated intervals and be carried to where she could watch activity going on around her .
One Victorian explorer reported that he could catch these cats and tether them near his food stores to keep the rats down . 
`` You could see massive gyrations here because it 's such a thinly traded market , '' says Jonathan S. Paris , a vice president of European Investors Inc. , a New York investment-management firm .
So Frode sent for all the wise men of the land and bade them examine the stones and tell him of what use they were , since no one could grind with them .
and she walked easily now , and more slowly , until she could see the dark glisten of water beneath her .
Her assailants had covered her face and pinched her nose so that she could not breathe . 
6 : 1 On that night could not the king sleep , and he commanded to bring the book of records of the chronicles ; and they were read before the king .
She had ventured once alone to Randalls , but it was not pleasant ; and a Harriet Smith , therefore , one whom she could summon at any time to a walk , would be a valuable addition to her privileges .
Emma could not forgive her .
The realization bit into Harry 's confidence that he could outwit such a man : who was he really fooling ? 
I went for only one night , and could not get away till that very day se ' nnight ."
Anna had no need to be besought , for she had done a quick sum on the back of her child benefit book , and had worked out that , if Flora could start at St Saviour 's in the summer term , she would have earned enough to put down at least £100 towards the first term 's fees . 
Its aim , outlined at its first meeting on 17 December 1940 , was ` to agree on the Railway Shops and how much reserve capacity could be allowed to the various Supply Departments . "
But in the interim -- in the interim of the very few hours that were to pass , before I could have an opportunity of speaking with her in private -- a circumstance occurred -- an unlucky circumstance , to ruin all my resolution , and with it all my comfort .
For some reason she could only move with nightmarish sluggishness , while everyone around her tore past with dizzying speed .
There is also a difficulty in conceiving that the observed complexities of animals and plants could have arisen in this way . 
Where , in the bottomless deeps , could he find the torn limbs of his brother ?
And obeying his own order , he dashed the helm down before the helmsman could handle the spokes .
I tried to start the engine but the airman on the starter battery trailer had fled so I could not do a thing except huddle in the cockpit , waiting for the sensation of being hit . 
There , a user could read a copy of a proposed rule in Microsoft Word , click on a link for DOT 's docket management system , and then access that system 's electronic commenting process .
" If she has so many , and if we like to have so many , to be sure she will ," said Paul , " but I think we should not like to have two hundred and fifty - two dozen of plums ; we could not eat such a number ."
She got very worried when he could n't even lift his head . 
As Mr Shepherd perceived that this connexion of the Crofts did them no service with Sir Walter , he mentioned it no more ; returning , with all his zeal , to dwell on the circumstances more indisputably in their favour ; their age , and number , and fortune ; the high idea they had formed of Kellynch Hall , and extreme solicitude for the advantage of renting it ; making it appear as if they ranked nothing beyond the happiness of being the tenants of Sir Walter Elliot : an extraordinary taste , certainly , could they have been supposed in the secret of Sir Walter ' s estimate of the dues of a tenant .
Always the message was the same : ` Child , I could set fire to green grass , but it would not burn . "
On a sunny wall I grew tomatoes and found that they need n't be , after all , red bags of tasteless liquid but firm and sweet and tasting of -- I could just remember it -- tomatoes . 
It came as some surprise to the board when they were informed that , although it seemed unreasonable for them to have to know what was going on , they could be made liable for the damage . 
It was so dark , that their forms could scarcely be discerned .
Mr. Briggs , on vacation after resigning his position at the National Security Council , could n't be reached for comment .
Although he did not attend any celebrated schools or universities , he was a master of Greek and Hebrew and could read the Bible in the original .
Jaq wished that he himself could slumber . 
This and other fears of the solar system have disappeared gradually , first , with the Ptolemaic system and its built-in concept of periodicity and then , more firmly , with the Newtonian innovation of an universal force that could account quantitatively for both terrestial and celestial motions .
Following observation of the fact that the reaction rates of supposedly identical reaction mixtures prepared on the same filling manifold and exposed under identical conditions often differed by several hundred per cent , a systematic series of experiments was undertaken to see whether the difficulty could be ascribed to the method of preparing the chlorine , to the effects of oxygen or moisture or to the effect of surface to volume ratio in the reaction tubes .
We found the brêche , from which we knew a steep couloir dropped to the Talefre Glacier , and started abseiling from such old slings and pegs as we could find on the sidewalls . 
It is worse ; for you cannot sit motionless in the heart of these perils , because the boat is rocking like a cradle , and you are pitched one way and the other , without the slightest warning ; and only by a certain self - adjusting buoyancy and simultaneousness of volition and action , can you escape being made a Mazeppa of , and run away with where the all - seeing sun himself could never pierce you out .
When they went there , they found the room in which the children lived as clean and neat as such a ruined place could be made .
If prayers Could alter high decrees , I to that place Would speed before thee , and be louder heard , That on my head all might be visited ; Thy frailty and infirmer sex forgiven , To me committed , and by me exposed .
Later that same month he forwarded a copy of a declaration in favour of arbitration signed by Nonconformist ministers so that the Foreign Secretary could approve the wording before it was sent . 
Elinor answered in some distress that she was , and then talked of head - aches , low spirits , and over fatigues ; and of every thing to which she could decently attribute her sister ' s behaviour .
For ten minutes she could hear nothing but herself .
Tying her lead rope so tightly she could n't move her head , Luke had climbed up and approached her from above . 
` I bet my friend , who commands the 4th Battalion of the Presidential Guard , that he could deploy 50 men and that none of them would lay hands on you . 
Maria stilled her wilful brain and stepped round them so that she could see their faces . 
An ' ' fore ould Fox could think She lept right out -- she did , An ' thin picked up a great big shtone , An ' popped it in instid .
Why she did not like Jane Fairfax might be a difficult question to answer ; Mr . Knightley had once told her it was because she saw in her the really accomplished young woman , which she wanted to be thought herself ; and though the accusation had been eagerly refuted at the time , there were moments of self - examination in which her conscience could not quite acquit her .
I also admired the way he could peel an apple with the skin in one piece , coiled like a spring . 
She saw that Enscombe could not satisfy , and that Highbury , taken at its best , might reasonably please a young man who had more retirement at home than he liked .
From that moment , Emma could have taken her oath that Mr . Knightley had had no concern in giving the instrument .
Stirling reasoned that if the Germans did continue their attack and captured Cairo , the whole unit could retreat south from its desert base , thus avoiding capture . 
` I could not fault the way in which the port authority conducted their responsibilities . 
And the reason this could happen is clear : men of government , business men , lawyers and all who concerned themselves with the welfare of their fellow men did not let their concern to run their businesses at a profit restrict the development of freedom and opportunity .
He seemed really anxious to accommodate them and the whole of his letter was written in so friendly a style as could not fail of giving pleasure to his cousin ; more especially at a moment when she was suffering under the cold and unfeeling behaviour of her nearer connections .
This time there could be NO mistake about it : it was neither more nor less than a pig , and she felt that it would be quite absurd for her to carry it further .
In short , he plainly hinted that we could not possibly do better than try pot - luck at the Try Pots .
`` No , I remembered reading about you in the papers and that you lived here , and when it happened all I could think of was '' -- This time she stopped the rush of words herself .
Julia could not take her eyes off the beautiful mare . 
Not a step would he budge for all the coaxing and scolding and beating his rider could give .
Reliability problems could arise as large amounts of capacity are taken out of service for extended periods of time to install the control equipment necessary to meet the emissions reduction requirements .
Da-da-da-dum Music could not be Eugene's passion .
IF he had been running a 100 metre sprint final , little Louis Stevens could n't have scampered any faster yesterday . 
She could then either wait for the ferry , which was sporadic , or go back up to the head of the estuary and up to where the river was narrow enough for a bridge . 
Besides , if Maidstone could predict so accurately when Elsie would appear then it would be a simple matter to find her again -- perhaps at the same time tomorrow . 
He could live happily among poor working people on his holidays , but found immense pleasure in staying in a French house so grand that a servant squeezed the tubes of toothpaste between applications . 
She could get it all into her mouth , although the thick , blunt tip felt like a wedge in her throat .
He decided to be nice about the whole business , though he still could not see the point of it , and offered to put the little biscuity things into bowls . 
His aunt could not bear to have him leave her .
Already unnerved by the fighting , Chalon lashed out , catching the soldier a glancing blow before the man could roll free of the deadly , flashing hoofs . 
What a television picture could not show was how these participants were breathing life into the process of rebuilding Lower Manhattan .
He could see the stone building where he lived .
If the current pace of repurchases is sustained , more than $10 billion of bonds could vanish this year . 
32 I think I could turn and live with animals , they are so placid and self - contain ' d , I stand and look at them long and long .
I could immediately guess why she was not too keen to stay .
My father certainly could mean nothing more by his request to me than what you say .
This found that girls who had felt isolated and embarrassed about being pregnant or having babies felt less stigma about this after they had attended the units and could take a much more realistic view of their situation . 
The introduction must be unpleasant , whenever it takes place ; and the sooner it could be over , the better ."
Morrissey could n't understand why people ( men in particular ) were terribly afraid of emotionalism . 
Red man or white man , pacifist or killer , the forest would accept them all -- knowing that it could thrive equally well on slaughter and beneficence ; ;
As the lights came up , Andy could see that a number of patrons were already on their way toward the exit .
She had learnt that wickedness exists , even where there is beauty , and now she could hardly bear to look down into the Vale . 
She must talk to Lady Russell , tell her , consult with her , and having done her best , wait the event with as much composure as possible ; and after all , her greatest want of composure would be in that quarter of the mind which could not be opened to Lady Russell ; in that flow of anxieties and fears which must be all to herself .
All which infinitely diverted Mrs . Tattle , who , when she could stop herself from laughing , declared " It made her sigh , too , to think of the life poor Mrs . Carbuncle led with that man , and all for nothing , too ; for her jointure was nothing , next to nothing , though a great thing , to be sure , her friends thought for her , when she was only Sally Ridgeway before she was married .
She might despise him for the methods he used in business , but the fact remained that she loved him , and if there was anything she could do to protect him she would do it . 
And , so full of his thought was Ahab , that at every uniform turn that he made , now at the main - mast and now at the binnacle , you could almost see that thought turn in him as he turned , and pace in him as he paced ; so completely possessing him , indeed , that it all but seemed the inward mould of every outer movement .
Among many other fine qualities , my royal friend Tranquo , being gifted with a devout love for all matters of barbaric vertu , had brought together in Pupella whatever rare things the more ingenious of his people could invent ; chiefly carved woods of wonderful devices , chiselled shells , inlaid spears , costly paddles , aromatic canoes ; and all these distributed among whatever natural wonders , the wonder - freighted , tribute - rendering waves had cast upon his shores .
and he could tell , simply by the feel of it , whether it was made of wood , iron , cloth , rubber , and so on .
He became very depressed for some time before he could reassess himself , start to use his considerable abilities and begin courting his wife again . 
Serious fault might be found with the anatomical details of this whale , but let that pass ; since , for the life of me , I could not draw so good a one .
Alice crouched down among the trees as well as she could , for her neck kept getting entangled among the branches , and every now and then she had to stop and untwist it .
Just faintly she could hear the sound of the river , and she opened the window and leant out until she could glimpse it through the trees , the water still shrouded in clouds of early-morning mist .
She could say nothing .
While many described it as another in a series of episodes of sectarian violence , Alexandria 's governor said Al Qaeda could be behind the bombing .
However , Mr. Dillow said he believes that a reduction in raw material stockbuilding by industry could lead to a sharp drop in imports .
Ben Prime extended his high-stepped stride until he could lay his goad across the noses of the oxen .
What she knew of him , he could only guess at . 
Could she have chosen with whom to associate , she would not have chosen her .
There are no easy choices in Cambodia , but we ca n't imagine that it benefits the U.S. to become the catalyst for an all-too-familiar process that could end in another round of horror in Cambodia .
But Mr. Steidtmann predicts that healthy stores hawking mostly apparel could ring up gains of as much as 25 % to 30 % .
I knew that I could achieve results despite the difficulties , and I knew that I had been able to demonstrate the ability to work with people of other countries .
MacIan could not rid himself of the fancy of bestriding a steed ; the long , grey coping of the wall shot out in front of him , like the long , grey neck of some nightmare Rosinante .
Whether feedback of these particular errors could improve risk estimation has not been examined .
At the same time , there was a rapidly expanding population , so house-builders constructed many small houses as cheaply and as quickly as they could ( without proper foundations ) . 
Further , it implies that the kingfisher need not be able to articulate the image of the stickleback into independently recognized component parts : it could perceive a fish without being able to perceive a fin . 
And there is not a person at the Wells , I ' ll venture to say , could be of more advantage to your sister Sophy , in the way of partners , when she comes to go the balls , which it ' s to be supposed she will , some time or other ; and as you are so good a brother , that ' s a thing to be looked to , you know .
; but he told exactly the truth ; and though Gilbert scolded him for being so impatient as not to wait , yet his telling the truth was more to the boy ' s advantage than any excuse he could have made .
You probably could n't say the same for Howard Kendall -- the Everton manager tried in vain to sign the big fellow from Luton earlier in the season . 
She was amazed at herself , scandalised , but at the same time could admire the absolutely impromptu fluency of her wicked vicious ill-intentioned lying to Jack . 
And not all that could be urged to detain her succeeded .
His father was an ale - house keeper , and being generally drunk , could take no care of his son ; so that Lazy Lawrence grew every day worse and worse .
` There was no-one in the car and cattle had churned the ground so much that we could not with certainty detect footprints in the vicinity of the car 's entry into the water .
Mr . Knightley soon saw that he had lost his moment , and that not another syllable of communication could rest with him .
` Girls at school used to say their Professor could fix anything . 
NBC 's options could range from news-oriented programming to sports shows , although the network declined to comment .
She was very feverish and had a bad sore throat : Mrs . Goddard was full of care and affection , Mr . Perry was talked of , and Harriet herself was too ill and low to resist the authority which excluded her from this delightful engagement , though she could not speak of her loss without many tears .
I picked him up , and the length of him arched very carefully and gracefully and only a little wildly , and I could feel the coolness of that radiant , fire-colored body , like splendid ice , and I knew that he had eaten only recently because there were two whole and solid little lumps in the forepart of him , like fieldmice swallowed whole might make .
She could now answer as she ought ; and was happy to feel , when Mrs Croft ' s next words explained it to be Mr Wentworth of whom she spoke , that she had said nothing which might not do for either brother .
It was a cracker of a game , and if the BLI selectors can sort out their front end problems -- especially their leads -- they could well produce a title winning quartet .
But the added power of the boat did not equal the added power of the whale , for he seemed to have treble - banked his every fin ; swimming with a velocity which plainly showed , that if now , under these circumstances , pushed on , the chase would prove an indefinitely prolonged , if not a hopeless one ; nor could any crew endure for so long a period , such an unintermitted , intense straining at the oar ; a thing barely tolerable only in some one brief vicissitude .
but rather that they could be diminished sufficiently not to interfere with arm-levitation .
I could n't wait for the pictures to come out , I was so excited to see them . 
Sunderland could virtually clinch safety at Brighton on Saturday , but Middlesbrough could face final-day drama at Wolves after losing the initiative to Leicester City in the battle for second spot . 
Or Bonanza could have figured she was better out of the way .
When Kawasaki began operations in their US plant at Nebraska they found it preferable to import components from their subcontractors back in Japan who could even at that distance , guarantee weekly deliveries .
Till this year , every long vacation since their marriage had been divided between Hartfield and Donwell Abbey ; but all the holidays of this autumn had been given to sea - bathing for the children , and it was therefore many months since they had been seen in a regular way by their Surry connexions , or seen at all by Mr . Woodhouse , who could not be induced to get so far as London , even for poor Isabella ' s sake ; and who consequently was now most nervously and apprehensively happy in forestalling this too short visit .
We have the technology today with which to build aircraft shelters which could withstand at least 200 Aj .
But " she could never get acquainted with her : she did not know how it was , but there was such coldness and reserve -- such apparent indifference whether she pleased or not -- and then , her aunt was such an eternal talker !-- and she was made such a fuss with by every body !-- and it had been always imagined that they were to be so intimate -- because their ages were the same , every body had supposed they must be so fond of each other ."
In assigning to God the responsibility which he learned could not rest with his doctors , Eisenhower gave evidence of that weakening of the moral intuition which was to characterize his administration in the years to follow .
The night after Sandy won he was in the marquee that was holding his celebration dinner , with his apron on cleaning up and wishing everybody would go so he could get some peace and quiet . 
The Providence Daily Post's editor wrote that he could not believe that a meeting honoring Brown was to be held in Providence .
Could you possibly have lunch with him today ? ?
He still could n't resist her , even if he might be too honourable to sleep with her . 
It is appalling to think that the prices of basics like meat and butter could double . 
She could not respect his eye , but his love and his complaisance were unexceptionable .
He fixed his stare on a shelduck whose white and brown plumage he could easily see . 
Poor Marianne , languid and low from the nature of her malady , and feeling herself universally ill , could no longer hope that tomorrow would find her recovered ; and the idea of what tomorrow would have produced , but for this unlucky illness , made every ailment severe ; for on that day they were to have begun their journey home ; and , attended the whole way by a servant of Mrs . Jennings , were to have taken their mother by surprise on the following forenoon .
For , ` He could , if he had one in stock for your make of car , " he replied . 
Frank Churchill ' s character was not desperate .-- She was his own Emma , by hand and word , when they returned into the house ; and if he could have thought of Frank Churchill then , he might have deemed him a very good sort of fellow .
At 11:15 , Secretary Rumsfeld spoke to the President and told him DOD was working on refining the rules of engagement so pilots would have a better understanding of the circumstances under which an aircraft could be shot down .
I took the dinghy as far as we could go , right up near to the lock gates .
He was as fond of play as any little boy could be ; and when he was at it he played with all the eagerness and gaiety imaginable ; so as soon as he had finished his task , fed Lightfoot , and put by the sixpence he had earned that day , he ran to the playground in the village , where he found a party of boys playing , and amongst them Lazy Lawrence , who indeed was not playing , but lounging upon a gate , with his thumb in his mouth .
By 1913 , Ferdinand Lot could begin an article subtitled `` La Conquete De La Grande-Bretagne par Les Saxons '' with the words , `` Il est difficile aujourd'hui d'entretenir des illusions sur la valeur du recit traditionnel de la conquete de la Grande-Bretagne .
So Moely turned , and swam back to the shore as quickly as he could . 
Given all of North Korea 's artillery along on the DMZ , it has been estimated that the KPA could fire over 5 million artillery shells per hour .
The new argument over the notification guideline , however , could sour any atmosphere of cooperation that existed .
Still he would have set them the example of industry , and he would have been one of the parents whom they could respect .
Japanese air-conditioner maker Daikin Industries Ltd. was fined two million yen -LRB- $ 14,000 -RRB- for exporting to the Soviet Union a chemical solution that could be used in missile-guidance systems .
She helped all she could with the housework , but nothing could really help the tired mother except money ; she needed money for food and clothes , and someone grown up , to help in the house .
But I can ' t see how on earth he could know that Hawker had got it , unless Hawker signalled to him or his representative across the shore ."
With just the hydrogen of our bodies , we could run the world for years .
Rosemary apparently has to cope with her husband 's anxiety that she could only be cured by becoming more ` assertive " . 
The immediate objective was to find a safe location-not too far away-where the President could land and speak to the American people .
If Woodruff could not furnish a strong explanation , the governor insisted that he lower his prices in accord with the scale printed in The Advocate .
In the distance she could see a bus winding along the narrow lanes . 
When you read these I that was visible am become invisible , Now it is you , compact , visible , realizing my poems , seeking me , Fancying how happy you were if I could be with you and become your comrade ; Be it as if I were with you .
Geely grunted and slid partly out , and Shayne's left arm snaked in around his neck to help him , while he set himself solidly on the roadway and swung his right fist to the big , gum-chewing jaw before Geely could straighten up .
It was a personality choice , and responsibility could n't be avoided by saying they were like turnips . 
Her cuff was still undone , and the tourniquet had made her hand and lower arm into white marble , but Anne could see no new puncture . 
A youth aged twelve-fourteen could work a frame with three months experience and could become proficient within six months . 
" Over his shoulder I could see the light above the lift doors flick on No. 4 . 
From Harriet ' s happening not to be at Hartfield , and her father ' s being present to engage Mr . Elton , she had a quarter of an hour of the lady ' s conversation to herself , and could composedly attend to her ; and the quarter of an hour quite convinced her that Mrs . Elton was a vain woman , extremely well satisfied with herself , and thinking much of her own importance ; that she meant to shine and be very superior , but with manners which had been formed in a bad school , pert and familiar ; that all her notions were drawn from one set of people , and one style of living ; that if not foolish she was ignorant , and that her society would certainly do Mr . Elton no good .
The protest floated at the back of her numbed mind : how could she have the heart to deal such a blow only to satisfy her own thirst for scandal ? 
Could Elinor have listened to her without interruption from the others , she would have described every room in the house with equal delight .
For the uncommitted public , however , there were two effects of startling importance : sexual frankness took an immense leap forward and the image of women could be said to have been changed for ever . 
The only metaphor he could think of was this , that they all looked as men of fashion and presence would look , with the additional twist given in a false and curved mirror .
The titles he could read easily through the criss-crossed wires : works on theology , astral physics , history , biology , political science .
Fascinating data could be found in yesterday 's reports of showbiz personalities , glitterati , sports stars , writers and miscellaneously famous people lining up and simpering in support of either Mr Kinnock or Mr Major at the weekend . 
OMB determined that this rule was an economically significant regulatory action under Executive Order 12866 because it could result in an annual effect on the economy of $100 million or more .
`` Emory could not continue to operate according to its present standards as an institution of higher learning , of true university grade , and meet its financial obligations , without the tax-exemption privileges which are available to it only so long as it conforms to the aforementioned constitutional and statutory provisions '' , the statement said .
And then , her reserve -- I never could attach myself to any one so completely reserved ."
With Virginia Dysart as either his ally or his dupe , only sheer desperation could have made him offer bribes to the likes of Nadine Cunningham . 
Who made you , whose fathers could not splutter English while they walked in Whitehall , who made you the judge between the republic of Sidney and the monarchy of Montrose ?
They all three called in Rivers Street for a couple of minutes ; but Anne convinced herself that a day ' s delay of the intended communication could be of no consequence , and hastened forward to the White Hart , to see again the friends and companions of the last autumn , with an eagerness of good - will which many associations contributed to form .
She could not refuse to give him hers ' s ;-- he pressed it with affection .
BUSES rumbling through the city streets in 1986 could need 30 per cent less fuel than they do now to bring the cry ` standing room only " to impatient queues . 
But as the anorexia progressed , my walks became longer as well as more frequent and , if I decided to follow the perimeter of the school grounds , could last for up to three hours . 
Of course you could .
I could only resolve the confusion by refusing to be involved with any political activity .
And have a tiny back yard because otherwise they could n't cram so many boxes onto the site . 
Frank was next to Emma , Jane opposite to them -- and Mr . Knightley so placed as to see them all ; and it was his object to see as much as he could , with as little apparent observation .
The old prisoners could make a pet of a mouse or a beetle strayed out of a hole .
All of this may be understandable enough : it is , however , in fact difficult to see how diocesan authorities could have acted otherwise .
It would be a charming introduction for you , who have lived so secluded a life ; and I could immediately secure you some of the best society in the place .
Wexford was n't inclined to be sentimental over the Cullams but he could n't help being faintly touched that they who were poor in everything had been affluent , extravagant and imaginative in one respect . 
The lost life - buoy was now to be replaced ; Starbuck was directed to see to it ; but as no cask of sufficient lightness could be found , and as in the feverish eagerness of what seemed the approaching crisis of the voyage , all hands were impatient of any toil but what was directly connected with its final end , whatever that might prove to be ; therefore , they were going to leave the ship ' s stern unprovided with a buoy , when by certain strange signs and inuendoes Queequeg hinted a hint concerning his coffin .
`` Hettie '' , he said as gently as he could , `` we're still headed west .
From where he lay on his side inside the laundry basket , he could hear the noise of the showers echoing around the stone walls of the House .
Looking about him , he could see that tiny segments of woodwork from the floor he was waxing and polishing and from the doors he was stripping of paint , had been removed with delicate precision . 
As a result there could be a decrease in stainable immunoreactive product in the cell .
The first job was to scythe paths through the nettles so the children could play without being stung . 
To be sure the same sound was that very moment perhaps being heard all over the seas , from hundreds of whalemen ' s look - outs perched as high in the air ; but from few of those lungs could that accustomed old cry have derived such a marvellous cadence as from Tashtego the Indian ' s .
From under his eyelashes he could see Mrs Morgan was watching her husband with a sort of furious compassion , and was careful not to catch her eye . 
As to the sad catastrophe itself , it could be canvassed only in one style by a couple of steady , sensible women , whose judgements had to work on ascertained events ; and it was perfectly decided that it had been the consequence of much thoughtlessness and much imprudence ; that its effects were most alarming , and that it was frightful to think , how long Miss Musgrove ' s recovery might yet be doubtful , and how liable she would still remain to suffer from the concussion hereafter !
But I could not reason so to a man in love , and was willing to trust to there being no harm in her , to her having that sort of disposition , which , in good hands , like his , might be easily led aright and turn out very well .
I became very tired and soon felt I could not swim any more . 
Down below , as far as the eye could see , the hills and valleys were covered in trees .
Mr . Perry could not quite understand him , but he was very sure there must be a _lady_ in the case , and he told him so ; and Mr . Elton only looked very conscious and smiling , and rode off in great spirits .
Even at that distance Alan could smell its breath , which stank of stale blood . 
At the same time , however , modernization created new cultural forms , such as cinema and radio , which could constitute new allegories that themselves had radical possibilities for the populace .
He was a private named Schwartz , since not unknown in his profession , and what he found was a bald man in uniform , but with his face so bandaged by a kind of mask made of his own military scarf that nothing but open , dead eyes could be seen , glittering stonily in the moonlight .
Observing his target through cold eyes , Mortimer strode ahead , pistol ready , marking the positions of the dark figures who could be made out scrambling about the building . 
The Holy Father would die soon , she said to Carla , so she could translate for Sam , although he had a brilliant doctor , a man who did not need the assistance of those doctors offered by the great rulers of the world .
The decision to build the lift could not have been taken lightly ; it only makes sense as part of a scheme of general improvement . 
Although refrigeration has served to extend the storage life of these products , substantially increased consumption might be possible if areas remote from the seacoast could be served adequately .
The witness was subsequently recalled and it was established that her particular work ( presumably some form of basting or binding ) could not be accomplished by machine .
She might have expected him to be frozen with embarrassment ; she would n't have been astonished had he become aroused and immensely masculine , but all she could sense was diffidence . 
Before starting the walk we could n't resist a peek at the 12th century Norman Cathedral , the oldest in Wales . 
Yet , I responded , could not similar things be said about the art of the past ? ?
He could see connections between things that no one else in the force would even guess at . 
Could an employee's garden club take over partial care of plant grounds ? ?
But it said that Germany 's cellular subscriber base could soar to three million by the year 2000 , compared with 150,000 today . 
I shall never forget his flying Henry ' s kite for him that very windy day last Easter -- and ever since his particular kindness last September twelvemonth in writing that note , at twelve o ' clock at night , on purpose to assure me that there was no scarlet fever at Cobham , I have been convinced there could not be a more feeling heart nor a better man in existence .-- If any body can deserve him , it must be Miss Taylor ."
` The fish were really distressed and could not avoid bashing into each other with the water level so low . 
Pleased to find herself more comfortably situated in that particular than she had expected , Elinor was very willing to compound for the want of much real enjoyment from any of their evening parties , which , whether at home or abroad , formed only for cards , could have little to amuse her .
Four months ago , you know , he could not even fly an aeroplane .
But once , the mood was on him too deep for common regardings ; and as with heavy , lumber - like pace he was measuring the ship from taffrail to mainmast , Stubb , the old second mate , came up from below , with a certain unassured , deprecating humorousness , hinted that if Captain Ahab was pleased to walk the planks , then , no one could say nay ; but there might be some way of muffling the noise ; hinting something indistinctly and hesitatingly about a globe of tow , and the insertion into it , of the ivory heel .
O if thou wer ' t the Noblest of thy Straine , Yong - man , thou could ' st not dye more honourable
With the defeat at Brignais avenged , Charles V , who had just succeeded his father as king , could go to his coronation a satisfied man . 
Paisley had based his assertion about the danger to himself on a warning from inside the security forces and this fact meant that he could not establish the credibility of it by revealing the source of his information . 
` Later , " Renwick said and went into the bathroom , pulling off his raincoat and hat , hung them up where they could drip themselves slightly dry .
He knew there must be plenty on the other side , if he could only get to them , but he could not swim .
It is not binding upon another Superior Court , which could rule to the contrary .
It raced closer and they could see a woman with white hair , sitting astride an upright branch .
Canadian Pacific put its 56 % stake in Soo Line up for sale last year but could n't find any takers .
Meryl could sense the woman 's agitation and anger , and cast around for some diversion . 
Under the deal , India will build a sophisticate chemical plant at Qazvin , which will be used produce phosphorous pentasulfide , a dual - use chemical that could be used to produce chemical weapons .
Also Lucy and Winslow had a private contest to see which one could make the most words from the letters in `` importunately '' .
Researchers expected to find six out of ten people could recall Lady Thatcher 's historic resignation moment in vivid detail by retaining a long-lasting ` flashbulb " memory .
At the end of that period , Lady Russell ' s politeness could repose no longer , and the fainter self - threatenings of the past became in a decided tone , " I must call on Mrs Croft ; I really must call upon her soon .
We have no evidence that Vial provided , or indeed could have provided , a three-year course ( apart from that , he was at one point rebuked by the governors for not paying enough attention to his teaching duties ) . 
Mothopeng argued that only armed force could end minority rule in South Africa and condemned the ANC for entering into exploratory talks with a regime which the PAC refused to recognize .
Emma could not forgive her ;-- but as neither provocation nor resentment were discerned by Mr . Knightley , who had been of the party , and had seen only proper attention and pleasing behaviour on each side , he was expressing the next morning , being at Hartfield again on business with Mr . Woodhouse , his approbation of the whole ; not so openly as he might have done had her father been out of the room , but speaking plain enough to be very intelligible to Emma .
The new academic , by contrast , could be a creative artist , and he could dazzle the world as a poet , a dramatist or a novelist . 
And even now , I cannot comprehend on what motive she acted , or what fancied advantage it could be to her , to be fettered to a man for whom she had not the smallest regard , and who had only two thousand pounds in the world .
The very unattractive grey flannel trousers , who could guess at the legs they hid ? 
By the latter part of the next decade , Nissan , Toyota and Honda could be producing nearly one million vehicles in the UK alone , according to some industry analysts . 
The battalion chief said he had just gotten into his 1958 model automobile to move it from the driveway of his home so that he could take his other car to work .
And here she was , with Frank Grimwood of all people , shaking so much she could not fix her spectacles on her nose . 
Messrs. Roberts and Stein could n't be reached for comment .
They 're undergoing trials with Swindon Town Football Club , each one hoping that it could lead to a career in first division football .
They started fires ; they dug trenches and filled them with water ; they ran wildly about in the fields , killing what they could .
said he , patting him , and then could not refrain from counting out his money .
His argument is that once we have cleared the debt we could buy a car with another loan . 
Resentment could not have been more plainly spoken than in a civility to her father , from which she was so pointedly excluded .
I know it 's out of order , me coming here like this , but it 's urgent , could n't wait . " 
As Leonora said these last words , she could but just hear the voices of her companions .
This could only be achieved through the support of the chairperson and headteacher . 
Was n't there one word of sympathy he could offer to ease her sorrow at having loved and lost him ? 
When the first Crusaders trudged home for a rest from rape and pillage , they brought with them unknown spices which imparted such wondrous new and strong flavours that the absence of meat could go unnoticed . 
" I want to look at the old cambric that you said you had -- that would do for making -- that you could let me have cheap for artificial flowers ," said the firework - maker to the Jew ; and as he spoke , his eye from time to time looked towards Piedro .
When the chemicals could damage the skin or the eyes , adequate protection is essential . 
Satisfy your thirst for knowledge with Kitty Butterwick 's six-part wine appreciation course , and you could by quaffing your way to a qualification 
cried Mrs . Jennings , " I am sure he should be very welcome to bed and board at my house ; and so I would tell him if I could see him .
Surely there could n't be other women who delighted in such anguish . 
I could not help thinking , when he criticised us for not participating in European Community efforts on education , that here was the last and most remarkable convert come to the communautaire viewpoint on these matters . 
That could not be -- and I was formally dismissed from her favour and her house .
Late last year , it published a consultative document that could pave the way for legislation to replace the leasehold system with an alternative called Commonhold .
There was no room for company in the tiny Weaning House ( where the Albright boys always took their brides , till they could get a house and a farm of their own ) .
She paused -- and added in a low voice , " If I could but know HIS heart , everything would become easy ."
Now if I wanted -- which , thank goodness , I don ' t -- but if I did want to call a cabinet council to my assistance , whom could I pitch upon ?
Just like the balloon would go up and you could sit all day and wish it would spring a leak or blow to hell up and burn and nothing like that would happen .
Not only could he die , but you could inherit and hand the whole thing over to Jamie , which will ultimately make you heiress to nothing but tragedy , bankruptcy and disaster ! "
Surprisingly , both the Portable and the Kodak were supplied without a battery , so I could n't test them .
No matter how he tried , he could not judge exactly when to empty the pot before it became too heavy for him to carry all the way to the bathroom . 
Wilson disclosed the split into equally balanced factions when he said that two further members had also resigned on the grounds that a weakened Commission could no longer usefully continue . 
The current volume of vehicles could triple , or even quadruple , over the next 30 years and the bulk of the increase will fall on rural roads rather than urban streets or motorways . 
You could pretty plainly tell how long each one had been ashore .
He has summed up the issue much better than I could .
It would be a great comfort to Mr . Weston , as he grew older -- and even Mr . Weston might be growing older ten years hence -- to have his fireside enlivened by the sports and the nonsense , the freaks and the fancies of a child never banished from home ; and Mrs . Weston -- no one could doubt that a daughter would be most to her ; and it would be quite a pity that any one who so well knew how to teach , should not have their powers in exercise again .
They were poems in a strange language , of which he could barely touch a meaning -- enough to make his being ache with the desire for the fullness he sensed there .
For just £14,000 couples could count themselves among Sinatra 's guests .
She tried to call him but he could not have heard her because the air was filled with the terrible blare of a foghorn . 
After a successful sting , like El-Jorr 's in Los Angeles , the DEA agents would turn the counterfeit currency over to the Secret Service and both could claim credit for the seizure . 
Soft is the very word for her eye -- of all epithets , the justest that could be given .
Taking this in the spirit in which it was written -- as a joke -- Mr Ford 's self-deprecation is admirable , but his limited understanding of what his role as an ex-president could be is appalling . 
Turf him out of it , and the debate between ` traditionalists " and ` modernisers " could well turn into a conflagration . 
Superb courage and unlimited patience supported an altogether exceptional political intelligence , and in both speech and writing he could express his beliefs with all the brilliance of a highly original mind …
The incident , which has parallels in most people' experience , irked him evidently a good deal ; for he could not leave the subject alone . 
When you buy an asset-backed issue , you take the risk that a bank or an insurer could run into unexpected difficulties .
The best could not escape from the worst and the worst nestled cosily beside the better .
From the boat ' s fragmentary stern , Fedallah incuriously and mildly eyed him ; the clinging crew , at the other drifting end , could not succor him ; more than enough was it for them to look to themselves .
I do n't see how they could have caused an explosion . 
Grant gave his answer to his wife ; she to a Welsh servant - girl , who did not perfectly comprehend her mistress ' broad Scotch ; and she in her turn could not make herself intelligible to Mrs . Oakly , who hated the Welsh accent , and whose attention , when the servant - girl delivered the message , was principally engrossed by the management of her own horse .
I replied the same thing could be said about running a successful club , but Bob was off , back into the night . 
If they married outside their own caste , they could be put to death . 
With the raft being swept away by the tide she could n't climb back on board and was struggling when the lifeboat crew reached her . 
There could be a call from someone you have n't heard from in some time . 
Lady Merchiston 's situation , Theda recognised , was symptomatic of the whole , and she could appreciate that the Diggorys could scarcely be expected to cope with a task that would baffle an army of servants . 
At last , however , my resolution was taken , and I had determined , as soon as I could engage her alone , to justify the attentions I had so invariably paid her , and openly assure her of an affection which I had already taken such pains to display .
Lady Russell could not hear the door - bell without feeling that it might be his herald ; nor could Anne return from any stroll of solitary indulgence in her father ' s grounds , or any visit of charity in the village , without wondering whether she might see him or hear of him .
O if one could but fly like a bird !
They should know simple exercises that could prepare less fortunate children for the sports we will demand be taught .
A large aircraft , such as the B-52 or B-70 , could carry perhaps 50 or 100 small nuclear weapons .
I thought I heard a carriage last night , while we were drinking our tea , but it never entered my head that it could be them .
When he was again in their company , he could not help remembering what he had seen ; nor could he avoid observations which , unless it were like Cowper and his fire at twilight ,
The man paid the gaveller about a shilling a day : if she had a young child to look after at the same time she would have to manage as best she could . 
He could have told her about the IRA kidnapping him , but that would have alarmed her and the whole household . 
So far , excavations near Southwark Bridge have unearthed part of its outer and inner walls , and any further investigations could reveal its exact design . 
He had already committed himself to more work than he could handle because he was inexperienced at making deals and having to turn down work . 
They did not ever smile -- but you could tell that when their empty eyes opened they were alive .
Mr Falt could be forgiven his smirk when , on election day , he was able to report not a body count but a remarkable turnout of voters . 
She could swim , read the signs of the sea , forecast the weather . 
An important aspect of recent legislation and policy has been to tighten up on ` information agreements " , which could form the basis of secret collusion . 
In originally filling our tank , and every time we make a water change -- which is a vital part of the filtration process -- we could add substances that are potentially lethal to our fish . 
This was quite a new idea to Mrs . Dashwood ; she had never been used to find wit in the inattention of any one , and could not help looking with surprise at them both .
All around he could hear the toy snarl of wheeling planes . 
Iron concentrations ( 3.5 µM ) could only be estimated in gastric juice because of unavoidable contamination , but these were about 15-fold lower than previously reported values .
To his great sorrow he could never recall his mother . 
Mr Constable added : ` There could have been a commuter rebellion last week . 
Similarly , the inhalation of anaesthetics , bronchial sprays , tobacco smoke and so on could become a simple matter . 
they did not fall into pseudo-glamorous jobs on pseudo-glamorous magazines , but they did whatever nasty thing they could get in order to eat ; ;
The Czechoslovakian scheme could entail diverting the Danube and redefining the border between the two countries , a violation of national treaties . 
What steps have been taken to guard against the one sort of mishap that could trigger the destruction of continents ? ?
It was our delight to dash those proud faces to the ground , to smite them with the sword and savage them with the axe , as if blood and agony could follow from every blow . 
Nenna was ashamed , but she could n't make amends , not now .
The tone implied some old acquaintance -- and how could she possibly guess ?
What had you to do all day long that you could not carry my cider , my Worcestershire cider , to the cellar when I bid you ?
As a unique event , Karen could file it away in her snapshot album as one of the interesting things that had happened during her holiday in France . 
At these terrible words Lawrence burst into tears , and , going to the side of a ditch , sat down and cried for an hour ; and when he had cried till he could cry no more , he exerted himself so far as to empty his pockets , to see whether there might not happen to be one halfpenny left ; and , to his great joy , in the farthest corner of his pocket one halfpenny was found .
If only he could find the switch to throw or the knob to turn that would liberate the real potential of communism .
Lord Byron ' s " dark blue seas " could not fail of being brought forward by their present view , and she gladly gave him all her attention as long as attention was possible .
The local East Midlands electricity board could take power generated at Corby and feed it into the local grid .
Not that he could complain : his old school friend had been extremely generous in offering him such a pleasant room in his spacious flat for only four pounds a week . 
( He explained that he could diagnose these ailments from squeezing her foot because all of the nervous system was connected to it .
The son of the family went to California , learnt what made the Californians tick , and swore he could do as well , if not better , back in France . 
The data reported here are either from spectra from which the adsorbed water resonance could easily be eliminated or from spectra of samples evacuated and sealed off at 375-degrees-C which contain no adsorbed water .
I said that I could n't fault their prices , but asked what would happen if I did n't pay . 
And if that some one should be the very he whom , of all others , I could least bear -- but I will not stay to rob myself of all your compassionate goodwill , by shewing that where I have most injured I can least forgive .
Their engagements at Exeter instantly gave way before such an invitation , and Lady Middleton was thrown into no little alarm on the return of Sir John , by hearing that she was very soon to receive a visit from two girls whom she had never seen in her life , and of whose elegance ,-- whose tolerable gentility even , she could have no proof ; for the assurances of her husband and mother on that subject went for nothing at all .
Well , at last , as I need not tell you , you were forced on me ; and what a sweet figure I cut !-- what an evening of agony it was !-- Marianne , beautiful as an angel on one side , calling me Willoughby in such a tone !-- Oh , God !-- holding out her hand to me , asking me for an explanation , with those bewitching eyes fixed in such speaking solicitude on my face !-- and Sophia , jealous as the devil on the other hand , looking all that was -- Well , it does not signify ; it is over now .-- Such an evening !-- I ran away from you all as soon as I could ; but not before I had seen Marianne ' s sweet face as white as death .-- THAT was the last , last look I ever had of her ;-- the last manner in which she appeared to me .
" Well , granting that she could make the best pudding in the whole world , what does that signify ?
If Eastern can get creditor support , court confirmation of its plan could be relatively swift .
No , these were noises which belonged to the winter pleasures ; her spirits rose under their influence ; and like Mrs Musgrove , she was feeling , though not saying , that after being long in the country , nothing could be so good for her as a little quiet cheerfulness .
The ivory , the gold , and the pearls , all received their appointment , and the gentleman having named the last day on which his existence could be continued without the possession of the toothpick - case , drew on his gloves with leisurely care , and bestowing another glance on the Miss Dashwoods , but such a one as seemed rather to demand than express admiration , walked off with a happy air of real conceit and affected indifference .
It seemed to him that if the Ferraros felt sure of them , could place them , it would help him to feel more sure of himself with Carla .
There is ample evidence that in the Victorian and Edwardian ages working-class women were knowledgeable about techniques by which they could control family size . 
If out of that stiff tie and collar there had come abruptly the head of a cat or a dog , it could not have been a more idiotic contrast .
He could not sit still , and hurried up and down his small cell , gasping with terror , his eyes flashing with hate and anger . 
It was a little grey-haired old lady , propped up on cushions and staring intently at something Meg could n't see . 
As a boy growing up in New York , he recalls his father doing whatever he could to keep food in the ten hungry mouths , including buying up condoms and sunglasses wholesale and selling them to shopkeepers . 
She was warmly gratified -- and in another moment still more so , by a little movement of more than common friendliness on his part .-- He took her hand ;-- whether she had not herself made the first motion , she could not say -- she might , perhaps , have rather offered it -- but he took her hand , pressed it , and certainly was on the point of carrying it to his lips -- when , from some fancy or other , he suddenly let it go .-- Why he should feel such a scruple , why he should change his mind when it was all but done , she could not perceive .-- He would have judged better , she thought , if he had not stopped .-- The intention , however , was indubitable ; and whether it was that his manners had in general so little gallantry , or however else it happened , but she thought nothing became him more .-- It was with him , of so simple , yet so dignified a nature .-- She could not but recall the attempt with great satisfaction .
It was rather a childish game , all in all , but everybody seemed to be getting into the spirit of the thing and he could not remember when he had enjoyed planning anything quite so much .
Your solicitor or estate agent could also be asked to carry out bidding on your behalf as an Auction saleroom can be a tense and nerve-racking place to the unfamiliar . 
The Moon could not open the door , but he shone in through the keyhole , in a broad band .
The fortress and city could be ceded without great military significance , but the blow to the national spirit of France would be calamitous . 
Out of the drone of insect life around us I could distinguish the sound of an aeroplane engine . 
`` If you could say their business in the U.S. was mediocre , but great everywhere else , that would be fine , '' says Bonita Austin , an analyst with Wertheim Schroder & Co .
She seemed so unimpressed that he was obliged to roll up his blue jeans so she could see his brace .
Experience with Atlantean buses suggested that a driver could operate a double-deck vehicle , and this principle was applied to 761 .
Quemessourit became Missouri , Ookannasa Arkansas , Uneaukara Niagara , Machihaganing Michigan , and Potawanmeac Potomac . English speakers changed the pronunciations because the sound patterns in the Indian languages were so different from those of English that they could not hear , much less imitate , the exact words the Indians were using .
Ben watched all this , silent , and Harriet could not read the look in those cold yellow-green eyes .
Alice felt that this could not be denied , so she tried another question .
` No thank you , " said Penelope , feeling that he could hardly sit there eating a sandwich unless she did too .
" But where could _you_ hear it ?"
To his Harvard colleague , Josiah Royce , whose philosophic position differed radically from his own , James could write , `` Different as our minds are , yours has nourished mine , as no other social influence ever has , and in converse with you I have always felt that my life was being lived importantly '' .
Finally , we tested whether putatively diapausing embryos could resume development and hatch earlier than the reported 100 days [ 8 ] by transferring embryos from 0-4°C to 16°C at day 49 and tracking their development .
What those flat wooden cases were they could form no conception .
` The thought that any mother could manipulate their child into making this ludicrous and wicked cassette and appallingly arrange for it to be bought up by a TV network tells you all you have to know . " 
I was told that when the Cabinet got my report of what the Tans had done Churchill said he could see no harm in it . " 
5 : 19 And when they could not find by what way they might bring him in because of the multitude , they went upon the housetop , and let him down through the tiling with his couch into the midst before Jesus .
Inside the crown , stuffed behind the stained sweatband , could be seen thin , crumpled wads of currency .
She never stopt till she had gone through the whole ; and though it was impossible not to feel that he had been wrong , yet he had been less wrong than she had supposed -- and he had suffered , and was very sorry -- and he was so grateful to Mrs . Weston , and so much in love with Miss Fairfax , and she was so happy herself , that there was no being severe ; and could he have entered the room , she must have shaken hands with him as heartily as ever .
It would not be surprising if Malcolm renewed his efforts c.1016--18 , considering the likely state of England at the time , and Cnut could well have acted against him once free to do so .
In 1989 , the U.S. Congress was informed that Taiwan could have acquired an offensive chemical weapons ( CW ) capability .
She could wait for her vengeance . 
Japanese officials further threatened that , if reinstated , the ruling could damage US-Japan relations . 
It looked to me as though he had everything an artist could want , joy in his work , standing in the profession , a large and steady income .
` If someone came and pinched my bum on the escalator I 'd k-i-c-k him as far as I could down the escalator , " Topaz responded with gusto . 
There could be no doubt of his being a sensible man .
She felt she could n't do it again and she was n't about to crawl back to tell Ned Clarke so and have him volunteer Glyn for the job . 
Even if anyone saw it under the charred fringes of her robe , she could say it was homework . 
Emma felt they were friends again ; and the conviction giving her at first great satisfaction , and then a little sauciness , she could not help saying , as he was admiring the baby ,
Such examples could be taken to demonstrate the homogeneity of the ducal retinue , except that there is no firm evidence of movement in the opposite direction . 
Darlington College has never had a winner in the national finals but course leader Alan Brookfield thinks this could be the lucky year .
What could be less than to afford him praise , The easiest recompence , and pay him thanks , How due !
Lead coffins were very rare in colonial America , and could only be afforded by the very rich . 
The guy we now know is called Casey stomps out of the phonebox and glares up the road in our direction so hard you could swear he sees us . 
Though Jeremy Bentham ' s skeleton , which hangs for candelabra in the library of one of his executors , correctly conveys the idea of a burly - browed utilitarian old gentleman , with all Jeremy ' s other leading personal characteristics ; yet nothing of this kind could be inferred from any leviathan ' s articulated bones .
I think he was trying out his thought-control on me , though I could n't be sure .
Almost anyone could have written it ; ;
You see , Toscanini was not a bad man ; he was so musically dedicated and disciplined himself that he simply could n't understand that some people can play a false note or play out of time . 
They were relieved however , not by her own recollection , but by the good will of Lucy , who believed herself to be inflicting a severe disappointment when she told her that Edward certainly would not be in Harley Street on Tuesday , and even hoped to be carrying the pain still farther by persuading her that he was kept away by the extreme affection for herself , which he could not conceal when they were together .
For although the card lay at the other extreme of the table , and he could read nothing of the inscription on it , it bore a startling resemblance to the blue card in his own pocket , the card which had been given to him when he joined the anti - anarchist constabulary .
Then I hurried down to look at the ruins I had seen earlier , before the next onslaught of rough weather could begin .
The next step would be to explore whether the " others " could be represented in Byron 's poetry by people who follow the religion of Islam . 
I could tell you more newes too : Murrellus and Flauius , for pulling Scarffes off Caesars Images , are put to silence .
Yet , in summarizing a series of careful essays on the Yalta Conference , Forrest Pogue could find no basis for Yalta becoming `` a symbol for betrayal and a shibboleth for the opponents of Roosevelt and international cooperation '' .
Emma could not speak .
She could scarcely eat any dinner , and when they afterwards returned to the drawing room , seemed anxiously listening to the sound of every carriage .
The question was : could the situation be resolved by improving the integration of the thought and design processes , so that what was built better achieved what was intended ?
and putting one foot into it , so as the better to secure his slippery hand - hold on the whip itself , the hoisters ran him high up to the top of the head , almost before Tashtego could have reached its interior bottom .
Although nationalists could express themselves freely in cultural terms , their aspiration for a united Ireland would have to wait for the ballot box to decide . 
Current IRAs could be rolled over into the new IRAs , but would be subject to tax though no penalty .
He climbed , as quickly as he could urge his body , up the two unbroken flights to the third floor , pulling himself along on a delicate balustrade , all that remained of the building's beauty .
He could not resist a faint smile creeping over his face . 
As Agnese bustled off , Ronni was dying to ask what connection Jeff could have with Civitavecchia . 
Anyone with enough nerve could lay claim to the merchandise .
She thought it could scarcely escape him to feel that a persuadable temper might sometimes be as much in favour of happiness as a very resolute character .
It was another uneasy week , and by Friday afternoon she was longing for the end of the shift so she could go home and wallow in misery . 
Atonement , if atonement were possible , could only be made at that sacred , sacrificial basin .
Emma did not want to be classed with the Mrs . Eltons , the Mrs . Perrys , and the Mrs . Coles , who would force themselves anywhere ; neither could she feel any right of preference herself -- she submitted , therefore , and only questioned Miss Bates farther as to her niece ' s appetite and diet , which she longed to be able to assist .
He addressed her with easy civility , and twisted his head into a bow which assured her as plainly as words could have done , that he was exactly the coxcomb she had heard him described to be by Lucy .
What conceivable genetic mechanism could account for this ?
I could n't send her away thinking I could be so heartless and horrible , but I also knew that I was n't going to go home that weekend ; I 'd find an excuse . 
mortifying and humiliating must be the origin of those regrets , which SHE could wish her not to indulge !
It is alleged that , through the hedge , the local boys and girls could see ` the most disgusting sights " . 
His face , his figure , his voice were exactly like Robert of Sicily ; no human being could have told the difference ; no one dreamed that he was not the king .
He could not cross the living room , brush past her , and bend down to retrieve the shorts .
Patrick could hardly bear to listen to her throat-tearing sobs . 
Elinor ' s heart thanked her for such kindness towards Edward , though she could not forbear smiling at the form of it .
He had been cunning , arriving so early that she could not pretend to be rushing to work . 
how snug they might live in such another cottage as yours -- or a little bigger -- with two maids , and two men ; and I believe I could help them to a housemaid , for my Betty has a sister out of place , that would fit them exactly ."
The hedgehogs could hear its tremendous feet crunching through the weeds as it bounded away . 
She found she could cope with all kinds of problems for which she was once considered too helpless .
Could the knowledge have been extended through her family ?
The King lookalike could n't help falling in love with Lynn Willoughby and yesterday they tied the knot .
And Lilly allowed me to help so that she could have her few little hours of escape .
No-one left the school unless the Headmaster was throwing them out and Endill could n't remember that ever happening in the time he had been there .
How could I look on without agony ?
Exogenous bovine testicular hyaluronidase PH-20 stimulates rapid activation of c- Jun N - terminal kinases ( JNK1 and JNK2 ) in L929 cells [ 16 ] . In contrast , the stably expressed Hyal-1 and Hyal-2 could not mediate constitutive activation of JNK1 and JNK2 in L929 cells ( data not shown ) .
But it could also be looked at from the other end of the spectrum .
Since these duties fit neatly with those of the proposed presidential aide , one person , with adequate staff assistance , could fill both jobs .
A nation such as Switzerland could be neutralized by agreement and could be relied upon to protect its neutrality ; ;
THE ability of St Mirren 's young players to cope with pressure could be a key factor in their drive for promotion from the First Division , according to manager Jimmy Bone . 
A ship at dry-dock could be called a foamy-necked floater in Anglo-Saxon or a swift ship in Greek .
Attlee chided them for ignoring any notion of what the country could afford in suggesting armed forces levels , and for suggesting that cutting spending on the armed forces to £700 million would virtually immobilize them . 
She could feel her nipples hardening beneath the touch of his fingers , and her body trembled almost uncontrollably . 
He shouted in the ear of the man next to him who shouted back but all one could hear was ` Jesus " and the other ` Fucking gun " . 
Equally , if the board of directors could be restructured so that it effectively monitored the executive managers of the company , who would monitor the board itself ?
The tea things were brought in , and already had Marianne been disappointed more than once by a rap at a neighbouring door , when a loud one was suddenly heard which could not be mistaken for one at any other house , Elinor felt secure of its announcing Willoughby ' s approach , and Marianne , starting up , moved towards the door .
" We like to have something to do always , if we could , sir ," said Paul ; " but we are forced to be idle sometimes , because grandmother has not always things for us to do that we CAN do well ."
She would work out a method , by-passing her limitations , whereby she could sing .
She could n't help the tinge of pink that flooded her cheeks at his expression as those blue eyes studied her with contempt .
So much was pretty soon understood ; but till Sir Walter and Elizabeth were walking Mary into the other drawing - room , and regaling themselves with her admiration , Anne could not draw upon Charles ' s brain for a regular history of their coming , or an explanation of some smiling hints of particular business , which had been ostentatiously dropped by Mary , as well as of some apparent confusion as to whom their party consisted of .
He could feel his heart hammering in his chest , his blood coursing like a dark , hot tide in his veins . 
We could accordingly rewrite this opening as : In the " Sonnet on the Death of Mr Richard West " , formal qualities of the sonnet ( such as its rhyme scheme , division between octave and sestet and mode of address ) are moulded to suit the mournful tone of an emotional elegy . 
Advanced age had by now somewhat mellowed my mother , with the result that I enjoyed my visits to the palace , for when the subject was other than myself she could be stimulating and amusing company . 
If you looked past the rock pools and the exotic plants , past the miniature waterfall , you could see blue sky , a stand of coconut palms , and even , in the distance , a lagoon . 
` Could n't you just have written these people a letter ? "
Larch and pine logs could be split small and dried by the fire ; or kindling could be gathered " raw " . 
He did so because one of the brothers did not have photo identification nor could he understand English , and because the agent found both of the passengers to be suspicious .
Luke asked quietly , his face a carefully blank mask , yet she could sense the amusement lurking underneath . 
Rifles ranked so close even to that mountain path that a cry from him would bring the soldiers rushing up the hill , to say nothing of the fact that the wood and ridge were patrolled at regular intervals ; rifles so far away , in the dim woods , dwarfed by distance , beyond the river , that an enemy could not slink into the town by any detour .
The villagers listened with large eyes and open ears to these relations ; yet such was their habitual attachment to the spot they lived upon , or such the security in their own good fortune , that few of them would believe that there could be any necessity for removing .--" We ' ll see what will happen to - morrow ; we shall be safe here one day longer ," said they .
I think you could be much more precise if you wanted . "
Harriet , tempted by every thing and swayed by half a word , was always very long at a purchase ; and while she was still hanging over muslins and changing her mind , Emma went to the door for amusement .-- Much could not be hoped from the traffic of even the busiest part of Highbury ;-- Mr . Perry walking hastily by , Mr . William Cox letting himself in at the office - door , Mr . Cole ' s carriage - horses returning from exercise , or a stray letter - boy on an obstinate mule , were the liveliest objects she could presume to expect ; and when her eyes fell only on the butcher with his tray , a tidy old woman travelling homewards from shop with her full basket , two curs quarrelling over a dirty bone , and a string of dawdling children round the baker ' s little bow - window eyeing the gingerbread , she knew she had no reason to complain , and was amused enough ; quite enough still to stand at the door .
" But how COULD you know it was Dr . Middleton ' s name ?
Marianne , few as had been her hours of comfort in London , and eager as she had long been to quit it , could not , when it came to the point , bid adieu to the house in which she had for the last time enjoyed those hopes , and that confidence , in Willoughby , which were now extinguished for ever , without great pain .
He found , however , as he loped along , ostensibly to school , that he could not feel the same bitterness that he had done when he first started to write .
Syme had never seen any of the sky - scraping buildings in America , so he could only think of the buildings in a dream .
In spite of her vexation , she could not help feeling it almost ridiculous , that she should have the very same distressing and delicate office to perform by Harriet , which Mrs . Weston had just gone through by herself .
He could also be seen riding on Buddie 's back with a shiny red apple in each hand , and again walking beside Smallfry on the day she wore the big yellow roses in her hair . 
His handfuls could do nothing to quench the hewn , burning logs , but when the night sky grew dark above him and the fire dwindled to black ashes , tears threatened to spill forth and extinguish the final embers .
3 : 12 But many of the priests and Levites and chief of the fathers , who were ancient men , that had seen the first house , when the foundation of this house was laid before their eyes , wept with a loud voice ; and many shouted aloud for joy : 3 : 13 So that the people could not discern the noise of the shout of joy from the noise of the weeping of the people : for the people shouted with a loud shout , and the noise was heard afar off .
Through the gloom he could not see the man beside him clearly but he knew him thoroughly .
First , she dreamed of little Alice herself , and once again the tiny hands were clasped upon her knee , and the bright eager eyes were looking up into hers -- she could hear the very tones of her voice , and see that queer little toss of her head to keep back the wandering hair that WOULD always get into her eyes -- and still as she listened , or seemed to listen , the whole place around her became alive the strange creatures of her little sister ' s dream .
Lowered on a helicopter ladder over Anfield , he could bellow his instructions through a loudhailer , thus keeping in touch with his players while observing the letter of UEFA law . 
Crabtree and Evelyn is not a name I would instantly associate with culinary excellence -- though I always knew they could make you smell nice . 
We shall enjoy him completely ; every thing has turned out exactly as we could wish ."
He could throw himself on the mercy of the Police Department .
How could she have exposed herself to such ill opinion in any one she valued !
Nothing could have been a greater contrast to the Hamptons -- where miles and miles of unspoilt coastline and white sands edged the rugged Atlantic Ocean . 
Could he walk out in the midst of his piece ? ?
To which the landlord coolly replied , " That as long as he had paid like a gentleman , he had been treated like one , and that was as much as anyone could expect , or , at any rate , as much as anyone would meet with in this world ."
They could cook vegetables and meat simply , deal with eggs and bacon and porridge , and they were able to bake and housekeep , learning as they went along . 
Variations in receptor sensitivity could also account for variations in both spike amplitude and rates of wave propagation ( M.D. Bootman , personal communication ) .
All the little variations of the last week were gone through ; and of yesterday and today there could scarcely be an end .
Discovering that draperies could be designed to serve structural purposes , he began a study of the anatomy of folds .
They both then sprinted off and were out of sight before the group of concerned shoppers could reach her as she lay in a faint on the bottom step below the church . 
If we had an index at the front of the book we could scan the index for the name and then turn to the appropriate page . 
She could almost hear the crunch they made . 
It could not be very lasting , however .
It was a sin different in kind from mischief-making and could , in Lydia 's estimation , be excused on the grounds that it was the sexual misbehaviour of another to which she was responding .
And what possible claim could the Miss Dashwoods , who were related to him only by half blood , which she considered as no relationship at all , have on his generosity to so large an amount .
The carriage was at the door ready to take my poor cousins away , and they were just stepping in as he came off ; poor Lucy in such a condition , he says , she could hardly walk ; and Nancy , she was almost as bad .
Montagu apart , there was unanimous agreement that his challenge must be resisted , and that Asquith could best do this by resigning . 
He could see the dog bounding towards him , its fangs bared , its tail flashing from side to side . 
Emma made as slight a reply as she could ; but it was fully sufficient for Mrs . Elton , who only wanted to be talking herself .
" Do you really mean to sit there and say that you , like anybody else , would not recognize the difference between a natural occurrence and a supernatural one -- if there could be such a thing ?
Jamie shouted above the noise , holding up the empty carafe , but before Loretta could answer , a waiter showed two more people to their table . 
A window was thrown up in one of the upper floors , but just round the corner of the house so that I could not see it ; and a voice of terrible distinctness was heard shouting across the dark garden to know where Lord Falconroy was , for he was missing from every room in the house .
8 : 3 And he read therein before the street that was before the water gate from the morning until midday , before the men and the women , and those that could understand ; and the ears of all the people were attentive unto the book of the law .
The Wolverines ' borrowed silks lent them invaluable seconds wherein to close with those guards and sever their throats before they could fire or even cry a warning . 
The couple , who divorced four months ago after 16 years of marriage , just ` could n't live apart " . 
Indeed , I think I may say that you cannot , for your behaviour to him is perfectly cordial , and if THAT were your opinion , I am sure you could never be civil to him ."
Early missionaries under Mellitus in AD 602 were exhorted by Pope Gregory to utilise earlier pagan sites when new churches were built , so that people could continue to use those places they were accustomed to frequent . 
In a word , it was Queequeg ' s conceit , that if a man made up his mind to live , mere sickness could not kill him : nothing but a whale , or a gale , or some violent , ungovernable , unintelligent destroyer of that sort .
I asked a silly question : `` You've no idea where your husband could be , now '' ? ?
The episode could only have increased his distrust of authority and his disdain for the bourgeois . 
The little Cloud could see the poor people of the earth working and suffering in the hot fields , while she herself floated on the morning breeze , hither and thither , without a care .
The heat was excessive ; he had never suffered any thing like it -- almost wished he had staid at home -- nothing killed him like heat -- he could bear any degree of cold , etc ., but heat was intolerable -- and he sat down , at the greatest possible distance from the slight remains of Mr . Woodhouse ' s fire , looking very deplorable .
It was almost as if she was suffering from some dreadful disease that could only be cured by his physical removal . 
The Conner team wo n't be able to negotiate with corporate sponsors until the suit is resolved and the race site is determined , Mr. Smith said , and the syndicate 's budget could easily reach $ 30 million .
Shepherd phoned the police and taxis , but could not get help . 
He said much of his earnest desire of their living in the most sociable terms with his family , and pressed them so cordially to dine at Barton Park every day till they were better settled at home , that , though his entreaties were carried to a point of perseverance beyond civility , they could not give offence .
Sometimes I admired her for her virtue , at other times , impetuous in my temper and unused to control , I could have beat her . 
Another option that has been suggested is differential payment scales depending on whether or not a technology such as computerized physician order entry is in use or not , which has been recommended by the Medicare Patient Advisory Commission [ 49 ] . Examples of the type of financial incentives already in play that could provide good starts include legislation already under consideration by Congress .
1 . To some extent the Federal Reserve shared the popular but incorrect view that expansionary monetary policy could yield a net improvement in employment and output .
The cries for mercy were not confined to the chapel , but extended to the streets , and men and women were seen … in the streets , supported on each side from the chapel to their houses , for they could neither stand nor walk , and were not ashamed to , '' cry to Him who is able to save '' .
" Even some of the trees look like this when they first come through ; you would not think a birch tree could look like a vegetable or a flower , would you ?
`` Transparent look , waxy skin -- could well be uremia '' .
could the originals of the portraits against the wainscot , could the gentlemen in brown velvet and the ladies in blue satin have seen what was going on , have been conscious of such an overthrow of all order and neatness !
On the other hand he could work at all hours of the day and night -- much to the dismay of his advisers and household servants who would have preferred a more predictable routine . 
Bee Moore , who worked in Westlands and was a sister of Paccy Moore the shoemaker , had heard that Eve was dead from horrible injuries and that Benny was in such shock she could n't be told . 
At the same time they could become excited about house matches or school matches and take part in such events with earnest aggressiveness . 
" Yes ," said Laura , smiling ; " she whispered so loud that I could not help hearing her too .
I started putting in more hours and sometimes found reason to sleep at the office , hoping I could sleep off this feeling of falling out of love . 
14 : 2 And I heard a voice from heaven , as the voice of many waters , and as the voice of a great thunder : and I heard the voice of harpers harping with their harps : 14 : 3 And they sung as it were a new song before the throne , and before the four beasts , and the elders : and no man could learn that song but the hundred and forty and four thousand , which were redeemed from the earth .
" How could he , indeed !"
Scientists believe remains dug up in a Siberian forest could be those of the last Russian Tsar and his family who were butchered by rebel guards after the 1917 communist revolution . 
I do not mean to talk to you of what my feelings have been for him , but what they are NOW .-- At present , if I could be satisfied on one point , if I could be allowed to think that he was not ALWAYS acting a part , not ALWAYS deceiving me ;-- but above all , if I could be assured that he never was so VERY wicked as my fears have sometimes fancied him , since the story of that unfortunate girl "--
The debate needed no additional controversy and soon I could ask each individually what he expected from life , what his hopes were and what his fears .
He was certain that Scarlet would never behave so irrationally but could not quite rid himself of the image of the breakfast table .
He repeated promises that the council was doing all it could to improve the quality of life for residents in the area . 
It seemed to her that her mind was like an overfilled glass which only she could hold steady . 
Speaking to BBC radio , Lawrence Eagleburger said the US had done what it could for an agreement on farm subsidies , which had derailed the talks .
How the trampers might have behaved , had the young ladies been more courageous , must be doubtful ; but such an invitation for attack could not be resisted ; and Harriet was soon assailed by half a dozen children , headed by a stout woman and a great boy , all clamorous , and impertinent in look , though not absolutely in word .-- More and more frightened , she immediately promised them money , and taking out her purse , gave them a shilling , and begged them not to want more , or to use her ill .-- She was then able to walk , though but slowly , and was moving away -- but her terror and her purse were too tempting , and she was followed , or rather surrounded , by the whole gang , demanding more .
THE Robinson family could have a big influence on the outcome of the Armagh senior football championship final on Sunday .
` We had over two inches of frosty snow on our sleeping bags as it kept blowing in the tent and we could n't close the door properly . 
If the moral code were flouted , the proper balance of the universe would be upset , and the disastrous result could be floods , plague , or famine .
When Emma afterwards heard that Jane Fairfax had been seen wandering about the meadows , at some distance from Highbury , on the afternoon of the very day on which she had , under the plea of being unequal to any exercise , so peremptorily refused to go out with her in the carriage , she could have no doubt -- putting every thing together -- that Jane was resolved to receive no kindness from _her_ .
She could see the timbers under the terrace roof . 
Every night they all went to Mama and Papa Albright's , and sat on the open front porch , where they could get the breeze .
Silky hat all that could make a baby purr . 
If he could fix that sight , or even begin to do so , he might yet find a way of controlling the thing that had come to haunt him .
WHEN he heard about their break-up , Michael Caine could hardly believe it . 
Recognizing that there could have been no effective negotiated peace with Hitler , he points out the shocking failure to give support to the anti-Nazi underground , which very nearly eliminated Hitler in 1944 .
There was one with a monkey in too , crammed in this little shell with the side cut away so you could see in . 
The expedient thing -- yes , very true , one must make do as one could , in some situations .
Something she could n't quite articulate , an intuitive hostility to both the arguments and the conclusions they had just heard .
Countless similar facts and statistics could be adduced to substantiate Siberia 's fearsome reputation for extremes of ice , cold and snow .
The judges could complicate matters by ordering that the outcome of the deals be reversed , necessitating a mind-numbing series of calculations by the City . 
All those who wished , could then skate from 2-4 am . 
His companions suggested only what could palliate imprudence , or smooth objections ; and by the time they had talked it all over together , and he had talked it all over again with Emma , in their walk back to Hartfield , he was become perfectly reconciled , and not far from thinking it the very best thing that Frank could possibly have done .
This evening from the sun ' s decline arrived , Who tells of some infernal Spirit seen Hitherward bent ( who could have thought ?)
Before the end of September , Emma attended Harriet to church , and saw her hand bestowed on Robert Martin with so complete a satisfaction , as no remembrances , even connected with Mr . Elton as he stood before them , could impair .-- Perhaps , indeed , at that time she scarcely saw Mr . Elton , but as the clergyman whose blessing at the altar might next fall on herself .-- Robert Martin and Harriet Smith , the latest couple engaged of the three , were the first to be married .
She felt that if only she could reach her father-in-law and confront him with her fears for George 's safety , he would somehow make everything all right . 
At one time , the average person could harvest around a sackful of wheat a day .
He could sometimes be induced to talk about his presidency of the Guernsey Cattle Society , but never about his presidency of the international tribunal . 
Much later that night , coming back from dinner and the theatre , followed by a stroll round Trafalgar Square and Whitehall so Donna could glimpse some of the sights , Alexandra looked up at Matthew 's windows . 
It was in vain that he asked violently , as for the last time , how the statement " God is Spirit " could be reconciled with the statement " The earth is His footstool ."
No such importation of novelties could enrich their intellectual stores at present .
The furor was such that people who could not possibly have squirmed their way into the rehearsals were pretending that they were intimate with the whole affair and that it would be sensational .
There was more than a touch of arrogance to the assumption , and clashes with governments , who could at least point to the fact that they had been elected , were inevitable . 
3 : 20 And the multitude cometh together again , so that they could not so much as eat bread .
hear him !-- Well , I ' m point blank mad with myself for making this blunder ; but how could I help it ?
Higher doses could not be achieved without inducing unacceptable liver toxicity , as manifested by a severe inflammatory infiltrate and vacuolisation of the hepatocytes .
But the old man could only walk like a snail , and Syme had walked like the wind .
This however was more than she could believe herself ; and to be composed at such a moment was not only beyond the reach of Marianne , it was beyond her wish .
After ten miles , they could see that the smoke came from a burning oil drum , and this was odd enough to make them even more cautious . 
Every distinguishing attention that could be paid , was paid to her .
Morse could have returned openly while Bridget was sick in the back yard and gone up to the room he had occupied .
When that crop failed several years in succession , they had no viable alternative to starvation or ( if they could afford it ) emigration .
When Van Gelder was n't smiling , which was n't often , he could assume a very discouraging expression indeed . 
` Well , it could never be proved in a court of law , anyway , could it ? 
For the rest of his character and habits , they were marked , as far as Elinor could perceive , with no traits at all unusual in his sex and time of life .
One moment she feared that no serious design had ever been formed on his side ; and the next that some unfortunate quarrel had taken place between him and her sister ;-- the distress in which Marianne had quitted the room was such as a serious quarrel could most reasonably account for , though when she considered what Marianne ' s love for him was , a quarrel seemed almost impossible .
Fiona could spot a phoney a mile off and Jennifer or whatever she called herself was a phoney . 
I kept saying , `` If I could just build up a reputation for myself , make some real money , get to be well known as an illustrator -- like Peter Askington , for instance -- then I could take some time off and paint '' .
IT WAS not until he could taste his own blood that Ian Norrie realised he had been slashed -- the pain from the punches disguised the feeling of cold metal entering his cheek . 
Mr Stringer now appears relatively safe , but he could have been the victim of his own success .
` Nora was admirable in many ways but no one could call her lovable . " 
It seemed hardly possible that by such comparatively small mouthfuls he could keep up the vitality diffused through so broad , baronial , and superb a person .
He had asked her to talk to him about the things that troubled her , but she could not . 
The main question which was posed was whether semantic ( and pragmatic ) constraints could affect the amount of syntactic processing which was carried out in sentence comprehension . 
She crept down , keeping her suitcase under her right arm to conceal it as best she could with her body . 
` Which there ai n't , nor never will be , I do n't doubt , for such as us ! " and vanished again , skipping out into the yard and across to the house before her tongue could betray her even further . 
one can ' t repeat such kind of things you know )-- she told him directly , she had not the least mind in the world to be off , for she could live with him upon a trifle , and how little so ever he might have , she should be very glad to have it all , you know , or something of the kind .
He could hear Mrs. Kirby now , warning her pale guest against sunburn .
The sky was as Prussian a blue as Potsdam itself could require , but it was yet more like that lavish and glowing use of the colour which a child extracts from a shilling paint - box .
At that time , grape varieties were n't exactly classified , but Chardonnay , for instance , could have been among them . 
` I often suggested to [ the defendant ] to leave Paulette and find another woman whom he could get along with and stop mistreating her . 
By studying high speed movies made of this type of failure , the sequence of relationships as schematically illustrated in Fig. 9 could be observed .
Last week NATO said it was extending its mission in Libya for another 90 days , signaling that a military campaign initially expected to last weeks could drag on for months more .
Benny reached forward and twitched the hem of Richmann 's jacket aside , so that Ace could see the Steyr in its shoulder holster . 
As the light grew so Tallis could see his armoured helmet , crested by a fan of spikes , and the dull leather of his breastplate . 
Although it was dark as usual I could see that the hall had only recently contained a great many people .
She found that there was one newly built house in this village unoccupied ; it belonged to Mr . Harvey , her landlord , who was still in England ; it was slated , and neatly fitted up inside ; but the rent of it was six guineas a year , and this was far above what Mary could afford to pay .
So I begged he would not -- for really as to ours being gone , I could not absolutely say that we had a great many left -- it was but half a dozen indeed ; but they should be all kept for Jane ; and I could not at all bear that he should be sending us more , so liberal as he had been already ; and Jane said the same .
In both cases , extrinsic evidence could be introduced to show a want of jurisdiction . 
U From my vantage point I could see through the railings into the front garden where Shep was slinking noiselessly into position beneath the stones . 
He could pretend she was a good housewife , cook and mother to other men who were disgruntled at their wives , brilliant careers . 
Trials to make obese women comparable to normal women could be evaluated using YHL , but not YOL .
Though in many natural objects , whiteness refiningly enhances beauty , as if imparting some special virtue of its own , as in marbles , japonicas , and pearls ; and though various nations have in some way recognised a certain royal preeminence in this hue ; even the barbaric , grand old kings of Pegu placing the title " Lord of the White Elephants " above all their other magniloquent ascriptions of dominion ; and the modern kings of Siam unfurling the same snow - white quadruped in the royal standard ; and the Hanoverian flag bearing the one figure of a snow - white charger ; and the great Austrian Empire , Caesarian , heir to overlording Rome , having for the imperial colour the same imperial hue ; and though this pre - eminence in it applies to the human race itself , giving the white man ideal mastership over every dusky tribe ; and though , besides , all this , whiteness has been even made significant of gladness , for among the Romans a white stone marked a joyful day ; and though in other mortal sympathies and symbolizings , this same hue is made the emblem of many touching , noble things -- the innocence of brides , the benignity of age ; though among the Red Men of America the giving of the white belt of wampum was the deepest pledge of honour ; though in many climes , whiteness typifies the majesty of Justice in the ermine of the Judge , and contributes to the daily state of kings and queens drawn by milk - white steeds ; though even in the higher mysteries of the most august religions it has been made the symbol of the divine spotlessness and power ; by the Persian fire worshippers , the white forked flame being held the holiest on the altar ; and in the Greek mythologies , Great Jove himself being made incarnate in a snow - white bull ; and though to the noble Iroquois , the midwinter sacrifice of the sacred White Dog was by far the holiest festival of their theology , that spotless , faithful creature being held the purest envoy they could send to the Great Spirit with the annual tidings of their own fidelity ; and though directly from the Latin word for white , all Christian priests derive the name of one part of their sacred vesture , the alb or tunic , worn beneath the cassock ; and though among the holy pomps of the Romish faith , white is specially employed in the celebration of the Passion of our Lord ; though in the Vision of St . John , white robes are given to the redeemed , and the four - and - twenty elders stand clothed in white before the great - white throne , and the Holy One that sitteth there white like wool ; yet for all these accumulated associations , with whatever is sweet , and honourable , and sublime , there yet lurks an elusive something in the innermost idea of this hue , which strikes more of panic to the soul than that redness which affrights in blood .
Looking down , Branson could see a cricket match in progress in the grounds . 
This was certain , that Francisco was so well known for his honesty amongst all the people at Naples with whom his father was acquainted , that everyone was glad to deal with him ; and as he never wronged anyone , all were willing to serve him -- at least , as much as they could without loss to themselves : so that after the market was over , his panniers were regularly filled by the gardeners and others with whatever he wanted .
" But I only left it for a few minutes , brother , and I could not think anybody would be so dishonest as to take it whilst I was away .
The Little Fir Tree could not breathe , for joy and wonder .
Athenian society had been geared to war for so long that many breadwinners had never known a time when they could not earn a summer 's income by rowing the triremes . 
I felt that , as to fortune , in all probability he might do much better ; and that as to a rational companion or useful helpmate , he could not do worse .
I could not understand what it all meant .
As I lay with my head in your lap camerado , The confession I made I resume , what I said to you and the open air I resume , I know I am restless and make others so , I know my words are weapons full of danger , full of death , For I confront peace , security , and all the settled laws , to unsettle them , I am more resolute because all have denied me than I could ever have been had all accepted me , I heed not and have never heeded either experience , cautions , majorities , nor ridicule , And the threat of what is call ' d hell is little or nothing to me , And the lure of what is call ' d heaven is little or nothing to me ; Dear camerado !
Mrs Musgrove had not a word to say in dissent ; she could not accuse herself of having ever called them anything in the whole course of her life .
What 's more , he thinks this could be a nastier recession than usual : `` Once the downturn comes , it 's going to be very hard to reverse . ''
The downstairs door must also have been open , because I could hear the clatter of the harpsichord mechanism . 
Where there were more Indians than positions as Chiefs , when , for example , many constables had passed the Sergeant 's exam , personal animosity could be severe . 
David 's apprenticeship with another firm had irked his father who believed the family company could teach his children all they would ever need to know . 
12 : 2 They were armed with bows , and could use both the right hand and the left in hurling stones and shooting arrows out of a bow , even of Saul ' s brethren of Benjamin .
Seven miles off behind him , Eochaid and Ferteth and Cormac were fighting to save Perth and Scone from the army besieging them ; and here , motionless under the sun , were a hundred men who could help them .
But for half that -- 5 an hour -- you could hire an expert secretary with a range of skills , from copy-typing to letter-writing to faxing . 
The Emperor ran to his doctor , but he could not do anything .
And think , if we all knew this secret and we could pool our power , what a wonderful public utility company we would make .
If all you could see were your nose , or the side of your face , nature 's design system would clearly have slipped up somewhere . 
They never could have been all three together , without her having stabbed Jane Fairfax ' s peace in a thousand instances ; and on Box Hill , perhaps , it had been the agony of a mind that would bear no more .
The killer , if in our present group , would certainly be interested in knowing that much , and even though with the fingerprint evidence what it was I could see no way he could use this bit of information to improve on his situation , there might always be some way .
Before the scientist could conclude his sentence , another and more impatient summons sounded from without ; someone with swishing skirts was marshalled hurriedly down the corridor , and the door opened on a young girl , decently dressed but disordered and red - hot with haste .
I 'd go to the SS Great Britain and sit by the breezy river , and I 'd compose my stupid self and compose my story so that I could tell lies confidently instead of giving myself away . 
His smile this time seemed genuine , though I could n't see into his eyes . 
" I could n't figure out what it was I 'd done wrong , " recounted Levy , who was in town last summer visiting friends .
It could also bring far greater development benefits than indirect financial support , he says ( Box 2 ) .
Don ' t you wish your mamma could afford to give some like it ?
The voice , so accustomed to obedience , continued in courtesy , but its ring of conviction was sharpening , and Miranda sensed that Anthony Everard had reached the point when , if he could not phrase a command as a request , he would assert his authority undisguised . 
They could still read the opening : `` Once , I was like you , stepping out of my window at the end of day , and letting the winds blow me gently toward the place I lived in .
One could see this chemical determinant as in itself a miracle .
Thin she betho ' t hersel ', An ' tuk her schissors out , An ' shnipped a big hole in the bag , So she could look about .
They would feel that they could trust him ; that the nephew who had done rightly by his father , would do rightly by them ; for they know , as well as he does , as well as all the world must know , that he ought to pay this visit to his father ; and while meanly exerting their power to delay it , are in their hearts not thinking the better of him for submitting to their whims .
` She looks as though she could do with more agreeable company -- such as myself . " 
Mrs Frizzell wished mightily that she could infuse into her own voice just that inflection by which Mrs MacDonald conveyed that she was doing Tollemarche a special favour by coming to the ball . 
The fact that Jess's horse had not been returned to its stall could indicate that Diane's information had been wrong , but Curt didn't interpret it this way .
However , I don ' t think her hardly at all handsomer than you , I assure you ; for I think you both excessively pretty , and so does Mr . Palmer too I am sure , though we could not get him to own it last night ."
Some analysts say Noranda would prefer to break up Falconbridge , and that the Swedes -- relatively inexperienced in international mining operations -- could have problems holding their own with a much bigger partner like Noranda operating on its home turf .
First , several brokers interviewed in Katmandu said that existing laws could be bypassed easily , thanks to corruption in the government .
She had become rather fat , white , fatty faced , pasty from her indoor vigil over her own complaints , and the soft white face flesh could threaten tears very readily . 
Both interviews could be concluded reasonably quickly with practical action .
Anne could think of no one so likely to have spoken with partiality of her many years ago as the Mr Wentworth of Monkford , Captain Wentworth ' s brother .
With the second murder over , he could have left , hidden the weapon in some vacant lot or an abandoned cistern in the neighborhood .
This could become very tedious indeed …
Nobody could be so imprudent !
Prices and rents are likely to fall slowly in most cities , though there could be some serious casualties in the boiling Berlin market as sanity returns .
Every part of it brought pain and humiliation , of some sort or other ; but , compared with the evil to Harriet , all was light ; and she would gladly have submitted to feel yet more mistaken -- more in error -- more disgraced by mis - judgment , than she actually was , could the effects of her blunders have been confined to herself .
From our balcony we could see pots floating through the doorway and the family wading in and out in their bare feet . 
_She_ could not .
The project could result in the U.S. taking more than 10 % of its natural gas supplies from Canada , up from about 5 % currently .
Before Luke could stop him , Sonny bawled , ` Ye 've made Una pregnant ! " 
Charlotte laughed heartily to think that her husband could not get rid of her ; and exultingly said , she did not care how cross he was to her , as they must live together .
Some people said Linda had just announced the engagement to jolt John into some action , but when John came home from a business trip to Cleveland with Edythe , with Edythe his bride , it could no longer be John-and-Linda even to sentimental wishful thinkers .
He could read on the nearby scoreboard that Palmer , by then playing the 15th hole , was leading him by a stroke .
A slim attractive girl in jeans hovered near , her pose suggesting I could approach her ; but before I could do so Señora Sanchez accosted me . 
It was a great , three - cornered piece of sharp steel , with long handles coming up from it , so that a man could hold it in place .
On April 8 a Superior Court judge ruled that Gates could return to full duties pending a judiciary hearing .
He could not hear what they said to each other ; but their faces moved with amazement , not unhappiness .
` Fred was here " , ` Mandy loves Greg " , ` Joey sucks " were inane , but neither the grammar nor the spelling could be faulted . 
Through the window he could see over grey slate roofs across the bay to Newlyn , a mound of little houses behind its quays and boats and sheds . 
Trading standards officers point out that there are dozens of similar products that could be potentially dangerous . 
It was Ceauşescu who reassured Sadat with positive answers to his key questions : Could he trust Menachem Begin and could Begin deliver on any promises he might make to Egypt ?
Then I made up as a millionaire ; but I defended Capital with so much intelligence that a fool could see that I was quite poor .
For the present , he could not be spared , to his " very great mortification and regret ; but still he looked forward with the hope of coming to Randalls at no distant period ."
They had provided me with a small team of assistants and advisers , and a more agreeable collection of people one could not have found . 
Recovery operations continued and hundreds of items were finally brought to the surface so that the plane could be painstakingly pieced back together again .
Is it not monstrous that this Player heere , But in a Fixion , in a dreame of Passion , Could force his soule so to his whole conceit , That from her working , all his visage warm ' d ; Teares in his eyes , distraction in ' s Aspect , A broken voyce , and his whole Function suiting With Formes , to his Conceit ?
Some will suppose that 18th-century riots could be rather jolly affairs , playful English affrays of the sort cheerfully satirised by Hogarth or Rowlandson .
Three hundred Catholic miners marched in from Cleator Moor , four miles away , intercepted him outside the meeting-hall , beat him as hard as they could , and left him for dead . 
She wished that she could talk to her mother about it .
How it came about the the myth could take the place of history , and feed both fiction and utopia , that fiction in the form of dogma of various kinds could take the place of science , that science could progressively dominate fiction , that history , in eliminating myth , could itself become a science , at the cost of a ruthless battle between the imaginary and the real -- a battle whose outcome , even today , remains unclear -- this story reads like a novel : and in any case , does n't the word history itself , which designates a succession of facts through time , also encapsulate the word story : a tale , a fable , an imaginary account ?
But , um , also another story that I used to tell people , but was n't true , was that when I was little my dog , my little dog ran me over and stepped on my nose and gave me a scar on the side of my nose because I could n't think of any way to do it , any cool way of making my scar , of how it got there , and so I just made up stories .
Thus all differences were leveled , and all contrasts erased , in a realm of no distinction , and the harmonious balance of the Lo Shu square could effectively symbolize the world in balanced harmony around a powerful central axis .
Perhaps , she wondered as she hurried downstairs , if she could find the kitchen she might be able to make a cup of coffee and a slice of toast for herself . 
Your brother has gained my affections entirely , and as we could not live without one another , we are just returned from the altar , and are now on our way to Dawlish for a few weeks , which place your dear brother has great curiosity to see , but thought I would first trouble you with these few lines , and shall always remain ,
After a keen sail before the wind , this fourth boat -- the swiftest keeled of all -- seemed to have succeeded in fastening -- at least , as well as the man at the mast - head could tell anything about it .
`` The Pirates showed they could outclass the field last year .
Could you have labelled it in a way that would sort of help yourself more ?
I had thought in my heart that Lisa was too preoccupied with her own success , her own chance to show the world what she could do . 
This could expose willing states to charges of being unduly harsh or lenient in their treatment of prisoners and open to acts of reprisal or terrorism from sympathisers of those imprisoned . 
But the Moon answered never a word , and Jack Rollaround could not see where to steer .
On Sophy , indeed , she could not make any impression , though she had expended on her some of her finest strokes of flattery .
These developments could avoid the present difficulties of having to go from one service to another in search for a solution to each of a multitude of problems . 
She could not imagine a man more exactly what he ought to be than Mr Elliot ; nor did she ever enjoy a sweeter feeling than the hope of seeing him receive the hand of her beloved Anne in Kellynch church , in the course of the following autumn .
Although modern scholars have expressed surprise that `` the simple magic square of three '' , a mere `` mathematical puzzle '' , was able to exert a considerable influence on the minds and imaginations of the cultured Chinese for so many centuries , they could have found most of the answers right within the square itself .
Could she have known that you would even listen to her , that you would be King and statesman before you allowed yourself to be the vengeful husband ? 
` I could go upstairs this minute and drape myself in gold chains and beautiful bracelets . " 
On Monday , for instance , Howard Ward , a principal at Scudder , Stevens & Clark , found that `` you could n't buy blue-chips at quoted prices without paying up . ''
A longterm shutdown , however , could force BP to ship its oil around Cape Horn . 
The old harper thanked her , and went along the high road , whilst she and her brothers tripped on as fast as they could by the short way across the fields .
Nearly 45 percent of those asked to state the present law on abortion could not give the correct answer .
On 1 June 1878 the nineteen-year-old George wrote down his thoughts on how some ten yards a lap ( 5.7 seconds of the total time ) could be knocked off the then world standard . 
If it were done , when ' tis done , then ' twer well , It were done quickly : If th ' Assassination Could trammell vp the Consequence , and catch With his surcease , Successe : that but this blow Might be the be all , and the end all .
`` This year , coach Royal told me if I'd work on my place-kicking he thought he could use me '' , said Moritz .
On the right , the advance was once more quickly halted before worthwhile gains could be made or a significant number of Germans captured .
At first the going was so firm that they could travel comfortably at 50 miles per hour , but then they had to head north and traverse what is known as the Grand Sea Erg . 
For who could tell but what the next morning , so soon as I popped out of the room , the harpooneer might be standing in the entry , all ready to knock me down !
Surely she could see that these women were her Italians , too , he thought .
` Poor thing , " she 'd sob , thinking about the heroine , and she 'd get undressed so that she could carry on crying in bed . 
When he saw the car escaping he ran after it and shouted something which , owing to the increasing distance , could not be heard .
William , who did not write to Gorham , told Giffen that unless he could operate the plantation as usual for a year , he would sue `` amicably '' to protect his interests .
I also wished I could come up with an equally carefree stratagem for solving a more immediate problem — my skiing proficiency , which was n't really up to the task ahead . 
`` I could go with him .
" Who could have thought it ?
I could almost feel the river running behind me , beyond the earthen path . 
It came screeching out of the darkness , and not even the thunder could drown the scream of its menace . 
Barry F. Willman , an analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. , estimates the 9000 could boost sales by more than $ 1 billion in the fiscal year beginning in July .
5 : 5 But the eye of their God was upon the elders of the Jews , that they could not cause them to cease , till the matter came to Darius : and then they returned answer by letter concerning this matter .
This advertisement attracted the attention of all who could read ; and many who could not read heard it repeated with delight .
Knightley !-- How she could dare to fancy herself the chosen of such a man till actually assured of it !-- But Harriet was less humble , had fewer scruples than formerly .-- Her inferiority , whether of mind or situation , seemed little felt .-- She had seemed more sensible of Mr . Elton ' s being to stoop in marrying her , than she now seemed of Mr .
There was a click and she 'd gone , and I could hardly believe that I 'd ever doubted her as a relay post . 
It was some two hours ago , about seven by this time ; the moonlight was more luminous , and I could see the long white streaks of it lying on the mysterious mere with its grey , greasy , half - liquid shores in which they say our fathers used to make witches walk until they sank .
There being nothing to eat , he could only have some play ; and as his aunt would not let him tease his sick brother , he began to fasten himself upon her , as she knelt , in such a way that , busy as she was about Charles , she could not shake him off .
they simply could no longer be purchased for missionary purposes .
Adam said unhappily : ` But I doubt Harry went there to kill , and his standing at law may not be all we could wish . 
When the officer said , ` You will be charged with sedition , over and above the mobbing , but in certain circumstances that might not be pressed , " Cameron distressed himself by making a small , indefinite sound which could well have been taken for agreement . 
Darlington magistrates fined David Humphreys for a series of pollution offences , but he said he could not pay the fines and faced bankruptcy . 
I could get fresh fish from the quay if I hurried . 
But I was glad when the dinner was over , and Herbert and I could walk quietly back to our rooms together .
It was a sufficiently uninviting one ; nothing so far as could be seen but a steep and shelving bank of shingle , made of loose little pebbles such as children like , but slanting up higher than a house .
With Chrissie so shaken up , it would be good to have a second voice in the Stones ' house that could exert some control over the eleven-year-old . 
With the last of his strength Aenarion crawled to the altar and drove the blade back into its resting place , embedding it so deep that none could ever draw it forth again . 
Before this paralysis could pass , the priest had made a momentarily detaining motion .
She could not be complying , she dreaded being quarrelsome ; her heroism reached only to silence .
The need is for reference works of a more specialized nature than individual libraries , adequate to satisfy everyday needs , could afford .
If a certain opening up of the political life could reinvigorate the economy , that would be sufficient justification for adding a new dimension to ` socialism with Chinese characteristics " .
Alexis was standing with his back to the fire , several feet away , but Doug could see that he was watching and listening to every word that was being said . 
" For God 's sake , Maureen , you were yelling yesterday that you could n't be bothered with it . 
So he could control his baser instincts ! 
However , if Federal funds are used , it would be entirely appropriate to train workers for jobs which could be obtained elsewhere as well as for jobs in the area of chronic unemployment .
It was a remainder of former sentiment ; it was an impulse of pure , though unacknowledged friendship ; it was a proof of his own warm and amiable heart , which she could not contemplate without emotions so compounded of pleasure and pain , that she knew not which prevailed .
Soon after this Miss Bates came in , and Emma could not help being diverted by the perplexity of her first answer to herself , resulting , she supposed , from doubt of what might be said , and impatience to say every thing .
In vain handspikes and crows were brought to bear upon the immovable fluke - chains , to pry them adrift from the timberheads ; and so low had the whale now settled that the submerged ends could not be at all approached , while every moment whole tons of ponderosity seemed added to the sinking bulk , and the ship seemed on the point of going over .
Although the production of disks is expensive at present , the situation could change very rapidly .
I could not stop looking at him , rather like a thirsty man who knows the water is poisoned but can not resist drinking . 
The club 's officers and committee are well away that could happen if Middlesbrough lost its championship and Sunday matches , for there is no other Yorkshire venue in the region .
As to the wretched party left behind , it could scarcely be said which of the three , who were completely rational , was suffering most : Captain Wentworth , Anne , or Charles , who , really a very affectionate brother , hung over Louisa with sobs of grief , and could only turn his eyes from one sister , to see the other in a state as insensible , or to witness the hysterical agitations of his wife , calling on him for help which he could not give .
It is now certain that Malta 's coach , Pippo Psaila , could not predict what Scotland 's team will be , for the simple reason that even Roxburgh does not know the answer to that one yet . 
At the rate of need indicated in the early weeks of the month , this could mean a shortage of as high as $17,000 .
well uh they they said that i it was suspicious behavior and i looked at you know the highway patrol and i said how could it be suspicious behavior of me
SOUTH AFRICA 'S National Party government and the African National Congress agreed yesterday on a course that could delay majority black government until the end of the century . 
This was the conclusion I could not avoid in the months after becoming a Christian . 
There is also some evidence that combinations of therapies could greatly retard development of resistance to the partner drug .
As for Colonel Brandon , she was not only ready to worship him as a saint , but was moreover truly anxious that he should be treated as one in all worldly concerns ; anxious that his tithes should be raised to the utmost ; and scarcely resolved to avail herself , at Delaford , as far as she possibly could , of his servants , his carriage , his cows , and his poultry .
His distress could have been alleviated with treatment far earlier if he had been diverted into the hospital system straight from the police station , or direct from the court , rather than via prison . 
These dosages could have been increased by increasing the source strength which was small in this case .
" I would rather BE than seem your friend , if I could ," said Francisco .
Nicandra could not name Depression , but she had a cure for it : teasing Silly-Willie at the West Gate Lodge .
Ludie could be hateful .
In that case , nothing could be more pitiable or more honourable than the sacrifices she had resolved on .
It made him so very unhappy , indeed , that it could not be persevered in .
A slim , wiry youth , he was one of the few who could claim a ` middle-class " upbringing . 
Charles the Bald could warn or punish by leaving a trail of havoc along his line of march . 
Geologists , mapping the site , found it difficult to understand how they could have been shaped by the normal forces of erosion .
5- Cars parked inside the location should have their front facing the fence so they could be used quickly in case of emergency .
If necessary , such a person could then be sent on a suitable training course to learn any technical skills which might seem to be appropriate .
As you know , I run the magazine on a pretty tight budget , but I could offer a fee of £100 if you could supply two or three good quality photographs with your article . 
Vexed to be out - generalled , and still more vexed to have it remarked , Archer poured forth a volley of incoherent exclamations and reproaches against those who were thus so soon discouraged by a trifle ; and groping for the tinder - box , he asked if anything could be easier than to strike a light again .
The newspaper said al-Mitairi 's execution was delayed until the victim 's heirs reached the age of 18 so they could decide whether or not to grant clemency .
A well - curated museum exhibit backed by a few smart CD-ROMs could , in a day , drill you in most of the geology McPhee has to teach .
It seems impossible that they could not have known where they were ; they can only have ignored it deliberately , and therefore perhaps for political reasons of their own . 
A man in the cab leaned out and shouted something at her as the fire engine churned past , but she could n't hear what . 
An opportunity of coming hither , though with Mrs . Jennings , was a temptation we could not resist .
This could never happen in my native Chicago .
` One is that , like I said , I could probably frame you for the kiosk and the burglary .
Always , she came back to that , with some relief : everything could be explained by her yearning for her other child , the root of all her discontent . 
She was pretty too -- at least I thought so THEN ; and I had seen so little of other women , that I could make no comparisons , and see no defects .
If he were a little spoilt by such universal , such eager admiration , who could wonder ?
All she could hear were soft snores . 
Ace drew her Browning and fired at Mait , but he had ducked behind the wall of the sedan chair and the bullets ricocheted off what could only be metal . 
When the fate of the individual is visited on the group , then ( the warm sweet butter dripped from her raised trembling fork and she pushed her head forward belligerently ) , ah , then the true bitterness of existence could be tasted .
They could all fairly be described as `` pap '' courses .
With fitzAlan , de Villiers and a chastened but still influential Bishop of Winchester listening to every word , Isabel had answered as best she could in the hope that by doing so she might appease her conscience . 
Such a situation regarding the Board of War could hardly have helped Morgan's chances for promotion when that matter came before the group later on .
Yet no one , from Mrs Aquino downwards , could be sure that her orders would be obeyed . 
She had an unhappy state of health in general for the child of such a man , for she hardly knew what indisposition was ; and if he did not invent illnesses for her , she could make no figure in a message .
Open your children 's eyes and minds to the world of books in The Red House -- it could be the start they 'll always thank you for . 
But he could give little artistic assistance about the black figure that he and Seymour had seen .
She had much to recover from , before she could move .
I am sartain sure he could never come to good after .
In a short time one returned with his beak full , and they could hear the nestlings squeaking as he flew out of sight beneath their feet . 
Mr . Woodhouse hesitated .--" Not near so often , my dear , as I could wish ."
The next day and the next , and the next , Goody Grope came on the same errand , and poor Mary , who could ill - afford to supply her constantly with halfpence , at last exclaimed , " I am sure the finding of this treasure has not been any good luck to us , but quite the contrary ; and I wish we never had found it ."
and uh developed uh uh a free enterprise capitalistic type of economy with a common form of government that they could have uh uh been a force in the world though
I felt a burning , splitting sensation , and Dick told me to look as the head had crowned , and I could see she had dark hair . 
He felt that he could write whole books about the feelings of a single bird .
However , the regional government could not afford to take them over , so many of these community schools were overcrowded , under-funded , with too few , and untrained teachers . 
But as he turned that corner , and saw the trees and the Moorish cupolas , he could have sworn that he was turning into an unknown Place de something or other in some foreign town .
Because families could only heat one room , many were forced to all eat , sleep and virtually live in the sitting room which was meant for relaxation . 
` He 'd tied a black scarf , or a stocking , or something over his face , and I could only see his eyes between that and his hat brim . 
Parents could be forgiven for thinking it's another foreign language, the current wave of political bickering about education . 
Thus the regional assistance provided by the EC could be viewed as a rather weak attack upon a problem which the EC had itself exacerbated .
Only before we could get a team out to intercept them she disappeared . "
Elinor , who foresaw a fairer opening for the point she had in view , in such a party as this was likely to be , more at liberty among themselves under the tranquil and well - bred direction of Lady Middleton than when her husband united them together in one noisy purpose , immediately accepted the invitation ; Margaret , with her mother ' s permission , was equally compliant , and Marianne , though always unwilling to join any of their parties , was persuaded by her mother , who could not bear to have her seclude herself from any chance of amusement , to go likewise .
The telephone network simply could n't handle the large number of people seeking to make a call at the same time .
Eddie made a harsh sound that could have been intended as a laugh but sounded more like a cry of pain . 
At least this dust was somewhat localized whilst that from machine drills could fill headings and stopes until at times it was impossible for a miner to see his hand in front of his face in the dim candlelight .
` And how many humans could even stand on a ball , let along run slowly on it ? " demanded Gurder . 
If Bootsy had a chin , it was not much in evidence and Matthew could see two distinct pimples beside his nose . 
And this tattooing had been the work of a departed prophet and seer of his island , who , by those hieroglyphic marks , had written out on his body a complete theory of the heavens and the earth , and a mystical treatise on the art of attaining truth ; so that Queequeg in his own proper person was a riddle to unfold ; a wondrous work in one volume ; but whose mysteries not even himself could read , though his own live heart beat against them ; and these mysteries were therefore destined in the end to moulder away with the living parchment whereon they were inscribed , and so be unsolved to the last .
No theatre producer could have dreamed up a more dramatic introduction . 
They could include Home Corner equipment , pictures from magazines or objects from a furnished doll 's house .
She could now look forward to giving him that full and perfect confidence which her disposition was most ready to welcome as a duty .
Not if she could help it ; but there ' s no beds , since Mr . Bursal and Miss Bursal ' s come .
The equipment for mass - producing vaccines and antiserums at the Pasteur Institute could be utilized to mass - produce biological weapons as well .
And Emma had the advantage of hearing her own silly compliment repeated twice over before the good old lady could comprehend it .
Cecilia ' s companions at length recollected that though she had embroidered a tulip , and painted a peach , better than they , yet that they could play as well , and keep their tempers better ; for she was discomposed .
In the mob I could see Sally 's tawny head bobbing up and down . 
Then , there is a dove - cote , some delightful stew - ponds , and a very pretty canal ; and every thing , in short , that one could wish for ; and , moreover , it is close to the church , and only a quarter of a mile from the turnpike - road , so ' tis never dull , for if you only go and sit up in an old yew arbour behind the house , you may see all the carriages that pass along .
They gave themselves up wholly to their sorrow , seeking increase of wretchedness in every reflection that could afford it , and resolved against ever admitting consolation in future .
It was true that they could be approximated , but would the Ozagenians understand these approximations ? ?
They were only concerned that the house could accommodate no more ; and yet perhaps , by " putting the children away in the maid ' s room , or swinging a cot somewhere ," they could hardly bear to think of not finding room for two or three besides , supposing they might wish to stay ; though , with regard to any attendance on Miss Musgrove , there need not be the least uneasiness in leaving her to Mrs Harville ' s care entirely .
Do you think I could go to the powder room and take off my girdle ? " she said . 
Er we could talk about the customs , the English customs that have helped to er guide us as a rather new nation in our growth .
When he touched a gentle knuckle to her cheek , she started ; her breath lodged somewhere in her throat and she could only stand helplessly as he untied the ribbon securing her hair . 
Many three-bedroomed houses occupied by single people or couples could be occupied by families now on the council 's waiting list , it says . 
We should be three very gay companions , we could make excursions , the sort one never ventures upon alone . 
When she became sensible of this , it struck her that she could not be very much in love ; for in spite of her previous and fixed determination never to quit her father , never to marry , a strong attachment certainly must produce more of a struggle than she could foresee in her own feelings .
Fiercer invertebrates which came to the moss jungles to prey on this grazing population , could not indulge in such trusting relationships . 
Then , as could happen with him , he felt a deep despondency replace his feeling of elation . 
Some would say that the universe is such that a resurrection could not take place , and they would base this assertion on " science " . 
Brian gasped with the pain , and could n't breathe .
It might be weeks , it might be only a few days , before the horse were useable ; but no preparations could be ventured on , and it was all melancholy stagnation .
statement then referred the reader to a 73-page reference guide that provided definitions , recommended guidelines and procedures , explanatory discussions , and self-assessment questionnaires designed to assist business units in understanding the need for the policies and how they could be implemented .
That deadline has been extended once and could be extended again .
`` Why '' , he went on , `` when Rob asked me if he could make his dive on this trip , I didn't think twice about it .
Because of the authentic homogeneity of his early Nationalistic materials , and his flair for orchestrations -- his brilliant Petruchka , his savage Sacre Du Printemps , his incisive Les Noces -- the world kept hoping that he could recapture the historical direction for which his native talents were predisposed .
We have formulated an ideal piece of research which we could never hope to carry out with our own ( almost certainly ) limited money , time and personnel . 
He could see Tom Fish standing like a huge black silhouette in the doorway , and he was tempted to rush forward and shove him head-first into the cellar below . 
But he was happy to tell her that his finances were now in such condition that he could go back to Harvard for a third year with Professor Baker .
She had fur-backed gloves and high brown-polished boots , not shoes but boots , and from what she could see of them they looked serviceable , as if they really were worn for walking . 
` The lad asked a favour of an old shipmate , and being as he was most polite , how could that shipmate refuse , I ask you ? 
On the pavement before he could hear the policeman idly stir and stamp , for the morning , though bright , was cold .
Emma felt the bad taste of her friend , but let it pass with a " very true ; and it would be a small consolation to her , for the clownish manner which might be offending her every hour of the day , to know that her husband could write a good letter ."
Now , as her objection was nothing but her very great dislike of Mrs . Elton , of which Mr . Weston must already be perfectly aware , it was not worth bringing forward again :-- it could not be done without a reproof to him , which would be giving pain to his wife ; and she found herself therefore obliged to consent to an arrangement which she would have done a great deal to avoid ; an arrangement which would probably expose her even to the degradation of being said to be of Mrs . Elton ' s party !
How they could be thrown together , and by what attraction Robert could be drawn on to marry a girl , of whose beauty she had herself heard him speak without any admiration ,-- a girl too already engaged to his brother , and on whose account that brother had been thrown off by his family -- it was beyond her comprehension to make out .
Before she could struggle to her feet , Diana neatly sidestepped her bruised stepmother and marched off without a word or a backward glance . 
From the upper windows you can see as far as Mellum Island -- we could get a sailboat if things go well and sail there in summer .
He rose from his enormous desk and lit a big cigar -- it could n't have been a Havana -- and strutted around his vast office like a peacock , admiring his reflection in the long mirror . 
Where day and night I wend thy surf - beat shore , Imaging to my sense thy varied strange suggestions , ( I see and plainly list thy talk and conference here ,) Thy troops of white - maned racers racing to the goal , Thy ample , smiling face , dash ' d with the sparkling dimples of the sun , Thy brooding scowl and murk -- thy unloos ' d hurricanes , Thy unsubduedness , caprices , wilfulness ; Great as thou art above the rest , thy many tears -- a lack from all eternity in thy content , ( Naught but the greatest struggles , wrongs , defeats , could make thee greatest -- no less could make thee ,) Thy lonely state -- something thou ever seek ' st and seek ' st , yet never gain ' st , Surely some right withheld -- some voice , in huge monotonous rage , of freedom - lover pent , Some vast heart , like a planet ' s , chain ' d and chafing in those breakers , By lengthen ' d swell , and spasm , and panting breath , And rhythmic rasping of thy sands and waves , And serpent hiss , and savage peals of laughter , And undertones of distant lion roar , ( Sounding , appealing to the sky ' s deaf ear -- but now , rapport for once , A phantom in the night thy confidant for once ,) The first and last confession of the globe , Outsurging , muttering from thy soul ' s abysms , The tale of cosmic elemental passion , Thou tellest to a kindred soul .
He further argued that no conceivable military strength in the area could defend access to oil resources against attack from the north ( i.e. the USSR ) .
Had that tall dark boy , carrying trays too heavy for him , found what he might have considered adulation of a man he probably hated more than he could bear ? ?
But it WAS said , I know , very well , and by more than one ; for Miss Godby told Miss Sparks , that nobody in their senses could expect Mr . Ferrars to give up a woman like Miss Morton , with thirty thousand pounds to her fortune , for Lucy Steele that had nothing at all ; and I had it from Miss Sparks myself .
They made the wee clothes as dainty as could be , with nice little stitches and pretty buttons ; and by Christmas time , they were finished .
Cigarettes , so cheap and in such large numbers , were snapped up even by non-smokers , who regarded them as some new kind of currency ; and the little bottles , so exquisitely miniature , ` twee " , as Sister Dew put it , could have nothing wicked about them even for teetotallers .
The medical opinion of a lady of so much anatomical precision could not have much weight .
If he could make the Prophet fire and miss once more , the gun would be empty … always assuming the man had acquired no further ammunition .
Emma agreed to it , and with a blush of sensibility on Harriet ' s account , which she could not give any sincere explanation of .
And so they reached the edge of the Green Forest , Buster Bear running as hard as ever he could , Sammy Jay flying just behind him and screaming , " Thief , thief , thief !"
Subjects were asked to rate the passage for comprehensibility and to recall as much of it as they could .
He could n't handle the fact that his sexual dynamism was starting to lose its velocity .
Some adjusters , already in other parts of California , drove to the disaster area with recreational vehicles and mobile homes that could be used as makeshift claims-processing centers .
She could not have called it either cold or friendly , or anything so certainly as embarrassed .
" I , too , want a harpoon made ; one that a thousand yoke of fiends could not part , Perth ; something that will stick in a whale like his own fin - bone .
29 : 34 But the priests were too few , so that they could not flay all the burnt offerings : wherefore their brethren the Levites did help them , till the work was ended , and until the other priests had sanctified themselves : for the Levites were more upright in heart to sanctify themselves than the priests .
After evaluating the extensive body of evidence before it and your testimony , the committee is troubled by incongruities , inconsistencies and conflicts , particularly concerning actions taken by you which were or could have been of potential benefit to Mr . Chang .
It was a great object to her to escape all enquiry or eclat ; but it was her intention to be as decidedly cool to him as might be compatible with their relationship ; and to retrace , as quietly as she could , the few steps of unnecessary intimacy she had been gradually led along .
It could have continued testing to the full on the grounds that the radiation danger was far less than the danger of Communist world domination .
She could not endure the idea of treachery or levity , or anything akin to ill usage between him and his friend .
As one military officer put it , we had our hand on the door , but we could n't open the door and walk in .
In some magical way , the sight of the dumpy figure in the long black cloak could rekindle the fighting spirit in utterly battleweary troops . 
Marianne was vexed at it for her sister ' s sake , and turned her eyes towards Elinor to see how she bore these attacks , with an earnestness which gave Elinor far more pain than could arise from such common - place raillery as Mrs . Jennings ' s .
However , I suspect you could take an obvious short cut across the open fell side to avoid the town without too much trouble . 
The author is 28 , film options have already been sold , Penguin is pushing it , and all in all it 's terrific , a sophisticated literary novel that could straddle the markets .
Could it be , she asked , that Mr Ross was reluctant to think of terrorists as human ?
Freed from the necessity to concentrate on the road , she could have admired the sweep of the rolling scenery of broad fields dotted with cattle , and tree-crowned hills . 
No one who saw his slouching stride and sunken head could have known that his soul was in the seventh heaven of ecstasy .
among whom , his Party have indeed more Friends than I could wish '' .
a woman who was willing to give him love , faith , and anything else a woman could give a husband .
I knew that such contradictions could be resolved for Jean-Claude in his work , and I felt that he , like me , should not allow them to dominate life .
Studying them , McFeeley could not help make comparison with the Andrus couple .
Maybe they left by the tunnel he was on about … well , maybe Brett coulda gotten out that way too … ” 
There were no champions to fight their cause , so Celie , her friends and family could not show their anger openly in case they punished for speaking out . 
When his lips met hers , shock rippled through her because her conjectures could not have been further from the truth . 
Prepared by this speech to hear something very difficult to be understood , Anne looked very grave , and her brother explained to her , that , with a guinea , she might buy two hundred and fifty - two times as many plums as she could get for a penny .
Could it do otherwise ? ?
And how could she keep her shameful marriage from Miss Hatherby ?
Usually she marked the few who did thank you , you didn't get that kind much in a place like this : and she played a little game with herself , seeing how downright rude she could act to the others , before they'd take offense , threaten to call the manager .
` You do n't mind my using the house as if it were my own ? " he cried with as much boisterousness as he could muster , waving the bottle like a flag . 
This could pick up perhaps two or three selected artists chosen for their recording prowess , the others in the recording room being relegated to ` accompaniment " . 
exclaimed Loveit aloud , with an emotion which he could not command .
3 : 5 For this cause , when I could no longer forbear , I sent to know your faith , lest by some means the tempter have tempted you , and our labour be in vain .
You could find yourself in greater difficulties later if you do n't grasp basic concepts and ideas in the early stages of the class .
Much of it , of course , using the standards of top newspapers , can not be used since it is largely gossip we are repeating , although it certainly could make for some very good stories .
Too often the sandbags were disturbed by men coming back from patrol , slithering hurriedly in before they could be illuminated by a German flare . 
It was as much as Emma could bear , without being impolite .
The defending solicitor tried to fault her on identification but she described the car as having a metallic paint job , wide wheels and a number of triangular stickers in the rear window ; she also thought that she could remember a couple of fluffy dice hanging from the rear-view mirror , and she gave the first three letters of the registration number . 
Gandhi indeed could count on the British conscience for his personal safety , but he could never count on it for political concessions -- and it is clear that at some level he understood this .
Visibility was so poor that Defries could hardly see the runway in front of her . 
By relaxing the throat muscles and expanding the oral cavity well into the frontal sinuses , she could direct the vowel sounds into the most felicitous position for proper reproduction through her throat microphone .
It troubled Eline how nearly she had betrayed all her instincts and gone to Will 's bed , it was foolishness , she saw that now , no good could come of being unfaithful to her marriage vows . 
As Hunt saw the situation on that first Sunday in a new team , he could not be certain about his own capabilities . 
The glow in his eyes made her heart swell , but she could n't resist a gentle tease . 
In the spring , rebel sieges of heavily defended Port Brega in eastern Libya and Zlitan outside Misurata dragged on for weeks before fighters could punch through .
The Miss Hayters , the females of the family of cousins already mentioned , were apparently admitted to the honour of being in love with him ; and as for Henrietta and Louisa , they both seemed so entirely occupied by him , that nothing but the continued appearance of the most perfect good - will between themselves could have made it credible that they were not decided rivals .
25 : 5 Moreover Amaziah gathered Judah together , and made them captains over thousands , and captains over hundreds , according to the houses of their fathers , throughout all Judah and Benjamin : and he numbered them from twenty years old and above , and found them three hundred thousand choice men , able to go forth to war , that could handle spear and shield .
If I could make myself feel the same way
It must have begun to seem that there was nothing the British film producer could do to challenge the place of American films on the nation 's screens . 
By lowering the nitrogen content , the company said it could cut the amount of nitrogen deposited on the land by pigs by 23 per cent . 
I wonder if one of you gentlemen could drive me back to town ? ?
There is likely , for example , to be a progression away from blue-collar jobs to white-collar or service occupations , but these could well take on more of the character which factory work has had in the past , if the tendency is not resisted . 
This quiet group of people looked so simple and unassuming that at first he could not think what made them interesting to him , and then he realized that they gave every appearance of complete sincerity . 
She drank from a cup so transparently delicate that its contents could be seen right through the patterned china . 
I 've never yet met a claimant who could afford a television licence .
Let ' s be Sacrificers , but not Butchers Caius : We all stand vp against the spirit of Caesar , And in the Spirit of men , there is no blood : O that we then could come by Caesars Spirit , And not dismember Caesar !
I think her the very worst sort of companion that Emma could possibly have .
I was also aware that being a green hand at whaling , my own lay would not be very large ; but considering that I was used to the sea , could steer a ship , splice a rope , and all that , I made no doubt that from all I had heard I should be offered at least the 275th lay -- that is , the 275th part of the clear net proceeds of the voyage , whatever that might eventually amount to .
I am not for one moment suggesting that you could do such a thing yourself because I think you would do it with more style and use a magnum of champagne . 
1 : 10 So I stood upon him , and slew him , because I was sure that he could not live after that he was fallen : and I took the crown that was upon his head , and the bracelet that was on his arm , and have brought them hither unto my lord .
People could fill in forms in shops or supermarkets , choosing random numbers which would be scanned and fed to a central computer with the results announced live on a weekly T V spectacular . 
said the chimney - sweeper , " how could I ?"
the practices of whalemen soon convinced him that even Christians could be both miserable and wicked ; infinitely more so , than all his father ' s heathens .
Although much of the interior was still shrouded in scaffolding and plastic sheet , marble tiled floors , ceiling panels , twin escalators and the glass-domed roof gave a clear impression of what shoppers could look forward to . 
But she could n't help it ; the silent tears coursed out of her eyes and cascaded down her cheeks as she stared up at him , the betrayal wrenching at her heart . 
Handsome as he looked , they had never seen so clearly what was really hateful in his face ; and even then they could only express it by saying that the arched brows and the long emphatic chin gave it always a look of being lit from below , like the face of some infernal actor .
The mother ' s consternation was excessive ; but it could not surpass the alarm of the Miss Steeles , and every thing was done by all three , in so critical an emergency , which affection could suggest as likely to assuage the agonies of the little sufferer .
For centuries the North Atlantic nations dominated the world and as long as they did they could afford the luxury of fighting each other .
His attention settled on the ducks on the lake but whenever he got near they fled in panic to the shore and sheltered under bushes and trees where he could not reach them . 
She did not do any of it in the same way that she used ; I could see she was altered ; but , however , she seemed to _try_ to be very friendly , and we shook hands , and stood talking some time ; but I know no more what I said -- I was in such a tremble !-- I remember she said she was sorry we never met now ; which I thought almost too kind !
Boston fans sometimes liked to wring some wry satisfaction out of the fact that most of the great 1923-27 crew were graduates of the Red Sox -- sold to millionaires Huston and Ruppert by a man who could not deny them their most trifling desire .
Aslan's spectacular claims that she could add eight years to the average lifespan by means of procaine injections started a spate of clinical trials during 1959-1960, all of which were negative. 
There 's a very , very good chance that the person using a firearm will , will suffer injury because the barrel could well explode . 
Lizzy stared at her mother and Kate could see her trying to comprehend what was being said . 
Before one of them could move , the monstrous man had swung himself like some huge ourang - outang over the balustrade of the balcony .
the overweight charmer could slip poison into anyone's tea
but he defended the doctrine in The Art Of Happiness , and what indeed could be said against the Epicurean virtues , health , frugality , privacy , culture and friendship ? ?
QN : Could the outbreak of Marburg virus be stopped if infected people were isolated sooner ?
" But could not fasten ?"
Now the family 's fears had been proved groundless , the bungled pay-off could be dismissed as just another example of clumsy incompetence on the part of the police , the latest in a long list of blunders . 
As she got closer , she could see that each had one or two articles from various newspapers stuck to it . 
Then , one day he got a feeling inside him that nothing but crabs could satisfy : he felt that he must have at least one crab .
" On the contrary , nothing can be a stronger proof of it , Elinor ; for if there had been any real impropriety in what I did , I should have been sensible of it at the time , for we always know when we are acting wrong , and with such a conviction I could have had no pleasure ."
There are different hazards in different countries , and in this book I could not possibly cover every health and safety risk in every country of the world . 
One of the patients could not categorize the expression on faces that she was shown in photographs in terms of whether the expression was one of happiness , anger , surprise and so on . 
If you suspect he is taking an after-work breather with someone other than his employer , you could call the man and ask .
Now having a night , a day , and still another night following before me in New Bedford , ere I could embark for my destined port , it became a matter of concernment where I was to eat and sleep meanwhile .
Bush Administration officials have warned that Washington could use warplanes to shoot down Iraqi aircraft involved in the attacks on the south .
Worse , he told her that naturally he never used the lifts because if one were faulty he could be stuck a long time with no one to free him .
There 's some stuff that we could doin'tonight .
If the NTB is removed , the firm could increase exports and thereby expand output to Q2 which would reduce price to P2 . 
The bustle and joy of such an arrival , the many to be talked to , welcomed , encouraged , and variously dispersed and disposed of , produced a noise and confusion which his nerves could not have borne under any other cause , nor have endured much longer even for this ; but the ways of Hartfield and the feelings of her father were so respected by Mrs . John Knightley , that in spite of maternal solicitude for the immediate enjoyment of her little ones , and for their having instantly all the liberty and attendance , all the eating and drinking , and sleeping and playing , which they could possibly wish for , without the smallest delay , the children were never allowed to be long a disturbance to him , either in themselves or in any restless attendance on them .
He said a suggestion that he was a criminal overlord in Glasgow was nonsense and that he could not understand why he had a reputation as the godfather . 
` You had no right , no right at all , to cheat me like that , to con me into thinking I could trust you .
Anne could command herself enough to receive that look , and not repulsively .
The ten-foot-long cylindrical plastic balloon rises as trapped air is heated by the sun , and according to the blurb on its packaging , it could reach extraordinary altitudes " up to 30,000 feet if inadvertently released . 
The system of espionage in the asylum was so effective and complete that in practice the patients could often enjoy a sense of almost complete solitude .
It was so disgusting that we could not eat it , so we left the dining-room with empty stomachs .
She could have found out my first name , of course -- that wouldn't be difficult .
You could have saved the cartoonist 's fee by using the picture of the long-haired gentleman on page 1223 . 
To be Katharine Ross , and work in a nicer shop somewhere , at a little more money so she could have prettier clothes , and learn ladies' manners and all like that , and get to know different people than up to now , not just the ones like her here , with foreign-sounding names , the ones went to the same church and -- Different place , different job , different people , she'd be all different too .
By choosing suitable options , a student in virtually any institution of good standing could learn something of every one of them .
Or did it appear to be , because he could only focus on those moist lips , those piercing eyes ? 
The bombing , which could exacerbate ethnic tensions in the volatile Kirkuk region , came as Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri Maliki warned that more attacks were expected as U. S. soldiers exit urban centers .
He evidently could not actually see the corners of these objects , but their size and the dots gave them away .
Evan bent his angry eagle face over it ; yet something blurred it and he could never swear he saw it distinctly .
They , and the two large fans which I could dimly see as daylight filtered through their vents , down at the far end of the hall , could be turned on by a master switch situated inside the office .
HF-NL were cultured from five human lungs that arrived at our transplant center with the intention of being used for transplantation , but for various reasons could not be transplanted ; these were macroscopically and microscopically normal .
Dr Paisley could not foresee that he would be in gaol during the throes of a general election . 
I could taste sharp water in my lungs and nostrils , but I could breathe . 
If you ca n't get your own way or what you want by openly and honestly asking for it , do n't use sly or surreptitious methods because they could backfire and land you in the soup .
You see , they had all been afraid of Farmer Brown ' s boy for so long that they were tickled almost to pieces at the very thought of having some one in the Green Forest who could make Farmer Brown ' s boy feel fear as they had felt it .
The entire length of the street could be raked with rifle fire from this barn .
While fifty years before , Albert Goodwill Spalding , secretary of the Chicago Ball Club of the National League , could write earnestly to the manager of the Buffalo club and request a guarantee of one hundred dollars for a baseball game in August , in this Golden Era a game at the Yankee Stadium might bring in nearly a hundred thousand dollars at the gate .
She spread her towel over a cushion so that she could lean her damp , aching head against it , then shivered as she listened to the howl of the wind outside . 
The Master evidently meant to say more , but before he could say anything M . Durand had stepped right up to him and was speaking .
North Korea and the Soviet Union could only have drawn encouragement in the belief that America would most likely not act with vigour if North Korea moved against the south to reunify the peninsula . 
The pace could now be accelerated , for the inhabitants of the Aegean stood on firm ground .
Auditors would be required to keep records for five years , and they could be sentenced to up to 20 years in prison if they are found to have obstructed justice , for example , by shredding papers .
When I behold this goodly frame , this world , Of Heaven and Earth consisting ; and compute Their magnitudes ; this Earth , a spot , a grain , An atom , with the firmament compared And all her numbered stars , that seem to roll Spaces incomprehensible , ( for such Their distance argues , and their swift return Diurnal ,) merely to officiate light Round this opacous Earth , this punctual spot , One day and night ; in all her vast survey Useless besides ; reasoning I oft admire , How Nature wise and frugal could commit Such disproportions , with superfluous hand So many nobler bodies to create , Greater so manifold , to this one use , For aught appears , and on their orbs impose Such restless revolution day by day Repeated ; while the sedentary Earth , That better might with far less compass move , Served by more noble than herself , attains Her end without least motion , and receives , As tribute , such a sumless journey brought Of incorporeal speed , her warmth and light ; Speed , to describe whose swiftness number fails .
Captain Heard gave orders for the ship to be anchored in the Bay of Bengal until he could obtain the services of a reputable pilot to steer her through the shallow waters .
No , papa , I didn ' t mean about the law , but about the box ; because , if the man had taken it , how could it be here , you know , papa ?
Delegates could contribute valuable insight and comment based on their own experiences and expertise , and this went a long way towards creating LASMO 's HSE blueprint for 1993 and beyond .
Plus flawless skin , smooth brow and cheeks , lips that looked as if you could get a shock from them .
One farmer was livid that he could not go into his local National Park and chop wood for his barbecue . 
When they turned in the saddle they could see the men behind them , strung out on the prairie in a flat black line .
He should believe in her character , and not object to a past action she could not avoid .
Ramsey could grip the house by pouring ridicule into whatever he hated . 
Now Nichols 's mother could say , ` There goes my son the movie director . " 
Never had any week passed so quickly -- he could hardly believe it to be gone .
This picture , she had allowed herself to believe , might have been accidentally obtained ; it might not have been Edward ' s gift ; but a correspondence between them by letter , could subsist only under a positive engagement , could be authorised by nothing else ; for a few moments , she was almost overcome -- her heart sunk within her , and she could hardly stand ; but exertion was indispensably necessary ; and she struggled so resolutely against the oppression of her feelings , that her success was speedy , and for the time complete .
Even timid little Whitefoot the Wood Mouse was where he could peer out and see without being seen .
The coast seemed to be entirely rock on this side , but as the donkeys plodded higher she could see what looked like a replica of Lannah Cove on the southern tip of the island . 
But you could not have guessed it from Syme ' s bleak blue eyes .
But watching Mrs. Cyril Ring , Berniece Dalton Janssen , Mrs. Robert Jarvis , Mrs. Walter Adams order low-calorie seafood , no bread , I could see the Ziegfeld Girls of 1920 were determined to be glamorous grandmothers of 1961 .
But have I ever known it ?-- Well may it be doubted ; for , had I really loved , could I have sacrificed my feelings to vanity , to avarice ?-- or , what is more , could I have sacrificed hers ?-- But I have done it .
I was stupid to think that I could bring reason and truth into their lives and thoughts . 
On the second stairwell she could see the landlady peering from the doorway of the writer 's room , pink with anger . 
Foxbat could swipe satellites from the skies like irritant flies ; take the Russians leap-frogging ahead of the planned space shuttle programme . 
She could not carry him on her back , for he could not hold on .
He proceeded to the market , and he offered his fish with assiduity to every person whom he thought likely to buy it , especially to those upon whom he thought he could impose .
In front of him , behind the black group of his opponents , he could see , like a tinted cloud , a small almond bush in flower against the faint line of the sea .
Emma , who was not really at all frightened herself , tranquillised this excess of apprehension by assurances of Mrs . Goddard ' s experience and care ; but as there must still remain a degree of uneasiness which she could not wish to reason away , which she would rather feed and assist than not , she added soon afterwards -- as if quite another subject ,
Meanwhile , several other major installations around the Valley -- America 's center of high-tech -- said they , too , fared as well as could be expected .
( A group of students who were asked to read the poem " Lycidas " by John Milton could n't find it because it was " not in the catalogue " . 
A fool could see what was going on .
At the Reception Desk , no one , but she could hear voices from a part of the room that was out of sight . 
He could not meet her in conversation , rational or playful .
The lace , however , could not be had ; and Bell at length submitted to let the frock be put on .
The ` crust-mantle boundary " at a depth of 50 km on the nearside could be confined to mare basins , the result of the mare impacts . 
In fitting the Fourteenth Amendment to the reality of these diverse combinations , the Court could have insisted on stage six as the threshold of behavior included within the scope of the amendment , thus limiting the supervisory power of the federal courts to the official action of state officials .
That protection could only consist in his own predominating brain and heart and hand , backed by a heedful , closely calculating attention to every minute atmospheric influence which it was possible for his crew to be subjected to .
There was one fact which Rector could not overlook , one truth which he could not deny .
Roughly one-third of its stock is believed held by takeover stock traders , who could vote to oust the board if they become impatient .
Farmers , it was claimed , were basically honest people but their book keeping was not all that it should be which could result in some omissions due to carelessness . 
8 : 7 And I saw him come close unto the ram , and he was moved with choler against him , and smote the ram , and brake his two horns : and there was no power in the ram to stand before him , but he cast him down to the ground , and stamped upon him : and there was none that could deliver the ram out of his hand .
When the Dunner froze at low tide and you could skate from Odborough to Furness . 
Those elegant `` At Home '' cards she sent out , now she could wear her pretty clothes again , and had the house all trimmed up , hadn't brought many callers in two whole months .
' Not at first , perhaps ,' said the Hatter : ' but you could keep it to half - past one as long as you liked .'
That Scull had a tongue in it , and could sing once : how the knaue iowles it to th ' grownd , as if it were Caines Iaw - bone , that did the first murther : It might be the Pate of a Polititian which this Asse o ' re Offices : one that could circumuent God , might it not ?
The barons had sworn to uphold the cause of his granddaughter in Norway , but could a three-year-old girl rule Scotland ? 
At the end was an opening , now almost closed by the crowding trees and bushes , through which one could see the glimmer of the sea and the northernmost hill of the broch islet . 
No one farmer could possibly be qualified to advise on all the options , nor could he do more than skate over them in one volume . 
As the blow was given , Emma felt that she could not now shew greater kindness than in listening ; and Harriet , unchecked , ran eagerly through what she had to tell .
Perhaps indifferent , if indifference could exist under such circumstances .
He pressed hard and hot against her , his lips echoing the hunger she could sense in his body . 
Could annihilation occur to matter , this were the thing to do it .
With this advantage , then , To union , and firm faith , and firm accord , More than can be in Heaven , we now return To claim our just inheritance of old , Surer to prosper than prosperity Could have assured us ; and by what best way , Whether of open war or covert guile , We now debate .
But there was n't much to fear once you could see the enemy .
From the meadow edge , he could see the rear windows of the cabin . 
We could see maggots moving .
Any animal that could detect these waves would have a reliable indicator of weather changes ahead . 
She led the way along the back passages towards the small dressing-rooms and she could hear William 's well-soled boots clattering against the stone floor . 
But when endemic peasant resentment fused with numerous cross of resistance , the situation could easily get out of hand . 
" Oh , dear ," she sobbed , " I wish I could do things right !
They were to meet Mrs . Ferrars ; but Elinor could not learn whether her sons were to be of the party .
He did not really want to kill , but as in the sexual act , there was a moment when the impulse took over and could not be downed , even while you watched yourself giving way to it .
Almost 400 workers were involved in the stoppage which could hit production at the giant Dagenham plant in Essex which makes Fiestas and the Transit van factory in Southampton .
Father Mapple enjoyed such a wide reputation for sincerity and sanctity , that I could not suspect him of courting notoriety by any mere tricks of the stage .
The old man was shouting hoarsely , and someone a long way off was answering -- and running , too , for she could feel the vibration of rapid footsteps . 
The disproportion in their fortune was nothing ; it did not give her a moment ' s regret ; but to have no family to receive and estimate him properly , nothing of respectability , of harmony , of good will to offer in return for all the worth and all the prompt welcome which met her in his brothers and sisters , was a source of as lively pain as her mind could well be sensible of under circumstances of otherwise strong felicity .
She 'd been all set to enjoy being here , and had momentarily forgotten how taciturn her minder could be . 
It hadn ' t entered his head that it could be anybody who would eat those berries .
When he was n't teaching , Malik was usually on the phone , and you could hear him through the wall . 
they read every book that they could borrow in the village .
I am much concerned to find there was anything in my behaviour last night that did not meet your approbation ; and though I am quite at a loss to discover in what point I could be so unfortunate as to offend you , I entreat your forgiveness of what I can assure you to have been perfectly unintentional .
My perpetual influence could not begin earlier , or you would not have been so much out of humour before ."
Standing there so close , she could smell the unmistakably male fragrance of him , a scent so heady that it almost made her sway towards him . 
Seabrook officials said the plant could receive a full-power license by the end of the year .
in places you see it is dreadfully dirty ; and the wainscot is more yellow and forlorn than any thing I could have imagined ."
Bad is so bad , that we cannot but think good an accident ; good is so good , that we feel certain that evil could be explained .
Unscrupulous sellers could counterfeit virtually anything , and in many cases the fakes could be dangerous , said the Institute of Trading Standards Administration . 
It was a district of small factories and loft buildings and occasional tenements , and he could see the police radio car as he rounded the corner and slammed on the brakes .
She walked up the path and rang the bell , and while she stood waiting she could hear the television blaring inside . 
She could knock up an outfit in two hours . " 
Joy 's strawberry blonde hair did give her the look of a shop window dummy but under all her rouge and lipstick she could be decisive . 
I am no farmer , or perhaps I could understand how wheat and potatoes can be grown at the same time in Ireland .
No such fragment could have fallen there if the vessel had been smashed in the hand of a comparatively short man like Mr Todhunter ."
Soba , udon and tea were In because they could be taken noisily .
I am dead Horatio , wretched Queene adiew , You that looke pale , and tremble at this chance , That are but Mutes or audience to this acte : Had I but time ( as this fell Sergeant death Is strick ' d in his Arrest ) oh I could tell you .
Lady Russell loved them all ; but it was only in Anne that she could fancy the mother to revive again .
Sure enough , at the top , when he had found his way through a screen of brambles , he could see the tumbledown shed across an expanse of gardens . 
She did n't mean to , but she finally came to terms with the lateness of the hour with a yawn ; it was already happening before she could stop it . 
Army Maj. Nasir Khan said many of the youths were being trained as scouts to report on the movements of Pakistani troops so militants could place roadside bombs to inflict maximum damage .
She could not be silent when such points were introduced , and she had neither shyness nor reserve in their discussion .
Since he introduces so much modern music , I could not resist asking how he felt about it .
We could do with a swim at the hotel pool and maybe a sleep , but there was no time as our schedule was tight . 
She liked him , however , upon the whole , much better than she had expected , and in her heart was not sorry that she could like him no more ;-- not sorry to be driven by the observation of his Epicurism , his selfishness , and his conceit , to rest with complacency on the remembrance of Edward ' s generous temper , simple taste , and diffident feelings .
As I recall , he could n't print out documents of more than one page in length ; he had to send each page to the printer separately .
From the sixteenth century onwards , various improvements were made to increase the amount of grass and hay that could be produced from low-lying meadowland . 
Philip Miller could visit Whitton easily from Chelsea , travelling by boat to Twickenham and he seems to have known the garden well , often commenting on North American plants . 
How could I possibly forget , when you 're there beside me at every single turn ? "
That is , when Mr. Milstein thrust straight to the core of the music , sparks flying , bow shredding , violin singing , glittering and sometimes spitting , Mr. Hendl could go along .
Could you fill a syringe for me ?
Very often in the evening one could hear mysterious melodies issuing from some hidden corner of a hangar or a deserted office -- Sheila and Matthew having a flute practice . 
" You could not have visited me !"
Perhaps he could n't stand the thought of her being in the house all day , even though they rarely met ; and never , never since her mother died had they eaten together . 
And when he had stopped and the crowd had left , the hermit went and drew the man aside to a place where they could rest ; for he wanted more than anything else on earth to know what the man ' s soul was like , because what it was , his was .
She smothered her displeasure , however , till night ; when , as she attended her mistress ' toilette , she could not refrain from expressing her sentiments .
He was deep in water , but at least they could not reach him there .
I 'll need it for my missionary work in India , and you could help me to learn it by studying with me . 
It is possible that editing could be speeded up if some of these could be carried out by a facility that operated automatically , unless told not to . 
She could experience the pleasure of lovemaking with every nerve-ending in her body . 
Whatever may have changed him now , ( and nothing but the blackest art employed against me can have done it ), I was once as dear to him as my own soul could wish .
A red blind had been pulled down over the light , but pulled crookedly , so that it gaped on one side , and by risking his neck along a branch that looked as treacherous as a twig , Flambeau could just see Colonel Dubosc walking about in a brilliantly - lighted and luxurious bedroom .
The stranger who looked for the first time at the quaint red houses could only think how very oddly shaped the people must be who could fit in to them .
Her desire was never to see or speak to Ellen again but of course she could not allow herself such a luxurious vengeance . 
Jean-Pierre suggested : ` You could swing more to the north around Jalalabad . " 
Ron asked for secrecy so that he could sign another driver without its being known that he was truly needy . 
Drew admitted that they might well be correct as he could not remember . 
She attempted to restore some order to her tousled hair with her fingers , then stroked on a little blusher to counteract at least a little of her pallor ; but there was little she could do to repair the ravages of the night , and finally she turned away with a heavy sigh .
Second , it could screen its own infantry from the sight of the enemy .
But even when players could not freely sell their services on the open market , the richest teams still got the best players .
The following sections look at the outreach work that is taking place around the country to make the CAB more accessible to groups who could not otherwise easily reach a bureau .
Search as he might , he could find no place where the Bible spoke of a moment when Mary could have been alone with Jesus .
In particular , the area around the Arabian Gulf is an ideal site for a space launch centre that could , ultimately , rival anything in the developed world . 
" Thank you , sir -- I am sure you are --" There Franklin stopped short , for the recollection of all Mr . Spencer ' s goodness rushed upon him at once , and he could not say another word .
PREMIER John Major was ambushed by the Germans last night in a move which could force Britain off the road to European unity .
Would not , could not , would not , could not , could not join the dance .
Zhorik has also developed an interesting new style : huge sheets with paintings that recall Roy Lichenstein 's pictures but executed in a naïve , ethnic style that could be either Russian or New Guinean .
Those who could fly , flew .
The best I could manage was my Liberty silk dress with the fern print , a new pair of white silk stockings unearthed from the bottom of my case and my straw sun hat with a green ribbon . 
" We shall hear ," said Ben , with a degree of composure which Hal could by no means comprehend when a uniform was in question .
Nobody could doubt that the applications made by the applicant to the district judge were applications in a criminal cause , for their purpose was to determine the way in which the prosecution should proceed .
Had she tried to speak , or had she been conscious of half Mrs . Jennings ' s well - meant but ill - judged attentions to her , this calmness could not have been maintained ; but not a syllable escaped her lips ; and the abstraction of her thoughts preserved her in ignorance of every thing that was passing before her .
As the battle raged in the cloakrooms and caucuses , it became clear that Judge Smith could lose .
What better affirmative step could be taken to this end than repeal of the Connally amendment -- an act which could expose the United States to no practical risk yet would put an end to our self-judging attitude toward the court , enable us to utilize it , and advance in a tangible way the cause of international law and order ? ?
He was now esteemed quite worthy to address the daughter of a foolish , spendthrift baronet , who had not had principle or sense enough to maintain himself in the situation in which Providence had placed him , and who could give his daughter at present but a small part of the share of ten thousand pounds which must be hers hereafter .
She could not understand his present feelings , whether he were really suffering much from disappointment or not ; and till that point were settled , she could not be quite herself .
Our hypothetical Ann could eat her packet of peanuts , for example , if she added three half-hour swims to her weekly routine . 
This is the time when patients are assessed and nurses have an opportunity to decide whether a patient has particular problems which could endanger personal safety .
What could possibly express your philosophy and my philosophy better than the shape of that cross and the shape of this ball ?
Assume it , and it follows that if all the blood in a man could be aerated with one breath , he might then seal up his nostrils and not fetch another for a considerable time .
In her publicity photographs she could , he recalled , look beautiful in a somewhat intimidating , intellectual and very English mould . 
She said that she could afford to wait for her money till Mary was able to pay it ; that she knew her to be an honest , industrious little girl , and she would trust her with more than a guinea .
Occasionally he would look across the aisle at Margaret , fourteen and demure in a fresh green organdy dress , sitting in the sixth-grade row , and he could hardly believe she would do what Charles had said she did .
Scientists say it is the last spewings of a great glacier , but one rather feels that only a malevolent giant could have piled up those crouching monsters of granite which still seem to preserve a sort of suspended , ominous life in them .
She wished with all her heart that she could turn around and go back , depart from this unprepossessing , even frightening place before ever she discovered what awaited her within its mouldering walls . 
The desire to satisfy friends could , on occasion , prove embarrassing to a patron if the manifest incapacity of their candidate was disclosed . 
He faked much of his struggle with the gangsters , and failed in his wartime duty to fight imminent subversion ; after the war , his genius was to stir up subversion he could quash . 
Sir John , could not have thought it possible .
THESE assured him that his exertion had produced an increase of good - will towards himself , and THESE gave Elinor hopes of its being farther augmented hereafter ; but Mrs . Jennings , who knew nothing of all this , who knew only that the Colonel continued as grave as ever , and that she could neither prevail on him to make the offer himself , nor commission her to make it for him , began , at the end of two days , to think that , instead of Midsummer , they would not be married till Michaelmas , and by the end of a week that it would not be a match at all .
" No , not all ," answered Marianne ; " we could not be more unfortunately situated ."
and I have heard many say that they are content to earn a half or a third as much as they could up North because they so much prefer the quieter habits of their home town .
Lily was awake at six , trembly with excitement , but she made herself lie still beside her sleeping husband until she could see by the little alarm clock on his bedside table that it was seven .
I think I could walk round him .
Straining his eyes , he could just make out the two boxes which were stacked in the far corner of the room and a picture frame which was propped up against them . 
She held Lizzie 's paw , looked into her big , brown eyes , wishing Lizzie could live forever . 
One girl whispered that she could n't tell anyone at home , because they used drugs . 
Sometimes Emmie woke feeling empty and lethargic as if everything had been drained out of her ; other mornings , she could hardly wait to get out of bed and begin the day . 
joy !-- I always said the truth would come out at last ; and that he could not take our good name from us .
" If I had not persuaded Harriet into liking the man , I could have borne any thing .
His hands rested on her shoulders and she could feel the warmth of them through the coarse material of her bodice . 
Every plane that could fly was sent into the air .
Two such actions , both filed earlier this year in Georgia state court in Atlanta , could be particularly embarrassing to the industry : both name J. Chandler Peterson , an Atlanta financial planner who is a founder and past chairman of the IAFP , as defendant .
Jessamy prized her privacy far too much , she could n't bear to have a pack of journalists prying into every corner of her life . 
The lines , of which , hardly an instant before , not one hand ' s breadth could have been gained , were now in long quick coils flung back all dripping into the boats , and soon the whale broke water within two ship ' s lengths of the hunters .
He knew that in this mood he could not be stopped .
Pale plain loose covers could be dyed a different , darker colour and occasional chairs changed round with old ones relegated to another room in the house .
" Thank ye , neighbour , kindly ; the larches are coming on tolerably well , that ' s certain ; and here ' s to your good health , Mr . Grant -- you and yours , not forgetting your , what dye call ' em raspberries "--( drinks )-- and , after a pause , resumes , " I ' m not apt to be a beggar , neighbour , but if you could give me --"
The Section 89 victory could have a downside by making it harder to oppose lawmakers on other health proposals .
It was more than any self - respecting Bear could stand .
In a week when government figures showed that cases of people infected with the Aids virus are now increasing at a rate of almost five a day , one could see their point . 
It could be argued that such questions are of little value as respondents may be unwilling to label themselves as being in poor health .
Police helmets could be seen bobbing above the crowd as a small corps of police officers attempted to force their way through to rescue Clasper from the hands of the mob . 
So I made no mention of air transport until we could get at least some of it '' .
And having gone through what immediately followed of the basis of their disagreement , and his persisting to act in direct opposition to Jane Fairfax ' s sense of right , he made a fuller pause to say , " This is very bad .-- He had induced her to place herself , for his sake , in a situation of extreme difficulty and uneasiness , and it should have been his first object to prevent her from suffering unnecessarily .-- She must have had much more to contend with , in carrying on the correspondence , than he could .
She could even hear the little lizards darting on scratchy little claws among the bougainvillaea on the low ornamental wall . 
Over the years , he had had buddies in space in whom he thought he could confide .
She hated how she sounded , but she could n't seem to snap out of it . 
He also made it clear that in his view a lasting political settlement could only be achieved when the Algerian people made their wishes known through the ballot box . 
How could anyone know what to do with an assortment like that ? ?
And drawing him a little aside , she whispered her persuasion that Lucy could not stay much longer .
Elinor was to be the comforter of others in her own distresses , no less than in theirs ; and all the comfort that could be given by assurances of her own composure of mind , and a very earnest vindication of Edward from every charge but of imprudence , was readily offered .
A variety of occupations , of objects , and of company , which could not be procured at Barton , would be inevitable there , and might yet , she hoped , cheat Marianne , at times , into some interest beyond herself , and even into some amusement , much as the ideas of both might now be spurned by her .
Archer , who well knew the effect which the apprehension of a scarcity would have upon his associates , did everything that could be done by a bold countenance and reiterated assertions to persuade them that his cousins would certainly come at last and that the supplies were only delayed .
With the range of cultivated varieties now available you could be picking blackberries from August to November .
And Harold could not abide young women though of course he was too polite to manifest dislike , even of trendy young women .
The pony/horse could have a stable and rugs , these items are a necessity for the highly bred horse but not essential for the hardy ponies .
13 : 23 In those days also saw I Jews that had married wives of Ashdod , of Ammon , and of Moab : 13 : 24 And their children spake half in the speech of Ashdod , and could not speak in the Jews ' language , but according to the language of each people .
He lobbied as hard as he could -- he seemed tireless and undaunted even to me -- but it was an uphill struggle .
Initially , the Argentine government said the sale could go through if Iran signed a safeguards agreement with the IAEA within forty days .
While admitting the enormous truth of this statement , one could at the same time say that the number of song writers who never discover themselves is also enormous . 
Perhaps to avoid taking anything home from the bothy at all , you could stick a candle in some old bacon fat , or a UHT milk carton . 
9 : 7 But into the second went the high priest alone once every year , not without blood , which he offered for himself , and for the errors of the people : 9 : 8 The Holy Ghost this signifying , that the way into the holiest of all was not yet made manifest , while as the first tabernacle was yet standing : 9 : 9 Which was a figure for the time then present , in which were offered both gifts and sacrifices , that could not make him that did the service perfect , as pertaining to the conscience ; 9 : 10 Which stood only in meats and drinks , and divers washings , and carnal ordinances , imposed on them until the time of reformation .
I could observe the two fans down at the end , but their size in themselves meant nothing to me as long as I had no measure of comparison .
was Mr . Woodhouse ' s first exclamation , and all that he could say for some time .
This was a particularly dangerous practice at this station as trains approaching on the down line could not be seen until they were 40 yards from the station due to a bend and a road bridge . 
The realization that this is no future at all could finally bring about radical change , which is still within our grasp .
Now when I looked about the quarter - deck , for some one having authority , in order to propose myself as a candidate for the voyage , at first I saw nobody ; but I could not well overlook a strange sort of tent , or rather wigwam , pitched a little behind the main - mast .
And in spite of the Chief Whip 's creditable showing , Earle could not believe that Urquhart would succeed because he had no senior Cabinet experience of running any great Department of State , and at the end of the day experience really counted for the top job . 
Whether that mark was born with him , or whether it was the scar left by some desperate wound , no one could certainly say .
Depending on your interpretation he was either cleverly biding his time , or drifting , baffled as to how he could top his past work . 
" If he could stay only a couple of days , he ought to come ; and one can hardly conceive a young man ' s not having it in his power to do as much as that .
Alan could n't see any way to turn back now , but in any case , he was regaining strength .
If the crummy bastard could write ! !
He pressed his face into the pillow to conceal the sound of a sobbing he could not control . 
3 : 19 So we see that they could not enter in because of unbelief .
I felt great when Mrs Smith said I looked pretty and that I could keep the dress . 
He opened another button on his shirt , and she could see his thick , matted chest hair . 
The contract provided by the vast acres of farm land , the small market towns , the noble city of York , National Parks and seaside resorts , could hardly be more varied .
To Marianne it had all the distinguishing tenderness which a lover ' s heart could give , and to the rest of the family it was the affectionate attention of a son and a brother .
Television had postponed Manchester United 's scheduled visit to Anfield so it could be shown live on 22 December , the longest night . 
1 : 22 And when he came out , he could not speak unto them : and they perceived that he had seen a vision in the temple : for he beckoned unto them , and remained speechless .
Before 1974 , a President could `` impound , '' or refuse to spend , funds appropriated by Congress .
He made claims to be an authority on Africa , and I could not help suspecting that subconsciously he felt that an incompetent ignoramus had invaded his territory. 
Last month , Department of Justice lawyers said that US military personnel could track down and apprehend drug traffickers abroad . 
She could hear voices on the path behind them , and she could hear every word they were saying . 
said the Professor with the elderly manner that he could never disconnect from his bleached beard and parchment face .
It was so totally unexpected that she could hardly comprehend it .
The workshop participants rightly urge caution in setting national standards for outpatient waiting times , in favour of targets which could ` allow differential rates of progress . " 
The more she thought about it , the more she realised that , as usual , she had let her actions rush ahead faster than her mind could follow . 
Last year a team at the University of Pittsburgh unveiled a medical artificial intelligence project called Internist , which could beat most doctors at diagnosing internal diseases .
Thus , enzymatic reactions or rearrangement of components in the cytosol could occur for some time during fixation .
He warned that the affair could have a lasting effect on bilateral relations . 
Who could have seen through such thick - headed nonsense ?
This most afflicts me , that , departing hence , As from his face I shall be hid , deprived His blessed countenance : Here I could frequent With worship place by place where he vouchsafed Presence Divine ; and to my sons relate , ' On this mount he appeared ; under this tree ' Stood visible ; among these pines his voice ' I heard ; here with him at this fountain talked : So many grateful altars I would rear Of grassy turf , and pile up every stone Of lustre from the brook , in memory , Or monument to ages ; and theron Offer sweet - smelling gums , and fruits , and flowers : In yonder nether world where shall I seek His bright appearances , or foot - step trace ?
For three years , since the liquor territorial conference , Torrio had , with his elastic patience , and because he knew that retaliation could cause only violent warfare and disaster to business , tolerated O'Banion's impudent double-crossing .
Did he really think his behaviour to date could be called ` keeping an eye on her " ? she thought in astonishment . 
I suppose the most annoying thing was that I could n't stop saying ` sorry " all the time . 
It was as much as she could do , lying down on one side , to look through into the garden with one eye ; but to get through was more hopeless than ever : she sat down and began to cry again .
He left with a sense of champagne in his head , which he could not afterwards explain .
At this point I could no longer contain my curiosity and rushed through to see what he looked like as he said it , thinking of all the teachers I know who would cherish these rare kind words . 
Many of my friends at the time thought that I had received a well-deserved condemnation when Lincoln Steffens denounced me in a review of one of my books as a perfect example of the obsolete man who could understand and sympathize only with the dead past .
The growing propensity to sample bodily fluids for contraband chemicals has engendered a bitter legal struggle over an employee 's right of privacy , a conflict which could spread to Europe along with fear of ` crack . " 
He settled into the new way of life and rarely thought about Manchester , a place where he could not recollect the sun ever shining . 
Perhaps the police had n't searched in there ; if not , they could have missed a vital clue after all . 
Bertha would have been sent the message that she could go hopping sideways -- while she herself would have been told to get down the road and out of his sight . 
" And so , ma ' am , all these thing considered ," said Mrs Musgrove , in her powerful whisper , " though we could have wished it different , yet , altogether , we did not think it fair to stand out any longer , for Charles Hayter was quite wild about it , and Henrietta was pretty near as bad ; and so we thought they had better marry at once , and make the best of it , as many others have done before them .
But what could I do ? ?
Hoomey scooted to his feet , but several interested parties moved in to deal with Jazz before he could make a tactful retreat . 
( Presumably they could rule out a really hot date . )
No doubt computers will be utilized to manage and track the inevitable masses of information and to provide comparative fitness testing data on what could be a pool of more than 100 players in the three categories . 
Miners are thus a high risk group for the development of gastric cancer and gastroscopic screening could give a significant yield of early gastric cancers .
Theodore 's career reveals that even a good bishop could be powerless in a city where there were too many other interests . <ptr t=HY0CA00X>
Then we could go to his place and learn to sledge . 
This list could certainly be extended , but it is sufficient to indicate the deep and wide-ranging impact that the Council had , or should have had , on both theology and practice . 
So it wouldn't be for days or even a week before you could do anything .
They demanded that everybody get out of their way so they could launch their boat , while people who 'd been there for the best of the tide were already bringing their craft out .
Before he could reply , Doreen reached their side , her hands outstretched to clutch Silas 's arm as she sent glances of suspicion from one to the other . 
In any event Rector sent him to the local hospital to have it checked , telling him to keep his ears open while he was in the village to see if he could find out what Kayabashi was planning .
But as I have always had a thoroughly good opinion of Miss Fairfax , I never could , under any blunder , have spoken ill of her ; and as to speaking ill of him , there I must have been safe ."
For the school year , 1959-1960 , the Prince Edward County ( Virginia ) Board of Supervisors voted not to provide funds for public education , and the school board therefore could provide no public education -- for white or Negro children .
My poor mother , I am sure , could n't determine whether to commend my prudence or berate me for my lack of romance . 
KSM knew that the successful staging of such an attack would require personnel , money , and logistical support that only an extensive and well-funded organization like al Qaeda could provide .
Or of a Courtier , which could say , Good Morrow sweet Lord : how dost thou , good Lord ?
He was invited to contribute any really good enigmas , charades , or conundrums that he might recollect ; and she had the pleasure of seeing him most intently at work with his recollections ; and at the same time , as she could perceive , most earnestly careful that nothing ungallant , nothing that did not breathe a compliment to the sex should pass his lips .
The only dish she made that we could tolerate was syrup tart , which we praised extravagantly , with the result that it became our unhealthy staple diet . 
The plan had reached this point , when Anne , coming quietly down from Louisa ' s room , could not but hear what followed , for the parlour door was open .
Mr. Conway said the Fox shows appearing on nights when Paramount-MCA shows would n't be offered could be promoted on the programs produced by Paramount-MCA .
This was not altruism on the part of the brewers , but was born out of a realisation that preserving the best of their heritage could make them money . 
It was an all-male affair and each delegate wore a lettered , white disc pinned to his lapel which Wycliffe could not read . 
By 1995 , however , 26 out of 56 known , active international terrorist groups could be classified as religious in character and / or motivation .
When the wind was south-westerly , and it usually was , they made the hearth at the north end of the house so that the smoke could filter out through the stones . 
you answer as discreetly as she could do herself .
But he _had_ said hateful things , he _had_ chosen to sit in a tree which stood quite by itself , and Buster Bear _could_ climb !
If he held his hand over a flowering plant , he could sense in himself the healing properties of that flower . 
They could not avoid criticism but they could usually ignore it . 
We could look for the gamma rays that the primordial black holes emit during most of their lifetime . 
That incredible empire dominated the world and I imagine it did not seem possible to people living then that anyone could loosen that empire 's grip on humanity .
Had it done so , the blot on its escutcheon would have remained indelible , nor could the Harvard Divinity School assemble today to honor Parker's insurgence other than by getting down on its collective knees and crying `` peccavi '' .
Help has come partly from donations , but cash for a resistance movement in a drawn out conflict could come from the Kuwait investment office ; it has a hundred billion dollars in foreign assets . 
What possible motive could this round , friendly , most amiable of men have for murder ? 
O God , I could be bounded in a nutshell , and count my selfe a King of infinite space ; were it not that I haue bad dreames
Yet this man found himself unloved , in that he demanded so much from his friends that he could not find a close , enduring relationship to satisfy him . 
The next thing was to eat the comfits : this caused some noise and confusion , as the large birds complained that they could not taste theirs , and the small ones choked and had to be patted on the back .
The cruelty of Mrs . Jennings no language , within her reach in her moments of happiest eloquence , could have expressed ; and now she could reproach her only by the tears which streamed from her eyes with passionate violence -- a reproach , however , so entirely lost on its object , that after many expressions of pity , she withdrew , still referring her to the letter of comfort .
She ran down two floors and through the foyer , past the goldfish that were swimming round and round as if they could n't stop . 
The Man had taken his jacket off and was holding it out in front of him and all of them could see what he intended to do . 
I never knew you , Yet I think I could not refuse this moment to die for you , if that would save you .
Could the ambassador himself be the man on this side the prime minister feared ? ?
From the lioness' point of view , this strange creature on the back of another creature , lashing out with its long thin paw , very likely appeared as something she could not at first cope with .
householders who had been unable to pick up the burden of short-term high-interest mortgages found they could borrow for twenty-five years at 4 per cent , under government aegis .
Alice thought the whole thing very absurd , but they all looked so grave that she did not dare to laugh ; and , as she could not think of anything to say , she simply bowed , and took the thimble , looking as solemn as she could .
The other two started and shrank farther back into the shadow of the wall , for the sturdy figure of their runaway principal could indeed be seen shuffling along in the twilight in front , a bag in each hand .
There will then be another round of letters , known as ` reasoned opinions " , after which , if no deal is struck , the matter could have to go to the European Court of Justice .
We could n't have guessed it was a tramp smoking a pipe . " 
45 : 1 Then Joseph could not refrain himself before all them that stood by him ; and he cried , Cause every man to go out from me .
So his parents had colluded in persuading Edwin that there was a worthwhile job he could still do . 
She could take care of herself and her ambulatory half , in any situation already recorded in the annals of Central Worlds and any situation its most fertile minds could imagine .
It followed an inquiry after a court case last year when the company was fined £1800 for allowing drivers to break rules on the number of hours they could drive . 
It was transient : cleared away in an instant ; but Anne could imagine she read there the consciousness of having , by some complication of mutual trick , or some overbearing authority of his , been obliged to attend ( perhaps for half an hour ) to his lectures and restrictions on her designs on Sir Walter .
So had these cunning little creatures marked out their pathway to food with a species-specific street lamp system that only they could perceive ? 
Hope looked keenly at the man , held his gaze a moment -- a glance which could have ruled a line straight from eye to eye -- and then snapped to attention . 
Given the bulk of the Emperor and the weight of its weaponry , it could not actually run , yet it could certainly lumber forward more quickly . 
By then his eyes and hands were swelling , he was feeling nauseous and could not lie down at night because of the pain in his back . 
He could have spent his life wreathed in cow-breath ,
The telephone number for the charity in Shelton , Conn. , has been disconnected , and the former officials could n't be located .
All normal subjects could control their external sphincter at will , producing a rise in pressure ( maximum squeeze pressure = 238 ( 18 ) cmH 2 O ) and an increase in electromyographic activity of the external sphincter .
John Denver was adept at metal work and could earn : 7s. : 6d. for making powder cans . 
on their slates , and she could even make out that one of them didn ' t know how to spell ' stupid ,' and that he had to ask his neighbour to tell him .
The necessity for the complete displacement of Capitalism by public ownership having gone , Empirical Socialism could well embrace the mixed economy .
He said the fumes could have proved fatal to someone on their own or an older person . 
Harriet had not been at home ; but a note had been prepared and left for her , written in the very style to touch ; a small mixture of reproach , with a great deal of kindness ; and till Mr . Elton himself appeared , she had been much occupied by it , continually pondering over what could be done in return , and wishing to do more than she dared to confess .
If the Southerners were sufficiently aroused , they could very well cut the Kennedy legislative program to ribbons from their vantage point of committee chairmanships , leaving Sam Rayburn leading a truncated , unworkable party .
" I have very often wished to undeceive yourself and my mother ," added Elinor ; " and once or twice I have attempted it ;-- but without betraying my trust , I never could have convinced you ."
Indeed , p53 controls the low-level damage-dependent premeiotic checkpoint which facilitates DNA repair during spermatogenesis [ 25 ] . Gametogenesis is inherently error-prone [ 26 ] and subject to mutations [ 27 ] . Nevertheless , it is imperative to avoid genotoxic complications that could become integrated into the germline .
You could hear them wailing above the noise of the aircraft . " 
The business of self - command she settled very easily ;-- with strong affections it was impossible , with calm ones it could have no merit .
" They had already spent a week in this manner in Conduit Street , and Lady Middleton could not be displeased at their giving the same number of days to such near relations ."
In either case , it could call a special session of the Legislature later in 1961 to make another stab at raising additional revenues through a tax raiser .
No psychiatrist could tell me that the experience in a war can not have its effect in the ensuing years .
If found guilty Mr Howard and Mr Clarke could be fined and ordered to pay court costs . 
This character could break him in half .
Wading through the stream of overwhelmingly affectionate obituaries , I could not find a single phrase to support the view that Mr P ever had the slightest interest in the games that people play . 
In the reproductive area it could be readily observed that all felt freer to discuss things than students had previously in `` mixed '' marital status sections .
But this could not be done without noise , especially the last , and hearing it the defenders lit first torches and then large beacons along the walls and opened up with their guns .
But not so did it seem to Ahab , who knew the sets of all tides and currents ; and thereby calculating the driftings of the sperm whale ' s food ; and , also , calling to mind the regular , ascertained seasons for hunting him in particular latitudes ; could arrive at reasonable surmises , almost approaching to certainties , concerning the timeliest day to be upon this or that ground in search of his prey .
Before July , pro-choice voters could safely make political decisions without focusing narrowly on abortion .
Old sores could be healed by the constant application of a wash made of equal parts vinegar and water .
It could take place tomorrow night , or it might occur months from now .
I have seen you all this week dabbling with paste and rags ; I could not conceive what you were about .
Indeed , it could be a non-lethal weapon -- one that evicts the enemy without killing him . 
Some wore only frilly drawers and black camisoles so you could see their bare thighs on which they wore fancy garters and suspenders . 
Darkness was falling and the huge pane of glass was a black rectangle in which he could see their faces reflected , like the gaunt , disembodied heads of night travellers in a lighted railway carriage .
He would have to leave the church of course , but they could move away . 
Provided the Soviet regime could ensure its short-term survival , there would be time for the German revolution to bring political and material relief to the Soviet federation . 
He was also utterly allergic to the suggestion that de Gaulle or anybody else could have legitimacy until the French people had expressed their preferences in democratic fashion . 
Before I could do this someone snatched my handbag and made off with it . 
I could n't find the entrance to the restaurant that night for a start , and I spent the first half hour of the evening circling the outside of the building looking for a way in -- in full view of all the diners .
The front part of my head was called a face , and I could talk with it .
He estimated it could take a day for a computer security manager to expunge the virus from a computer system .
They lay months away from the nearest Earth star by jump drive , and no one knew what they were good for , although it was felt that they would probably be good for something if it could only be discovered -- much like the continent of Antarctica in ancient history .
She must not appear to think it a misfortune .-- With all the spirits she could command , she prepared him first for something strange , and then , in a few words , said , that if his consent and approbation could be obtained -- which , she trusted , would be attended with no difficulty , since it was a plan to promote the happiness of all -- she and Mr . Knightley meant to marry ; by which means Hartfield would receive the constant addition of that person ' s company whom she knew he loved , next to his daughters and Mrs . Weston , best in the world .
In Britain , there had to be the recognition that a problem existed long before that problem could be effectively tackled ; American businessmen had already reached this point and had gone beyond it .
A truly interactive system ( after Rumelhart and McClelland 's parallel distributed processing model of word perception ) could use higher level information to reject unsuitable candidate words . 
Anne felt that she did not belong to the conversation , and yet , as Captain Harville seemed thoughtful and not disposed to talk , she could not avoid hearing many undesirable particulars ; such as , " how Mr Musgrove and my brother Hayter had met again and again to talk it over ; what my brother Hayter had said one day , and what Mr Musgrove had proposed the next , and what had occurred to my sister Hayter , and what the young people had wished , and what I said at first I never could consent to , but was afterwards persuaded to think might do very well ," and a great deal in the same style of open - hearted communication : minutiae which , even with every advantage of taste and delicacy , which good Mrs Musgrove could not give , could be properly interesting only to the principals .
He , thought Prince Otto , could have no real reason for refusing to give up the gold .
Edward had two thousand pounds , and Elinor one , which , with Delaford living , was all that they could call their own ; for it was impossible that Mrs . Dashwood should advance anything ; and they were neither of them quite enough in love to think that three hundred and fifty pounds a - year would supply them with the comforts of life .
They could not conceive who the old man was who had led them ; but it was quite enough that he had certainly led them to the carriages .
He was trying to undermine her self-confidence , make her believe she could n't stand up to the exigencies of canal life .
BP , ICL , IBM , Volvo , British Gas in Wales , British Telecom in the South-west , and a clutch of local authorities , many of which had led the way , had all shown it could be done , with Ford announcing its partial ban recently . 
After the sad impatient moment , waiting for comfort which could not come , she slipped out of bed and went to the open window .
She could see a flicker of fire , Wynne-Jones 's fire . 
Donna could feel perspiration soaking into her blouse and droplets beading on her forehead . 
A most interesting finding of this article is that plant growth is irregular , which could explain some of the apparent errors of the instrument designed here . 
In a later experiment , Albin found that brain injury could be five times greater when the damage was accompanied by a blood alcohol level of 200 micrograms per decilitre , twice the legal limit in the US . 
I had not considered that my excessive intimacy must have its danger of ill consequence in many ways ; and that I had no right to be trying whether I could attach myself to either of the girls , at the risk of raising even an unpleasant report , were there no other ill effects .
If he thought she was going to be a nice little stepsister he could think again ! 
" He has only two thousand pounds of his own ; it would be madness to marry upon that , though for my own part , I could give up every prospect of more without a sigh .
Nobody but yourself could imagine such a thing possible .
Clearly individuals could survive at a low standard of physical efficiency and in housing which to those accustomed to greater comfort was grossly overcrowded and substandard . 
He could dodge two coppers in a car easily . 
What could have flustered the normally imperturbable Nan Ho ? 
MOGADISHU , Saturday ( AP ) --- One of Somalia 's most powerful war lords on Saturday lamented the withdrawal of U.N. peacekeeping troops before a political settlement could be reached .
Oh , brother , she can do anything ; and she could make the best plum - pudding in the whole world , I ' m sure , in a minute , if it were necessary ."
Meanwhile , Sammy Jay was slipping silently through the Green Forest , looking for Buster Bear , so that when the time came he could let his cousin , Blacky the Crow , know just where Buster was .
as long as she could do nothing constructive about the situation she was in , she would think about something else .
Luis Carlos , knowing that helping the Americans could advance the career of any Panamanian officer , relayed Tony 's reports on the leftist tendencies he observed among his fellow students and , more important , among his officers and instructors .
Towards the end of the 1980s there was a growing awareness that children could be sexually abused not only by an individual acting on his or her own , but also by adults acting in concert . 
Her narration was clear and simple ; and though it could not be given without emotion , it was not accompanied by violent agitation , nor impetuous grief .-- THAT belonged rather to the hearer , for Marianne listened with horror , and cried excessively .
Warplanes could be heard circling over Ajdabiya on Tuesday , but there was no immediate indication they had attacked government positions in the city .
I would destroy the world if I could ."
The Members could still try to serve their constituents with special-interest goodies , but the police -LRB- in the form of a President -RRB- would be there with a straitjacket if they really get crazy , as they do now .
It was a question of saving what could be saved , and retreating in as good order as possible . 
An elderly lady could n't stop crying as the Big Man paced through her small Devonshire village . 
These effects may counteract the profibrotic effects seen with TXA 2 and it is possible that an alteration of a `` normal '' physiologic balance between PGI 2 and TXA 2 could increase tendency towards fibrogenesis .
In Sacramento , a transportation department spokesman said he could n't immediately confirm or deny existence of the test work .
At nineteen Shallot was virtuous , a prosperous man soon to be a merchant prince who would show both Master Benjamin and the great Wolsey that he could rise without their help . 
Christianity is a thing that could only make you vomit , till you are other than you are .
` They could all fall back on well paid jobs . 
We could spend that money , you know , for starving children that are starving or twelve million other things would be more useful than that .
She looked back as well as she could ; but it was all confusion .
We could hear them banging about , shifting things and wondered nervously if we were in for another move . 
As reported in the local press on July 18 , Fajgembaum had suggested ( i ) that if the government wished to obtain a $2,000 million extended IMF loan it should eliminate a constitutional law guaranteeing individual states a share of federal tax income ; and ( ii ) that inflation could only be sharply reduced if the federal deficit were reduced .
I still could n't grasp that he understood the particular use I made of such ` consistent convolutions " .
Emma could not doubt .
Away to their left , the bank sloped down again into clumps of alder , among which the stream could be heard chattering over gravel . 
How could she possibly know that he was wading in blood from a self-inflicted wound ? 
The NYT is more firm about saying that if this is indeed the case it could be a severe setback for gene therapy .
She could n't help thinking , though , that the freshly baked scones reminded her of Mrs Maybury 's delicious home-made cake . 
Anyone could have typed that message and his initial , she realised with dismay . 
the particle would then move toward the nose , where it could be wiped out with a wisp of cotton .
Prize systems could be designed to be fairly similar to the current system , with big payoffs for successful entrepreneurs , but even with this approach , there would be huge opportunities to improve welfare .
He decided to put it as gently as he possibly could .
` Well , I could make it werf yer while , " she said fluttering her eyelashes at him . 
The shelves are full of wonderful food at this time of year and I thought of how I could binge and throw up all day long . 
Emma could not speak the name of Dixon without a little blush .
He could feel his heart thudding furiously and hoped desperately that he 'd succeeded in making his voice sound casual . 
cried Bull , " I never knew an elephant could go so fast .
Before she could utter the cry of alarm which rose in her throat his hand had closed over her mouth , and Paige 's startled eyes blinked at him over the top . 
Now it occurred to the basket - woman that this man had cheated the children out of the guinea to pay for the larks and claret ; and she thought that perhaps she could discover the truth .
Could Egypt , he asks , allow nations sharing the watershed of the Nile to disrupt the river 's flow , the lifeblood of its economy ? 
Lucifer made an angry movement and opened his mouth to speak , but Michael , with all his air of deliberation , was proceeding before he could bring out a word .
You could hear them from our outpost .
Even the president 's doctor , Burton Lee , has said on the record that he 'd love to be surgeon general but could n't pass the pro-life test .
Alice felt so desperate that she was ready to ask help of any one ; so , when the Rabbit came near her , she began , in a low , timid voice , ' If you please , sir --' The Rabbit started violently , dropped the white kid gloves and the fan , and skurried away into the darkness as hard as he could go .
Therefore she said not one more word about her shitty father , but only listened , sharing in what she knew was a moment in his life he could never forget . 
" If we were in the other room ," said Emma , " if I had my writing - desk , I am sure I could produce a specimen .
I could see that it had been an upsetting experience . 
So saying , he drew nigh , and to me held , Even to my mouth of that same fruit held part Which he had plucked ; the pleasant savoury smell So quickened appetite , that I , methought , Could not but taste .
She could not help but wonder what he would be doing now ; could he be wrapped in the arms of Sarah Miller , putting Eline completely out of his thoughts ? 
In 1982 they could desert Mr Schmidt for Mr Kohl because they and the Christian Democrats together had a majority in the Bundestag , the lower house . 
Harriet was soon back again , and the proposal almost immediately made ; and she had no scruples which could stand many minutes against the earnest pressing of both the others .
Ioannidis suggests how studies could be designed from the outset to increase their chances of producing true results .
Economically , Martin said , the United States could best help foreign countries by helping them help themselves .
He then sold her some capsules that he asserted would take care of the tumors and cysts until she could collect the money for buying his machine .
How could he be kind one moment and cruel the next ? ?
Stross could have written a fabulous book about how Microsoft 's meritocracy produced a perfect monopoly , out of sheer grit and the love bestowed upon it s team of managers by America 's mutual funds ( their fondness for Microsoft stock yielded a price that allowed the company , with it s handsome stock - option compensation program , to hold on to it s best , most talented players ) .
When the old harper was so tired that he could play no more , a lad , who usually carried his harp for him , and who was within call , came up , and held his master ' s hat to the company , saying , " Will you be pleased to remember us ?"
` Yes , " she countered abruptly , hugging her arms round herself , wishing she could sprout wings and fly somewhere private to live down her intense humiliation . 
7 : 9 After this I beheld , and , lo , a great multitude , which no man could number , of all nations , and kindreds , and people , and tongues , stood before the throne , and before the Lamb , clothed with white robes , and palms in their hands ; 7 : 10 And cried with a loud voice , saying , Salvation to our God which sitteth upon the throne , and unto the Lamb .
You could say that to me now , now that I understand how much you loved me , now that I have suffered , now that I am a better person . 
She also stored food in there like a hamster , and sometimes , when least expected , her head would snake back inside her covering and the crunch of crisps or the slurp of a boiled sweet could be heard .
She had already satisfied herself that he thought Harriet a beautiful girl , which she trusted , with such frequent meetings at Hartfield , was foundation enough on his side ; and on Harriet ' s there could be little doubt that the idea of being preferred by him would have all the usual weight and efficacy .
Nana could make a chocolate drink with cocoa beans and goat 's milk , and that was the only thing Martha could think of that was coloured like her . 
It was nice of them to let me join in , they were very patient , but you could see they were itching for a good game and I 'm just hopeless . 
What could a blockade accomplish ? ?
Our first care has been to keep the matter secret .-- You knew nothing of me , or my family , and , therefore , there could be no OCCASION for ever mentioning my name to you ; and , as he was always particularly afraid of his sister ' s suspecting any thing , THAT was reason enough for his not mentioning it ."
President Truman and his advisers were anxious over Sino-Soviet relations and wondered whether American forces could take the port of Dairen and thus prevent the Soviet Union from occupying the Liaotung peninsula of south Manchuria . 
He could hear horses moving around inside , and nothing else .
I could not guess the cause of these variations .
They could not guess that from their concepts of liberty and freedom would some day be born a new nation that for years would be the symbol of hope to the oppressed countries of the world .
It was merely a blind to conceal his real situation with another .-- It was his object to blind all about him ; and no one , I am sure , could be more effectually blinded than myself -- except that I was _not_ blinded -- that it was my good fortune -- that , in short , I was somehow or other safe from him ."
His brothers seemed rather unimaginative and narrow-minded , although they were both well educated : they felt that anybody outside the Church or university could not be respected . 
She did n't really want to take this extreme step ; she wished she could tell Bri all about it and get him to tell Kev where he got off .
When my mother died I was very young , And my father sold me while yet my tongue Could scarcely cry " Weep !
She could see the small scar on his right cheek and the firm jaw and the paleness of his face as he struggled with some inner demon . 
" I stopped too long up in that room , so that even such leaden feet could catch me up .
I could not live in that imbecile universe .
The Dominican Republic could turn toward Communist-type authoritarianism as easily as toward Western freedom .
She felt all the honest pride and complacency which her alliance with the present and future proprietor could fairly warrant , as she viewed the respectable size and style of the building , its suitable , becoming , characteristic situation , low and sheltered -- its ample gardens stretching down to meadows washed by a stream , of which the Abbey , with all the old neglect of prospect , had scarcely a sight -- and its abundance of timber in rows and avenues , which neither fashion nor extravagance had rooted up .-- The house was larger than Hartfield , and totally unlike it , covering a good deal of ground , rambling and irregular , with many comfortable , and one or two handsome rooms .-- It was just what it ought to be , and it looked what it was -- and Emma felt an increasing respect for it , as the residence of a family of such true gentility , untainted in blood and understanding .-- Some faults of temper John Knightley had ; but Isabella had connected herself unexceptionably .
If it could be shown that judgments of good and bad were not judgments at all , that they asserted nothing true or false , but merely expressed emotions like `` Hurrah '' or `` Fiddlesticks '' , then these wayward judgments would cease from troubling and weary heads could be at rest .
tetanus could be avoided by pouring warm turpentine over a wound
4 : 18 Thus Solomon made all these vessels in great abundance : for the weight of the brass could not be found out .
The priest could hear him dragging down his palm - leaf hat from the peg and tumbling out of the front door ; he heard the garden gate slam .
God forbid : for if there had been a law given which could have given life , verily righteousness should have been by the law .
Even hardy explorers needed strongpoints to which they could return after exhausting expeditions into unknown regions . 
Instead , the armed forces ( especially the army , which could pose a potential threat to his rule ) is regularly employed as a massive source of cheap labour .
It was logical to conclude the young fop was the assassin but it could have been the young page or , indeed , a complete stranger . 
Winter sweet , viburnum , and witch hazel were all in flower ; the air was so still that they could hear the distant gurgle of the river from down in the valley . 
The only oddity one could fix was that his nose , which was otherwise of a good shape , was just slightly turned sideways at the tip ; as if , when it was soft , it had been tapped on one side with a toy hammer .
A South Korean security analyst suggested that DPRK artillery pieces of calibers 170 mm and 240 mm `` could fire 10,000 rounds per minute to Seoul and its environs . ''
It was not exactly panic they gave way to , but they could not just sit there .
The tide was high , so they could not climb on the rocks and breakwaters , or explore the caves . 
Many of their pursuers had waded into the water shaking their fists , but the sea was rough , and they could not reach the pier .
Lead urns are elegant with trailing jasmine , catmint , rue and lavender ; clay parsley pots could alternatively have small plants of feverfew pushed into all the openings , to flower all summer . 
She could pretend no longer .
Say I was involved with a gallery and they called me up tomorrow , and said , ` Alison I want you to do this painting " , I could just comply .
This elected committee will have some similarities to the local medical committee and could evolve from it .
Emma felt that she could not do too much for her , that Harriet had a right to all her ingenuity and all her patience ; but it was heavy work to be for ever convincing without producing any effect , for ever agreed to , without being able to make their opinions the same .
As dusk settled after the fighting , long convoys of pickups and tractor-trailer trucks could be seen streaming back and forth across the desert to the site .
In Wasim and Waqar , Pakistan had a pair of superb fast bowlers who could be compared with the best in any era of cricket .
I never could have supposed it .
" If we could be certain that it would be only for a while !
When Ramsey came to read the book himself , later in life , he was astonished , and at one point burst out laughing , to discover what irrational expressions he could use . 
They looked just like those horrible Yahoos , and at first I could not let them touch me or come near me . 
As she could hear Jack coming down the stairs she returned to the kitchen and picked up the metal spoon and plunged it into the saucepan which she had not yet put on to heat . 
I would assist any brother officer ' s wife that I could , and I would bring anything of Harville ' s from the world ' s end , if he wanted it .
for every grown man ( except a few who were always suspected of being shy on virility ) knew at least the fundamentals of baseball , just as every male American in this era liked to imagine ( or pretend ) that he could fight with his fists .
He had never been an unhappy man ; his own temper had secured him from that , even in his first marriage ; but his second must shew him how delightful a well - judging and truly amiable woman could be , and must give him the pleasantest proof of its being a great deal better to choose than to be chosen , to excite gratitude than to feel it .
Behind this graceful form Martha could see her grandmother in a state of strange tension , arms folded and brows contracted in the effort of masking her feelings . 
Seems as if I could taste those berries ."
She was sure she could hear mocking in his tone . 
The significance of all this is that Utah had already convinced themselves that test-tube fusion could be an economic bonanza of unimaginable magnitude , and the first shots in the skirmish for priority had already been fired in February with the accusations that Jones had pirated the Utah chemists ' work . 
If you could do that you could rule the world , she had laughed . 
He got as near as he could to thanking her for Miss Taylor ' s merits , without seeming quite to forget that in the common course of things it was to be rather supposed that Miss Taylor had formed Miss Woodhouse ' s character , than Miss Woodhouse Miss Taylor ' s .
They were both breathing heavily , out cold , and Shayne didn't think either of them had recognized him or could describe him .
Some scruples and some reluctance the widower - father may be supposed to have felt ; but as they were overcome by other considerations , the child was given up to the care and the wealth of the Churchills , and he had only his own comfort to seek , and his own situation to improve as he could .
The carpenter had unluckily appointed to settle a long account that day with one of his employers , and he could not accompany his children .
As he staggered on he could visualise the young Julie running alongside him , red faced and tight lipped . 
When the visitors , after losing this game , rode along the village streets toward home , the youngsters who could keep abreast of them for a moment or two screamed triumphantly , `` You bunch of hay-shakers ! !
Mayhew having concluded his narration , Ahab put such questions to him , that the stranger captain could not forbear inquiring whether he intended to hunt the White Whale , if opportunity should offer .
Without hearing the car horns , I could almost taste the air of late March through the street fumes .
She could not be deceived in that .
Elinor , though she felt really interested in the welfare of Colonel Brandon , could not bestow all the wonder on his going so suddenly away , which Mrs . Jennings was desirous of her feeling ; for besides that the circumstance did not in her opinion justify such lasting amazement or variety of speculation , her wonder was otherwise disposed of .
The testimonials were challenged and the mailshot was amended to read that monthly earnings could amount to ` £1,000s " .
The move came amid calls from London Ambulance Service chiefs for staff to operate radios in line with procedures so that full 999 services , which have been almost paralysed , could be restored . 
But it saddens me that people could send death threats because they do n't agree with something . 
Mr . Woodhouse could not be soon reconciled ; but the worst was overcome , the idea was given ; time and continual repetition must do the rest .-- To Emma ' s entreaties and assurances succeeded Mr . Knightley ' s , whose fond praise of her gave the subject even a kind of welcome ; and he was soon used to be talked to by each , on every fair occasion .-- They had all the assistance which Isabella could give , by letters of the strongest approbation ; and Mrs . Weston was ready , on the first meeting , to consider the subject in the most serviceable light -- first , as a settled , and , secondly , as a good one -- well aware of the nearly equal importance of the two recommendations to Mr . Woodhouse ' s mind .-- It was agreed upon , as what was to be ; and every body by whom he was used to be guided assuring him that it would be for his happiness ; and having some feelings himself which almost admitted it , he began to think that some time or other -- in another year or two , perhaps -- it might not be so very bad if the marriage did take place .
Shortly after he spoke , the first of what could become a flood of disgruntled clergy announced he was leaving the Church of England . 
I could have held him tight and told him I was proud of him and that I loved him just for being there , but he would have struggled free . 
It is chiefly remembered by the SAS because they could swim in ` Cleopatra 's Pool " , a large basin supplied by a spring . 
So we 'd wait up all night , follow the delivery van around and survive on the bread and milk we could swipe . 
The RAF was Britain's weapon of attrition , and flying a fighter plane was the way her sons could serve her best at this point in the war .
The idea of Edward ' s being a clergyman , and living in a small parsonage - house , diverted him beyond measure ;-- and when to that was added the fanciful imagery of Edward reading prayers in a white surplice , and publishing the banns of marriage between John Smith and Mary Brown , he could conceive nothing more ridiculous .
I could n't bear the thought that it was you he loved . 
To ease the pressure , a truckload of Commandos were taken to the rear where they could relax for a couple of days . 
A scientist claims he 's invented a way of making charcoal which could be a life-saver in third world countries desperately short of fuel . 
She switched channels and continued , ` Lars , could you administer another tranquillizer for me ? " 
But when he 'd interrogated her after the murder , he had the feeling that she could never have done such a deed -- she was too shocked , too upset . 
Many retailers are worried that a price war could erupt this Christmas if cash-strapped firms such as Campeau slash prices to spur sales .
Upon conviction , she ( I use the pronoun ` she " for the sake of convenience here ) appealed on the ground that the statute expressly made the crime one which only a man could commit .
In conclusion , he wished me well -- and as kindly and humbly as this humane gentleman could express himself , he asked to be remembered to my wife and children .
They note that most of the new plants will come on line in 1992 , when the current import trade restraint program ends , which could result in more imports .
Normally he could go for weeks without being so indulgent ; but the MacQuillan case had brought Rain Morgan back into his life and with her some poignant memories . 
There was no weapon Early could not take apart and reassemble blind-folded .
He gestured for her to move aside so he could take a closer look at the microphone . 
` Could you just hold up the bidding while my boys settle with the opposition ? "
Though enlightened Spaniards might detest the brutal deceit of Napoleon 's seizure of Spain they felt that perhaps he alone could regenerate her .
` Billions of pounds have been squandered that could have been invested in energy conservation and the development of alternatives . " 
The decision also followed appeals for a postponement from many within the 12-party Unity Assembly , Haiti 's opposition coalition , who were concerned that neither the safety of voters nor the fairness of the poll could be guaranteed because of the prevailing climate of violence and lawlessness within the country .
The adverse consequences to the health of men in their seventh , eighth , and ninth decades could thus be considerable and might well counterbalance the small benefit of screening in terms of reduced deaths .
It was as if he had turned and hit me with his fist , I could n't hide it . 
The USSR 's economy still needed to recover from the war and Stalin could rely on local Communist parties to try to subvert French and Italian democracy from within . 
It landed in the sand , hopping on to the upslope and , when Lyle got there , he knew he could hit it the required 140 yards to the pin . 
Later she would imagine she could smell the autumn leaves rotting on the road . 
The Americans forged ahead not only because they could deploy greater resources , but also because they were more ruthless in seeking out key German experts during the chaos of the German surrender , and in persuading them to work for them in the United States .
In any case , it could well be that some students have no interest at all in certain idioms and prefer to by-pass them quickly in their search for what expresses their own aesthetic more closely . 
" He ' s six miles off ," said another ; and a third wished that he could make him hear at that distance .
Though condemning her for the past , and considering it with high and unjust resentment , though perfectly careless of her , and though becoming attached to another , still he could not see her suffer , without the desire of giving her relief .
The United States then imposed extensive sanctions on Iran and successfully pressured Russia and other potential suppliers , mostly in Europe , to halt exports of sensitive dual - use nuclear technology to Iran , such as high - voltage switches that could trigger a nuclear weapon and specialized remote manipulators designed to handle heavy volumes of radioactive material and possibly intended for a uranium or plutonium reprocessing plant .
He had a vague idea , if this incomprehensible old Jack - in - the - box was really pursuing him , that in that labyrinth of little streets he could soon throw him off the scent .
" I would rather ," said Francisco , when he returned to Carlo and Rosetta , who waited for him under the portico , where he left them --" I would rather have such good friends as you , Carlo and Arthur , and some more I could name , and , besides that , have a clear conscience , and work honestly for my bread , than be as lucky as Piedro .
All I could see of her was the tip of her nose on Richard 's other side , bobbing backwards and forwards as she walked , like a bird eating grain . 
The abandoned mines would fill with water contaminated with iron , acids and chlorides which could seep through ground waters affecting rivers .
I would be grateful if you could inform me how the figure on the invoice was calculated . 
He felt an urge to reach out and rescue some of the sheets of paper on which he imagined he could see writing , but the heat was extreme . 
During employment the employee could not use or disclose this information without breaching the duty of fidelity . 
Employers of young engineers face a double dilemma : a declining proportion of a reducing population opting for subjects which could lead to qualifications in science , technology and engineering .
There was a communication before her , one which _she_ only could be competent to make -- the confession of her engagement to her father ; but she would have nothing to do with it at present .-- She had resolved to defer the disclosure till Mrs . Weston were safe and well .
To do it , he had to have more privacy than his room allowed , and he had tentatively approached Captain Dawson , who was home on leave and was painting the porch , for permission to put a table and chair in the garage , so that he could work there . 
It would be the greatest pleasure to them , if you could allow me to attend you there .
Fifty-seven returns could not be used because they were incomplete or received too late to be processed .
And of course , quotations of APR by individual traders would be very much more valuable if people could set them against a background of what is typical than if they stood alone , in isolation .
North Korea 's chemical weapon ( CW ) production capability is estimated to be about 4,500 tons per year , though this could increase to 12,000 tons per year in case of war . 
I cut the cork round for the inside myself , which was all I could do ."
Emma felt that she could not do better than go home directly .
" Why ," said the fox , " I would not catch you if I could .
EUROTUNNEL , the Channel tunnel group , denied last night that the concrete linings of the Channel Tunnel could be contaminated by salt and fail prematurely . 
I think some people may believe they 're helping fund a massive TV and print campaign , but we could n't find that the charity does anything except write these letters , '' he says .
Such a hypothesis could explain the paradoxical inverse relation between serum cholesterol concentrations and colorectal carcinomas detected in certain western , or at least ` westernised " populations .
With a whirling jump , it could get into gear .
I made them show me their identification before I could be persuaded not to call on Felice Perrin '' .
Leaves rustled behind , and he could not stop the smile when Madra sat down beside him . 
They stood and watched the nun spin on her heel and waddle off with as much dignity as she could muster . 
Now I could plan excursions to Rome , Florence , Venice and yes , Milan , and study Luini 's work at first hand . 
She could imagine it clanging across the hall , up the stairway , along the draughty corridors , around the drawing-room and out through the open windows . 
She then went away , walking on tiptoe out of the room , as if she supposed her young friend ' s affliction could be increased by noise .
He blackmailed his brother from Australia for his little forgotten crime ( that is why he took the cab to Wagga Wagga in Putney ), he blackmailed his sister for the theft he alone could have noticed .
Endill could not make out what he was shouting but whatever it was it was not very friendly . 
An outstretched fist could eclipse the sun that burned them by day .
One knew that thus , and only thus , could a solution be found .
Orders came to her for shoes from many families in the neighbourhood , and she could not get them finished fast enough .
As de Lattre presented his case , his plan to construct 1200 bunkers of the Siegfried Line-type ( one wonders why its French counterpart was not mentioned instead ) was to provide against future Chinese attacks but , on the assumption that the Chinese might be deterred , French success seemed to be simply a matter of US munitions and confidence and , although it might have been misleading as a performance indicator , at the end of his visit to the Pentagon de Lattre was rewarded with Defense Secretary Lovett 's assertion that General de Lattre was regarded as a comrade in arms and that the US would do everything they could for him that was within their capabilities . 
Therefore when Father Brown found her she could hardly have been dead for three .
Barbara denied , prevaricated , stammered , and at last was overcome with confusion ; for which even the most indulgent spectators could scarcely pity her .
Rifles were ranked so far away that an enemy could not slink into the town by any detour ; therefore it was vain to return to the city by any remote course .
Reaching the top , Ruth looked eastward ; she could see beyond the forest to purple hills and faint mountains . 
No , sir , I ' m a democrat , and I still don ' t believe that Sunday could convert one average navvy or counter - jumper .
The conversation that ensued may have been engrossing but it could hardly be called world-shattering .
You are a strange fellow , Talbot ; I thought I never could have forgiven you for what you said last night .
Lili could see Stan Valance arguing with Zimmer . 
In short , I could learn nothing but that she was gone ; all the rest , for eight long months , was left to conjecture .
It was some minutes before she could go on with her letter , and the frequent bursts of grief which still obliged her , at intervals , to withhold her pen , were proofs enough of her feeling how more than probable it was that she was writing for the last time to Willoughby .
Here is a volume you could present to someone with no interest in science and expect a pleasurable reaction from any but the most insensitive . 
He was in such confusion , that , amongst the number of faces , he could scarcely distinguish one from another ; but he felt somebody at this moment pull his elbow , and , to his great relief , he heard the friendly voice , and saw the good natured face of his Cousin Ben .
Joe always aided and comforted me when he could , in some way of his own , and he always did so at dinner-time by giving me gravy , if there were any . 
They could feel the added chill from where they were standing . 
When Chaos came he fought as best he could but he saw that the pitiful weapons of the Elves and the peaceful sorceries of the Everqueen could not stand against the might of the dark . 
I could tell she was angry and I was ready to cry , but Frankie pulled me roughly back off the step and we turned to leave . 
Mrs . Weston was afraid of draughts for the young people in that passage ; and neither Emma nor the gentlemen could tolerate the prospect of being miserably crowded at supper .
As he approached them , Mungo could see that they wore blue uniform trousers under their working clothes .
Francisco was the son of an honest gardener , who , from the time he could speak , taught him to love to speak the truth , showed him that liars are never believed -- that cheats and thieves cannot be trusted , and that the shortest way to obtain a good character is to deserve it .
Even so , he could not ease the tension of his body ; ;
The car spun around again , Simms said , before Stickney could turn north in Prairie Avenue , and then violated two stop lights as he traveled north into Wilmette in Prairie .
It could go either way , since the gains for both points of view were about the same .
" Your red and white uniform , you mean ," said the man to whom he addressed himself ; and the people , as they opened a passage for him , could not refrain laughing at the mixture of dirt and finery which it exhibited .
nay , they were not at all ashamed , neither could they blush : therefore shall they fall among them that fall : in the time of their visitation they shall be cast down , saith the LORD .
Another boat came along and not realising the situation overtook the inside boat and , before it could stop , also ran into the bridge . 
Rebels ' claims that they had shot down a government plane could not be confirmed .
But she could not help reflecting that Araminta , with all her faults , was at least honest in her dealings with her mother . 
` But so rotten has the policy proved that not even a ` taxpayer bail-out " could save it . 
She could n't prevent a tiny ironic smile from curving her lips . 
Cadiz is in Spain ; as far by water , from Joppa , as Jonah could possibly have sailed in those ancient days , when the Atlantic was an almost unknown sea .
`` I find it hard to understand how anyone seeking a position in public life could demonstrate such poor judgment and bad taste .
Analysts said Great Universal could provide Argos with a built-in infrastructure for mail-order shopping .
She had pulled her veil right over her face so that they could not even see her eyes . 
But I cannot imagine how I could be so off my guard .
Try smaller local companies who might benefit from some publicity or for whom you could attract extra business or perhaps create an enduring and prestigious work of art . 
One of the most wholesome things you could schedule in your church would thus be a group confessional where people could admit of their inner tensions '' .
None could be found but a woman , who was a great scold , and a man who was famous for going to law about every trifle with his neighbours .
His car could pick you up at your hotel at twelve '' .
Alice could see , as well as if she were looking over their shoulders , that all the jurors were writing down ' stupid things !'
FOR THEIR first UK appearance in 20 years , Germanic rockers Faust chose London 's notorious Marquee club as the venue to strut their stuff , surely the nearest equivalent they could get to the bowels of Hell ! 
" Anything which could throw light on why someone disliked him enough to smash in his skull . " 
The crowd were fabulous and you could not fault any of the players . 
There was Cleopatra simpering away in her best Shirley Temple voice , ‘ Old gentleman , … do n't go , old gentleman ’ , and the spot could n't find her . 
when the insoluble fraction was suspended in a volume of saline equal to that of the original serum sample , no complete antibody activity could be detected .
Sometimes he was in such pain , he could hardly hobble up the yard . 
Karl 's last act as President had been to insist that the wing mirrors on Global cars be fitted parallel to the road so that people could snort drugs off them . 
The Post reported today that at least two low-ranking Rangers had accepted administrative punishments , but said it could not determine what actions -- if any -- were taken against more senior officers .
Mrs Clay , who had been present while all this passed , now thought it advisable to leave the room , and Anne could have said much , and did long to say a little in defence of her friend ' s not very dissimilar claims to theirs , but her sense of personal respect to her father prevented her .
Anne could listen no longer ; she could not even have told how the poor Admiral ' s complexion escaped ; her letter engrossed her .
Perhaps I was over sensitive to such impressions at the time , but I could not help staring at this gallows with a vague misgiving .
There could n't be anything wrong with my chest unless I 'd swallowed something as a child , an old thrupenny bit .
Their vision was keener than man ' s ; Ahab could discover no sign in the sea .
In such a situation as that , where there seemed nothing to tempt the avarice or the vanity of any living creature , how could I suppose , when she so earnestly , so warmly insisted on sharing my fate , whatever it might be , that any thing but the most disinterested affection was her inducement ?
The critics argued that for the same money they could promote a lot more lecturers to the middle rank of Reader . 
Her three notes -- unluckily they were all in my pocketbook , or I should have denied their existence , and hoarded them for ever -- I was forced to put them up , and could not even kiss them .
Aftershocks could intervene .
Her statement was a hope , not a truth in which they could believe .
The girls were at school , and no misery that Nenna had ever felt could weigh against their happiness which flowed like the current , with its separate eddies , of the strong river beneath them .
It is conceivable that Broxodent could do a better job than ordinary brushing , especially in those who do not brush their teeth properly .
You could hear the jingling , rattling sound coming from the equipment yard next door . 
With 40 % of the world 's oil transported by pipelines and global demand at an all-time high , an outbreak of pipeline bombings could have disastrous economic consequences , analysts said .
No more could he defend himself against them .
" We could drink all the wine and smoke all the cigars easily in a week ," said Turnbull ; " and that would be to die feasting like heroes ."
Mercer read it , and so had a few of the others , but they could not tell which man had done it .
He could usually find , in his armoury of comic routines , some way of dealing with people , of coping with distressing or threatening situations . 
Small amounts of blood remain in the syringe which could be infected -- if you share works then you could inject this into your bloodstream .
The extent of military and civilian casualties could not be determined .
This was so overtly rude that Edouard was about to intervene ; but before he could speak , Grégoire rose to his feet . 
And , while none of the industrial townscapes could be described as pretty , he has a terrific eye . 
The-troops also slept in the lavatories -- a very awkward situation , this , as sometimes , if there was an air-raid , the train crawled and the journey could take as long as sixteen hours . 
French and Ukrainian , mathematics and chemistry bored him to the point of insanity ; only in music and English could he hope to get decent marks . 
But the boy could see only the goat's belly .
I had always resisted the passes made at me by other kids , and many times I had thought about my love for Johnnie who , being thirty , brought a maturity to love that the kids around town could know nothing about .
The snippets of conversation our spies could catch featuring more about “ 12″ versions … ” , “ toecurling guitar solos ” and “ dancing chicks ” much more than would otherwise seem feasible . 
If a good mare becomes incapacitated , say , due to an accident through no fault of her own , then breeding from her could be practical . 
At that moment , no one appears to have thought a second plane could hit the South Tower .
His father could but just see its lustre by the light of a dim lamp , which hung over their heads in the gloomy passage in which they stood .
His being and His will -- Stevie could not divide God from his Papa -- illumined every parish face , turned the choir into a band of angels , and the pulpit into the tollgate to Heaven .
by favour sent Down from the empyrean , to forewarn Us timely of what might else have been our loss , Unknown , which human knowledge could not reach ; For which to the infinitely Good we owe Immortal thanks , and his admonishment Receive , with solemn purpose to observe Immutably his sovran will , the end Of what we are .
The radiation levels could necessitate evacuation for weeks , months or longer , even for people up to 50 km from the reactor site . 
Boredom with politics was a state of mind they could only comprehend intellectually . 
Perlman said bankruptcy would not be an immediate effect of the merger , but could possibly be an ultimate effect .
A persistent downpour at the track rapidly reduced the going from good to firm to soft , a change which could threaten the participation of Royal Ballerina . 
Fond wish ! couldst thou support That burden , heavier than the earth to bear ; Than all the world much heavier , though divided With that bad Woman ?
He was seated at his desk , his back to the window , so she could not see his expression clearly .
He could farm alpaca , deer and wild boar .
By an originating summons , dated 12 October 1992 , a health authority sought a declaration that a Caesarean section could be performed on a patient , Mrs. S. , who was refusing consent to the operation . 
He took as many arrows as he could carry and , holding his bow with an arrow ready notched , set off down the track after the verderers .
Beyond the door , Mother Bombie 's feet in soft felt slippers could be heard slapping angrily down the stairs . 
And Uncle Camillo in his armour with the lamp shining on the breastplate and helmet , and the vizor down so you could not see if he were laughing . 
Writing to his colleague George Herbert Palmer -- `` Glorious old Palmer '' , as he addresses him -- James says that if only the students at Harvard could really understand Royce , Santayana , Palmer , and himself and see that their varying systems are `` so many religions , ways of fronting life , and worth fighting for '' , then Harvard would have a genuine philosophic universe .
The Miss Musgroves were not at all tired , and Mary was either offended , by not being asked before any of the others , or what Louisa called the Elliot pride could not endure to make a third in a one horse chaise .
The idea of becoming what her mother had been ; of having the precious name of " Lady Elliot " first revived in herself ; of being restored to Kellynch , calling it her home again , her home for ever , was a charm which she could not immediately resist .
The word marina was coined by NAEBM originally to describe a waterfront facility where recreational boats could find protection and basic needs to lay over in relative comfort .
He did not boast , but it naturally betrayed itself , that he had persuaded his aunt where his uncle could do nothing , and on her laughing and noticing it , he owned that he believed ( excepting one or two points ) he could _with_ _time_ persuade her to any thing .
His mother Bess , who could not write herself , reminded her husband through Sturley to buy the apron he had promised her and `` a suite of hattes for 5 boies the yongst lined & trimmed with silke '' ( for John , only a year old ) .
She restrained herself , however , from any of the reproofs she could have given , and only thanked Mrs . Elton coolly ; " but their going to Bath was quite out of the question ; and she was not perfectly convinced that the place might suit her better than her father ."
Plucking the intrailes of an Offering forth , They could not finde a heart within the beast
Jane recommended scoop-necked bodies worn under silky shirts , which Helen could team with flowing trousers or skirts for a stylish but relaxed look . 
He found instead the only possible protuberance to which they could safely have anchored their rope . 
" Susan Price has a pet lamb that ' s as fat as fat could be ."
It became the sole `` subject '' of `` international law '' ( a term which , it is pertinent to remember , was coined by Bentham ) , a body of legal principle which by and large was made up of what Western nations could do in the world arena .
She could have made an inquiry or two , as to the expedition and the expense of the Irish mails ;-- it was at her tongue ' s end -- but she abstained .
" Whatever you say is always right ," cried Harriet , " and therefore I suppose , and believe , and hope it must be so ; but otherwise I could not have imagined it .
For everyone involved knew that the whole valley was a powder keg , and Mitchell Barton the fuse which could send it into explosive violence .
Wolves huffed and puffed , but they could not blow Tracey 's house down again . 
As a sex , women joined other culturally disenfranchised groups who could not easily participate in high culture .
Up an abrupt conical escarpment dotted with modern but pleasant villas was an olive-scattered plateau and as much tranquillity as you could wish for . 
" Whose soul in the heavenly grace had grown To the selfsame measure as his own ; Whose treasure on the celestial shore Could neither be less than his nor more ."
Suddenly she was flustered -- she could smell her unwashed body , she had n't even combed her hair today . 
The market was well supplied , and he could not get rid of his cargo .
` I could get used to this bi-annual orgy , Jay dear . 
I looked with sympathetic awe and fearfulness upon the man , who in mid - winter just landed from a four years ' dangerous voyage , could so unrestingly push off again for still another tempestuous term .
The weather was most favourable for her ; though Christmas Day , she could not go to church .
Luckily , she was not completely aflame and would go down before the gasoline could erupt .
" He had a notion that he could help us ," said MacIan moodily , and began to pace towards the other end of his cell .
Partridge had got all angry and upset soon too because as he was struggling with Steven a magazine fell out of his trousers on to the towpath of the canal and the other men had picked it up and it had been a spanking magazine so all the other men who were n't laughing and shouting already started teasing partridge ; Partridge started trying to wrestle Steven to the ground but Steven had got free and clouted the other man with the shovel , which was still bloody from hacking the cat to bits , and after that , with the magazine coming apart as the other men grabbed at it and Partridge rolling about dazed on the towpath in the cat 's blood and almost falling into the canal , Dan Ashton had said soberly that enough was enough and they 'd better go and see Mr Smith the supervisor because they just could n't go on like this . 
It was my desire to advise the membership of the Legion that the majority of polling places are on private property and , without an amendment to the law , we could not enforce this .
The cinema was immediately adjacent to our house , so that every night we could hear the film and imagine what was on the screen .
One could not leave her out ."
By means of the impression , which they had thus obtained , Corkscrew and Felix proposed to get a false key made by Picklock , a smith who belonged to their gang of house - breakers ; and with this false key knew they could open the door whenever they pleased .
It could not have been easy to hump awkward loads up and down the wobbly death trap . 
She was idle , fretful , and selfish ; so that nothing could make her happy .
Soviet leaders anticipated that the Brezhnev plan could stimulate interest among certain key Red Sea states for their own ` zone of peace " aimed at excluding the Western military presence . 
Just think , you could equip a whole new physics laboratory .
The ghost of Stalin had to be exorcised before Nizan could be rehabilitated . 
I 've gained a great deal of experience these psst two and a half years and I think I could manage a stud farm quite easily now .
She did n't like being made to feel like an underage teenager who could n't control her emotions . 
She could hardly send him away , though Sycorax from the hammock where she lay , surveying the scene , clicked her dry tongue impatiently and tossed about . 
Before I could alight from the carriage she was hastily walking away .
The look of reproach and sorrow on her face cut into him far more deeply than any angry words could have done . 
` You could help me dress my hair , manicure my nails . 
She understood that she could only leave the flat to shop for food at the Indian-owned store at the end of the street . 
From this circumstance , and from the benevolent countenance of the old gentleman , they concluded that he was very fond of his sister , and that they were certainly very happy , except that they never spoke , and could be seen only for a moment .
` But then , " said Radulfus , thoughtfully frowning , ` why come to me now , and confess the very thing of which the witness could have accused him ? "
So Satan spake ; and him Beelzebub Thus answered :--" Leader of those armies bright Which , but th ' Omnipotent , none could have foiled !
For the very reason that he could not lift Lucy 's dark tresses and have a look , he could not slip his hand on to her neck . 
I had no right to expect much , and I did not expect much ; but I had no idea that he could be so very clownish , so totally without air .
He could feel eyes on his back .
I dismissed these feelings as wishful thinking but I could not get it out of my head that we had a strong physical attraction for one another and we both feared to dwell on it because of our relationship .
She could say no more , only after a moment when he did not answer , ` Please do n't reproach yourself , my darling , when you have given me back to myself again . "
Last night after tea , when you and mama went out of the room , they were whispering and talking together as fast as could be , and he seemed to be begging something of her , and presently he took up her scissors and cut off a long lock of her hair , for it was all tumbled down her back ; and he kissed it , and folded it up in a piece of white paper ; and put it into his pocket - book ."
SURGEONS are to start testing a technique which could cure short-sightedness in just 15 minutes . 
Though the figures may well be inaccurate , they attest the contemporary impression that even local forces could be very large , at least in time of emergency . 
Without his sanction I could not hope to be listened to again .-- I spoke ; circumstances were in my favour ; the late event had softened away his pride , and he was , earlier than I could have anticipated , wholly reconciled and complying ; and could say at last , poor man !
Piedro could never more show his face in this market , and all hopes of friendship -- all hopes of partnership with Francisco -- were for ever at an end .
Thus beelzebub Pleaded his devilish counsel -- first devised By Satan , and in part proposed : for whence , But from the author of all ill , could spring So deep a malice , to confound the race Of mankind in one root , and Earth with Hell To mingle and involve , done all to spite The great Creator ?
A series of appalling disasters in the public services , notably the Kings Cross underground fire and the rail crashes at Clapham and elsewhere underlined the damage that could result from the public sector being run down .
Bizarre : He could hear the word .
But the Bank has always indicated that it would only take such a step in exceptional circumstances and continues to stress its awareness of the need to avoid actions which could be seen as capricious if it is to retain the confidence of market makers and investors in gilt-edged stock .
After beating him , they ransacked the house , but could only find £10 's worth of coins .
in Medfield , perhaps twenty-five less , not all of it paid by Thayer , who could charge off one room on his expense account .
Over a century ago Broca demonstrated that patients with damage involving part of the prefrontal cortex of the left hemisphere had severe speech deficits , although they could understand what was said to them . 
It must be windy at the top , for he could hear a large object slithering closer across the roof . 
It seemed so sad I could have cried . 
If I owe a client a duty to increase the value of his investment portfolio then if I fail to take action which could enhance its value I am positively harming my client 's interests . 
He imagined , and calmly could he imagine it , that her extravagance , and consequent distress , had obliged her to dispose of it for some immediate relief .
For still they knew , and ought to have still remembered , The high injunction , not to taste that fruit , Whoever tempted ; which they not obeying , ( Incurred what could they less ?)
A dismaying number of seconds passed before she could even move . 
Within a week after the injury , suffered in St. Louis's victory in the final game of the Kentucky tournament , Nordmann was sitting on the Bill's bench doing what he could to help Benington .
For instance , the NRCGEB 's research in recombinant DNA technologies , genetic engineering , and DNA vaccine production could conceivably be utilized to increase the virulence or resistance of select pathogens .
Just half a mile away , we could see the rampart of sand , 20 feet high , behind which the Palestinians lay waiting , unwilling participants in a ceasefire which Arafat himself had already declared sacrosanct .
Cover the containers with the muslin making certain that there are no small crevices through which the beetles could escape . 
A squat chunky man whose face was stitched by tiny red veins , his head rested on his shoulders like a box on a shelf , and the rasp of his voice could drill through any argument . 
And should Mr Moon ever be encountered by chance in his wife 's company then he could not be acknowledged either , other than by a glance of mild regret when no one was looking . 
Both parents remained silent under questioning and , that being the whole of the evidence , neither could be convicted . 
Before I was born out of my mother generations guided me , My embryo has never been torpid , nothing could overlay it .
I didn ' t think he could ."
Probably he could dodge the twenty coppers in ten cars that would be there in five minutes , and get clear away . 
" Miss Smith !-- message to Miss Smith !-- What could she possibly mean !"
Young men in school could look forward to playing ball for money in a dozen different places , even if they failed to make the major leagues .
She never could fit into a crowd which had known , which still knew and admired Linda .
We could travel together as far as Doha and I would go on alone to Abu Dhabi . 
He could lead a patrol and he knew his paper work .
` Though I 'd be grateful if you could have a look around the vines to make sure there are n't any more . " 
We could set w k = 1 for all k and solve LP ( 1 , … , 1 ) to obtain an efficient solution .
Faith here ' s an Equiuocator , that could sweare in both the Scales against eyther Scale , who committed Treason enough for Gods sake , yet could not equiuocate to Heauen : oh come in , Equiuocator .
U.S. takeover-stock speculators , who may own between 20 % and 30 % of Jaguar , could give Ford enough votes to block the GM deal .
His swamp-hunter boots could have been an elephant 's feet lopped off and hollowed out . 
They have very large bodies and little limbs , so the heat lost from their heads and their bodies could be quite great . 
" But he could not have got in had I not broke this little window ," said the boy , eagerly ; " and I am able to earn sixpence a day , and I ' ll pay for all the mischief , and welcome .
Even Barton could not quite believe it .
He could have strangled this impudent upstart who seemed bent on humiliating him at every turn . 
Some companies could end up losers from the move as much of the tax has , up to now , been offset in this way .
Men wearing white gloves moved it , but you could n't see them do it as the bodies were out of shot . " 
Seeing that Teclis could not be dissuaded , the High Loremaster gifted him with the War Crown of Saphery and let him go .
In the corners of the kitchen , where it fitted badly , it could be prised up , peeled backwards , waggled to and fro until a piece cracked , broke off . 
He again vigorously rejected the idea that a viable European defence policy could be achieved in an EC context , and discussions were effectively stalled .
This mutual incomprehension could , of course , be accidental ; but I will suggest that it expresses a division between the two positions which runs deeper than the dispute we have so far considered .
" She could not make a very long history , I think , of one such little article of unfounded news ."
47 : 5 Afterward he measured a thousand ; and it was a river that I could not pass over : for the waters were risen , waters to swim in , a river that could not be passed over .
By this time Stubb was over the side , and getting into his boat , hailed the Guernsey - man to this effect ,-- that having a long tow - line in his boat , he would do what he could to help them , by pulling out the lighter whale of the two from the ship ' s side .
It was typical of Hebden , Blanche thought with a cynical smile to herself , that even at that awful moment all he could think about was himself . 
But the bank or building society could not confirm the ` endorsed " signature so stolen cheques could be cashed long before anyone realised it . 
" I could not have conceived it ," said Syme gravely .
In 1802 Henry referred to `` our new carts '' as being about four feet off the ground and carrying five times as much as a horse could pack .
Bunyan replied that he could find no justification for the Prayer Book in the Scriptures and that its use was an impediment to man in making known his condition to God .
But then again , you could n't have predicted they 'd get this far in the first place . 
There was ample material on which the justices could reach the conclusion they did . 
As for Marianne , on the pangs which so unhappy a meeting must already have given her , and on those still more severe which might await her in its probable consequence , she could not reflect without the deepest concern .
uh-huh i could never justify owning a personal computer at at home
DO NOT USE PUNISHMENT THAT COULD LEAD TO AVOIDANCE OF DESIRED BEHAVIOUR 
THE shadowy men of the SAS made no secret of the fact it was Christmas party time -- neighbours could hear the noise a mile away .
Ryker shot an angry glance at Donna and mouthed something she could n't make out . 
He rode down for a couple of hours ; he could not yet do more ; but as he came from Randalls immediately to Hartfield , she could then exercise all her quick observation , and speedily determine how he was influenced , and how she must act .
`` I made you so you could stand up .
Any one of a host of international or domestic factors , however , could accelerate or delay these developments .
But then his voice and way , and altogether , if one could get them to the life , they ' d be better than anything on the stage ; better even than anything I ' ve seen to - night ; and I think you ' d make a capital Quaker for my Lady Battersby ; but then the thing is , one can never get to hear the old quiz talk .
Under the shadow of that arrogant face MacIan could only fall back on the obvious answer : " But what about a man ' s irreligion ?"
She was rested and could mount a charge .
' They told me you had been to her , And mentioned me to him : She gave me a good character , But said I could not swim .
said her brother to Colonel Brandon , in a low voice , as soon as he could secure his attention ,-- " She has not such good health as her sister ,-- she is very nervous ,-- she has not Elinor ' s constitution ;-- and one must allow that there is something very trying to a young woman who HAS BEEN a beauty in the loss of her personal attractions .
Family Service could not open its doors to a single family without the financial support of the United Givers Fund .
He now thought that the most prudent course he could possibly follow would be to HUSH UP matters with the Prices with all convenient speed .
Robyn opened her mouth , but before she could put it to the test he clamped a hot sweaty palm over her lips . 
The artillery bombardment was such that the starving and bewildered Russians could not withstand it ; they retreated in disorder over the frontier . 
It was held that the seller could not recover any of the price since the buyer was no longer the owner of either of the cars , the ownership having reverted to the seller on the resale . 
Suppose now , he should tumble in upon me at midnight -- how could I tell from what vile hole he had been coming ?
Guy had always liked tall women , preferably those built on rather buxom lines , but right now he could n't for the life of him remember why . 
Listening for hours to his laments that the war and `` Mist Fair's '' poverty afterwards had robbed the mare of many a racing triumph , and to his predictions of greatness for the procession of foals to come , Jenny could look forward to years of conflict with an animal who disliked her intensely and showed it .
Yet it could not have been more than a matter of seconds , and then the front of the British army came into view .
She could not immediately have uttered another sentence ; her heart was too full , her breath too much oppressed .
State officials could n't be reached for comment late yesterday .
And his brethren could not answer him ; for they were troubled at his presence .
For those of you shying away from hopping around in the water and tired of pedalling away on a bike , a new stepping machine from Powersport International could be just the thing you 're after . 
He had gone on about lofts. people in New York , apparently , lived in lofts , presumably because they could n't afford houses . 
You could n't invent stuff like this . 
How could he be intimidated by the threat of expulsion from this godforsaken country ? 
Perhaps it was n't the most tactful question but she could n't help herself ; she did n't have much experience at this . 
He could hear the pursuers getting closer . 
We swam for about quarter of an hour and then walked back to the cave , dried ourselves as best we could on our shirts , and drove on , chests bare . 
` Why should investors risk money when they could obtain 20% returns from assured tenancy schemes with non-recourse loans and guaranteed by the bank ? " added Mr Taylor .
Manager Graeme Souness 's touchline ban meant he could only watch in anguish from the directors ' box . 
You policemen are cruel to the poor , but I could forgive you even your cruelty if it were not for your calm ."
Sir Hal alleged that Sir Patrick urged him not to produce documents which could have cleared businessmen accused of illegally exporting weapons . 
Though she did not feel the first intelligence as she might have done the day before , or an hour before , its interest soon increased ; and before their first conversation was over , she had talked herself into all the sensations of curiosity , wonder and regret , pain and pleasure , as to this fortunate Miss Hawkins , which could conduce to place the Martins under proper subordination in her fancy .
He was banging non-stop around the house all day , bellowing ` TELEPHONE " when everyone could hear it ring , sitting at the piano without even looking at the keys , and making an excruciating racket . 
A few days after the eruption , the surface of the lava became so cool that people could walk upon it , though several feet beneath the surface it was still exceedingly hot .
And if you had asked him on what his throbbing happiness hung , he could only have told you that it hung on four or five visible facts , as a curtain hangs on four of five fixed nails .
In Tokyo , a JAL spokesman said he could n't confirm or deny the latest Japanese report .
46 : 2 They stoop , they bow down together ; they could not deliver the burden , but themselves are gone into captivity .
So she was considering in her own mind ( as well as she could , for the hot day made her feel very sleepy and stupid ), whether the pleasure of making a daisy - chain would be worth the trouble of getting up and picking the daisies , when suddenly a White Rabbit with pink eyes ran close by her .
Although Rangers could have snatched a point in the dying moments when Allen 's shot was blocked , an equalister would have been harsh . 
Marianne was in a silent agony , too much oppressed even for tears ; but as Mrs . Jennings was luckily not come home , they could go directly to their own room , where hartshorn restored her a little to herself .
El Cid 's charging cavalrymen , riding in a tightly disciplined formation , could strike at their enemy with tremendous force , wheeling and then retreating swiftly .
It is hard to see how the situation could be otherwise .
" Well , then , just at the turn of the corner , at the end of the lane , as I was looking about for the shuttlecock , I heard a great rustling somewhere near me , and so I looked where it could come from ; and I saw , in a nice little garden , on the opposite side of the way , a boy , about as big as Tarlton , sitting in a great tree , shaking the branches : so I called to the boy , to beg one ; but he said he could not give me one , for that they were his grandfather ' s ; and just at that minute , from behind a gooseberry bush , up popped the uncle ; the grandfather poked his head out of the window ; so I ran off as fast as my legs would carry me though I heard him bawling after me all the way ."
He could go to the police .
He simply could not fathom ` the ethical questions raised by me as his bishop " .
From the height of the rooftop they could see right over to the Kālādika , where one patch of sunset still remained , splashed across the sky , like a spilled pot of paint . 
Two proposed sites in Blackbird Leys have been included in the Green Belt , which could hinder the commercial development United says will be needed to help pay for the new all seater stadium .
Some politicians said the move could jeopardize the package of political deals approved Feb. 13 to heal rifts between the country 's main communities at a time of decreased sectarian violence .
When she was n't preparing food she could barely swallow , or making hot drinks , or washing up , he was instructing her on how to use the boat 's equipment .
He found he could not be useful , and his feelings were too much irritated for talking .
The little Jackal ran away as fast as he could , and as he ran he called out ,--
The skirt of her lavender robe flew trickwise round her legs , fielding her first step before she could quite make it . 
Deploying large numbers of Kurds and Shiites in an invasion of Fallouja could prove risky in the sectarian tinderbox that is contemporary Iraq .
They knew only , as they retraced their steps through the deep woodland of the park , that they could no longer be content at Racedown , even had it been possible for them to remain there . 
To my mind , it begins so well that it could easily be mistaken for a translation of an eighth-century hermit 's verse , composed in a beehive hut by a contented holy man of Old Ireland . 
" Then , by this calculation , I find I could , for less than half the money your uniforms would cost , purchase for each of you boys a warm great - coat , which you will want , I have a notion , this winter upon the Downs ."
It was a melancholy change ; and Emma could not but sigh over it , and wish for impossible things , till her father awoke , and made it necessary to be cheerful .
Requiring every plant over 30 years old to meet New Source Performance Standards and New Source Review modification requirements seems unnecessary and could undermine the benefits of the cap and trade approach .
At the first reading of this note , " the entertaining " Mr . Frederick , and the " charming " Miss Marianne laughed heartily , and looked at Sophy , as if they were afraid that she should think it possible they could like such gross flattery ; but upon a second perusal , Marianne observed that it certainly was very good - natured of Mrs . Theresa to remember the macaroons ; and Frederick allowed that it was wrong to laugh at the poor woman because she had the headache .
I could send the money right back '' .
In addition the late appearance of the peptide in some of the morbidly obese subjects could be associated with perturbation of appetite control in these subjects . 
Patients who have little chance of being well enough to leave hospital even if resuscitated by medical specialists could make it known beforehand that they prefer to be left alone .
Hitherto they had passed through the quietest part of the town , meeting at most one or two pedestrians , who could give them no hint of the peace or the hostility of the place .
What strength , or what constancy of affection he might be subject to , was another point ; but at present she could not doubt his having a decidedly warm admiration , a conscious preference of herself ; and this persuasion , joined to all the rest , made her think that she _must_ be a little in love with him , in spite of every previous determination against it .
Her jacket could have come from Oxfam , her boots , on the other hand , looked hand-made . 
If A-Z could buy Ticonderoga cheaply and use their presses and dies and other equipment , if William could hit precisely the right promotion note , if the money hurdle was not insurmountable .
Far as the eye could see ran the rifles of his friends , every one of whom would shoot him dead if he could not answer the challenge .
I could n't get my tongue around the consonants ; I lisped . 
But the delay could happen if B.A.T does n't get adequate bids , he said .
When I met Butch I just could n't believe it -- he stuttered worse than me ! 
Some witnesses said that the pro-government fighters used live ammunition , but the reports could not be independently verified .
In the judgment delivered on 7th May the court found that Section 79 had been correctly interpreted by the Law Society and that the Assistant Director 's decision could not be faulted in terms of rationality or fairness . 
Shelley nodded , satisfied that her hunch could be correct . 
The Doctor looked away from Bernice for a moment , and she could have sworn it was with genuine remorse . 
She moved away , walking beside the river , but she could hear footsteps behind her in the grass , and felt love all around her , like perfume in the air . 
I ran along the stony path to Sam 's large shed in my socks and hardly felt the discomfort , and found to my relief that I could get inside easily enough -- no lock on the door . 
After all , you never know , I could still be spotted . 
Then he walked over to a big pine - tree , stood up on his hind legs , reached as high up on the trunk of the tree as he could , and scratched the bark with his great claws .
It is obligatory that you keep the Process and Working Directories for each LIFESPAN Process separate from those for other LIFESPAN Processes , otherwise several LIFESPANs could cause fatal interactions between themselves .
I was shouting at Bobbie , calling her a fool and a murderer , as if one were as bad as the other , and all the time I could feel Jules ' body twitching beside me . 
34 : 12 And the men did the work faithfully : and the overseers of them were Jahath and Obadiah , the Levites , of the sons of Merari ; and Zechariah and Meshullam , of the sons of the Kohathites , to set it forward ; and other of the Levites , all that could skill of instruments of musick .
In view of Eisenhower's reluctance to concede that anything was amiss in the Terror , it is doubtful that heroic intervention by Dulles could have produced anything but disaster for him and the country's foreign policy .
Isabella promised that she would send her a fresh supply of flax , and Caroline bought the bogberries from the little girls , and gave them money enough to buy a pound of coarse cotton for knitting , as Mary said that she could teach them how to knit .
These lists could also be extended to include your collection of commercially produced effects , discs and tapes , and video recordings from which background sound could be dubbed direct . 
These are my preferences , but many other professional art materials could be substituted with similar results .
Since jade can not be flaked , like flint and obsidian , it could only be shaped by grinding it with sand on a piece of wood for weeks or months . 
A better understanding of the mechanisms that underlie natural immunity to pneumococcus could pave the way for the development of more effective , species-specific pneumococcal vaccines .
That evening she typed up her interviews , she ate her usual boil-in-the-bag , individual meal , she washed up her plate , she rang up the only two rooms to let that sounded like feasible propositions ( the first one had gone and the second was intended solely for male occupation : ` I only take gentlemen " ) and then , instead of reaching for the corkscrew , as was normally her wont at this time of night , she sat for a long while , gazing into the gas fire 's flame , wondering if life or fate or whatever it was could possibly -- a second time -- have engineered her future by means of making her pregnant . 
A suitable form of wording could be devised to avoid the risk of inviting a flood of claims , spurious or genuine . 
The point was quite sharp , although not as sharp as sable , but as I work quite quickly , I could load the brush fully .
She could only think and worry for John . 
Rifles were so near that the wood and ridge could be patrolled at regular intervals ; therefore it was useless to hide in the wood till morning .
Do n't wait until Christmas Eve to defrost the turkey -- it could take up to two days to thaw ! 
But this little pool , instead of being beautiful and clear so that Buster could see right to the bottom of it and so tell if there were any fish there , was so muddy that he couldn ' t see into it at all .
When she looked around Deborah could see the roof and chimneys peeping above the brow of the meadow . 
and it was but yesterday I was telling Mr . Cole , I really was ashamed to look at our new grand pianoforte in the drawing - room , while I do not know one note from another , and our little girls , who are but just beginning , perhaps may never make any thing of it ; and there is poor Jane Fairfax , who is mistress of music , has not any thing of the nature of an instrument , not even the pitifullest old spinet in the world , to amuse herself with .-- I was saying this to Mr . Cole but yesterday , and he quite agreed with me ; only he is so particularly fond of music that he could not help indulging himself in the purchase , hoping that some of our good neighbours might be so obliging occasionally to put it to a better use than we can ; and that really is the reason why the instrument was bought -- or else I am sure we ought to be ashamed of it .-- We are in great hopes that Miss Woodhouse may be prevailed with to try it this evening ."
Forster was so smitten by the result that he could not trust his voice to announce the Nazi gains on the radio , and is said to have spent the night at home weeping uncontrollably .
And he could see his Mum and Dad outside the house talking to Jack . 
With a range of 10,000 miles , the aircraft could have managed its mission although each sortie would have taken nearly thirty hours !
The girls would return from extended lunchbreaks in the city centre -- a problem Personnel conceded they could n't resolve -- rustling their voluminous plastic bags whose contents they would then exhaustively compare and discuss . 
As soon as she could , she went after Mary , and having found , and walked back with her to their former station , by the stile , felt some comfort in their whole party being immediately afterwards collected , and once more in motion together .
Anne drew a little back , while the others received his compliments , and her sister his apologies for calling at so unusual an hour , but " he could not be so near without wishing to know that neither she nor her friend had taken cold the day before ," & c . & c ; which was all as politely done , and as politely taken , as possible , but her part must follow then .
There are some who will say that if Lincoln did not intend specifically to articulate the preamble to a new constitution , then the words spoken at Gettysburg could not possibly be , as I claim , the preamble to the postbellum constitution .
Groups of Muslim demonstrators retaliated by attacking the nearby Holiday Inn with small arms and grenades in an effort to dislodge several snipers who could be seen firing from the hotel 's upper floors . 
He put out his arm , so that she could lie by him , inside it , but she felt treacherous and untruthful , for he would not have liked what she was thinking . 
He had been to the farm the previous day and he could have said they needed the ax or hatchet at the farm .
As fast as I could , I ran down the hill and jumped out of the trees between the prisoner and the two wild men .
Ahmed , the information minister , dismissed the suggestion that the list of possible suspects in Thursday 's assassination attempt could include members of the Pakistani military , which is headquartered not far from where the attack occurred .
She could see the White Rabbit , who was hurrying away and still talking to himself . 
Kidd could see the finger of the dial stand up dark against the sky like the dorsal fin of a shark and the vain moonlight clinging to that idle clock .
Mr. Edelman could n't be reached for comment .
People could think what they liked about her mental state , as long as they did n't stand in her way . 
8 : 18 And the magicians did so with their enchantments to bring forth lice , but they could not : so there were lice upon man , and upon beast .
She saw it with concern ; for what could a silent man of five and thirty hope , when opposed to a very lively one of five and twenty ?
The idea burst into her mind , a sudden radiant solution , that she could rush along to the pet shop at lunchtime and apologize , ask him to forgive her and make everything all right . 
Paul lay still and silent till the doctor came ; a burly , bearded man who examined him after making sure that they could be left undisturbed . 
After six still seconds Turnbull could stand it no longer , but called out to the dwarfish thing -- in what words heaven knows .
Mrs . Weston , kind - hearted and musical , was particularly interested by the circumstance , and Emma could not help being amused at her perseverance in dwelling on the subject ; and having so much to ask and to say as to tone , touch , and pedal , totally unsuspicious of that wish of saying as little about it as possible , which she plainly read in the fair heroine ' s countenance .
At last , when the Jew was informed that the coins were stolen , and that he would be proceeded against as a receiver of stolen goods , if he did not confess the whole truth , he declared that he had purchased them from a gentleman , whom he had never seen before or since ; but he added , that he could swear to his person , if he saw him again .
` Colour Of Spring " , released in ` 85 , was the majestic , towering album that Talk Talk 's growing legion of fans had always known the band could make . 
It was very desirable that the connexion should be renewed , if it could be done , without any compromise of propriety on the side of the Elliots ."
Could he be afraid to put them into words ?
A post-mortem examination could not ascertain the cause of death . 
It would not have been the awkwardness of a moment , it would have been rather a pleasure , previous to the suspicions of this very day ; she could have talked to him of Harriet , and the three - quarters of a mile would have seemed but one .
From Burlington , outgoing mail could be ferried across Lake Champlain to the railroad at Port Kent , N. Y. .
It is interesting to see how warm he grew toward Alexander Hamilton ( he signed his letters `` I am Your Affectionate '' ) , and how awkward and self-conscious toward Jefferson , whose allies were berating Washington `` in such exaggerated and indecent terms as could scarcely be applied to a Nero ; a notorious defaulter ; or even to a common pick-pocket . ''
The Christians , however , could not hold the city .
The regiments reorganized , and through the heat of the day they marched for Athens ` as fast as their feet could carry them " . 
Rory could n't help but wonder if he could hear her heart beating , since it was thundering in her own ears like jungle drums . 
It was disappointingly empty of anything I could comprehend ; mainly there was local news , with a great deal of editorializing about the German Constitution . 
With enough chips and a large enough training set , it could in principle recognise any class of retinal images with absolute confidence . 
She could not , however , reach such a degree of certainty , as not to be anxious to hear whether anything had been said on the subject at the other house , where the Crofts had previously been calling .
He stood up , stretched , looked around for the bubbles , but could see none .
We have to tell ourselves that when Parker spoke in this vein , he believed what he said , because he could continue , `` But the truth , which cost me bitter tears to say , I must speak , though it cost other tears hotter than fire '' .
It was a great consolation that Mr . Elton should not be really in love with her , or so particularly amiable as to make it shocking to disappoint him -- that Harriet ' s nature should not be of that superior sort in which the feelings are most acute and retentive -- and that there could be no necessity for any body ' s knowing what had passed except the three principals , and especially for her father ' s being given a moment ' s uneasiness about it .
Pre-assault bombardments were made when surprise was unnecessary , as in most Pacific island assaults when the Japanese could not reinforce a garrison .
William claimed that Richard cheated by plunging his sword into William 's horse when he found that he could not win by fair means . 
Marianne ' s eagerness to be gone declared her dependence on finding him there ; and Elinor was resolved not only upon gaining every new light as to his character which her own observation or the intelligence of others could give her , but likewise upon watching his behaviour to her sister with such zealous attention , as to ascertain what he was and what he meant , before many meetings had taken place .
" If I could find a spud or something I ' d do it myself ."
At Doctor Middleton ' s school , there was a great tall dunce of the name of Fisher , who never could be taught how to look out a word in the dictionary .
The earthquake is likely to reduce GNP negligibly in the near term and then could raise it a bit as rebuilding begins .
He went into the Jewish quarter , wanting to draw Hebraic faces so that he could reach a visual understanding of how Christ might have looked .
And in short , she said more than her husband could long withstand , and as none of the others could oppose when he gave way , there was no help for it ; the change of Mary for Anne was inevitable .
By diffusing gas in or out of the bladder or expelling it directly through the connecting tube , a fish could accurately control its level in the water . 
Pozzatti and I could not know then that we would experience this sort of treatment more often in Moscow than elsewhere .
But he , as I can now retort , was the man who could see so short a distance ahead that after a visit to Russia he gave voice to the famous exclamation : `` I have seen the future and it works '' .
Undeterred by an evasive reply , he told me he could even provide a reliable guide who would conduct me across the border . 
Every thing was silent ; this could not be borne many seconds ; she opened the door , advanced a few steps towards the stairs , and after listening half a minute , returned into the room in all the agitation which a conviction of having heard him would naturally produce ; in the ecstasy of her feelings at that instant she could not help exclaiming , " Oh , Elinor , it is Willoughby , indeed it is !"
I dropped my handkerchief so that I could get a closer look . 
Further , I would hope that we could pay attention to little things .
when Millions of fierce encountering Angels fought On either side , the least of whom could wield These elements , and arm him with the force Of all their regions : How much more of power Army against army numberless to raise Dreadful combustion warring , and disturb , Though not destroy , their happy native seat ; Had not the Eternal King Omnipotent , From his strong hold of Heaven , high over - ruled And limited their might ; though numbered such As each divided legion might have seemed A numerous host ; in strength each armed hand A legion ; led in fight , yet leader seemed Each warriour single as in chief , expert When to advance , or stand , or turn the sway Of battle , open when , and when to close The ridges of grim war : No thought of flight , None of retreat , no unbecoming deed That argued fear ; each on himself relied , As only in his arm the moment lay Of victory : Deeds of eternal fame Were done , but infinite ; for wide was spread That war and various ; sometimes on firm ground A standing fight , then , soaring on main wing , Tormented all the air ; all air seemed then Conflicting fire .
But before he could besiege Turenne , sickness among his men caused him to withdraw .
Gabriel shook his head furiously ; then hurried back to the Mason as fast as he could go without spilling the liquor .
He would have laid down to sleep again , but he could hear now the howls of hungry wolves in the woods ; that it did not sound pleasant .
They were passing the lemon groves now , almost at the roundabout close to the gate to Monte Samana , and she could smell the ripe fruit in the warm darkness . 
Half the sum of attraction , on either side , might have been enough , for he had nothing to do , and she had hardly anybody to love ; but the encounter of such lavish recommendations could not fail .
" Would you make me a hole ," said the old white garraun , " where I could go in to hide whenever the people come to fetch me to the mill or the kiln , so that they won ' t see me ; for they tire me out doing work for them ?"
Sir Claude had carried the arts of publicity to perfection ; and he seemed to take a crazy pleasure in being equally ostentatious in an intrigue that could do him no sort of honour .
Someone could have put it away or be using it to sweep up a broken wine glass . 
That could make it tricky for investors who need to sell their holdings quickly before the securities mature .
The crypt ( which could go back to the first basilica to be built on the site , in the ninth century AD ) , should be completely restored within a year . 
Greater than stars or suns , Bounding O soul thou journeyest forth ; What love than thine and ours could wider amplify ?
I know he had horses to - day -- for we arrived together ; and I laughed at him about it , but he said not a word that could betray ."
A BroadBeach spokeswoman said the company sold the stock in the open market and thus could n't identify the buyer or buyers .
As Katherine emerged from the cinema , blinking in the sunlight , she could not comprehend the scene in front of her . 
But Ferdinand 's bankrupt Spain could not produce the small army that might have postponed defeat . 
As he moved into the darkened hallway he could see those conifers bowing deferentially to the strong breeze . 
More than once I was confronted by professional gamblers , `` bookies '' , loan `` sharks '' , gangsters , `` thugs '' and `` finger men '' -- people of a class I did not even know existed -- to repay my husband's staggering losses , `` or else '' I shuddered to think that someone so dear to me could even associate with such a sinister milieu .
But approaching two thousand voters -- the mothers and fathers of Pate 's School pupils -- could now be influenced by the letter . 
At last Anne was at home again , and happier than any one in that house could have conceived .
Even the solid figures walking with him Syme could hardly see for the patterns of sun and shade that danced upon them .
For the U.S. to lend even the slightest support to the most infamous killers on Indochina 's bleak scene could only disturb America 's allies elsewhere .
It was n't as if he could see her in the flimsy satin nightdress , was it ?
We left her outside where she could at least get some fresh air and ran back , " he said , adding that he then helped another man whose leg had been severed .
He could not manage the former or expect the latter ; ;
Earlier this month , IMA said it had received about $ 1 billion of senior debt financing from Chemical Bank and six other banks ; Chemical Bank said it was `` highly confident '' it could arrange the balance of about $ 509 million .
If Mr. Krenz sticks to rigid policies the pressure from the Soviet Union could intensify .
All could help the President make his decision .
Even so the most ingenious phraseology could not truly reconcile the many disparate concerns of the allies . 
If I could persuade myself that my manners were perfectly easy and graceful , I should not be shy ."
She could not but hear ; she could not avoid answering ,
But to people who are not trained in science it simply did not seem possible that mankind 's puny factories , and even punier cars and refrigerators , could have an effect on the well-being of the entire world .
" If I could but make their work easier , or give the hungry ones food , or the thirsty a drink !"
` We could n't possibly cycle there and back in a day . " 
With their undisguised ruthlessness of purpose the Nazis combined a blind belief in the righteousness of their will against all mankind , so that Hitler could regard himself -- like Tamburlaine -- as the scourge of God : 
Yet she suffered his grief with him , wanting to share his sorrow , hoping that she could alleviate some of his pain . 
` I wonder if the culprit could be a foreigner ? " he suggested . 
But she could sense when he was getting her ready for a match and stood like a statue , even dropping her head for him to clip her mane . 
One could hardly blame Newbold Morris , the Parks Commissioner , for devoting so much grateful mention to the department's technicians who at short notice provided the stage with its rising platforms , its balcony , its generous wings and even its impressive trapdoors for the use of the villains .
The idea is splendid , but it could have been so much more impressive with a little extra care in the presentation . 
Life could do nothing for her , beyond giving time for a better preparation for death ; and that was given .
At first , Johnnie hadn't understood -- how could he , not being a religious person like me ? ?
As I stood there clutching my ` Janet and John " , I could hear the typewriter clanking and rattling in the distance . 
Emma saw his anxiety , and wishing to appease it , at least for the present , said , and with a sincerity which no one could question --
She could do without large conscript armies to defend land frontiers and needed long-service troops who could be employed overseas for long periods .
He was right , and Peter Marshall could not help but recall Andrew Cordier's words on the subject , `` Well , it seemed as good a place as any to do the job '' .
When he was speaking of it in that way , I honestly said that _the_ _world_ I could give up -- parties , balls , plays -- for I had no fear of retirement .
Then I came to a flight of steps , and then to a blind door , secured by a latch of elaborate Eastern ironwork , which I could only trace by touch , but which I loosened at last .
By no social law , rigid or implied , could he be supposed to linger round the lunch of the Anglo - Indian friends ; but he lingered , covering his position with torrents of amusing but quite needless conversation .
Howard cocked an eyebrow , intrigued that a newcomer could know such a thing , but the Doctor did n't notice as he continued : ` In the city , it 'll be complete chaos . 
The long dark line was dotted with torches and lanterns ; but even where no flame lit up a furious face , they could see in the farthest figure , in the most shadowy gesture , an organised hate .
After having inquired sufficiently , after having seen several wells , in which the water had evidently decreased , and after having seen the mill - wheels that were standing still for want of their usual supply , he hastened home to his father and mother , reported what he had heard and seen , and begged of them to remove , and to take what things of value they could to some distance from the dangerous spot where they now resided .
In privacy he could walk around , leave the light on , read .
His tongue flicked out as if snake-like he could taste the scent of Ember 's blood 
Henrietta murmured that she could quite see how it would , and he nodded approval of her womanly good sense .
He understood what would be welcome ; he could be sure of little else .
You may guess , therefore , that the news he heard from his friend could not be very agreeable , and you may guess what it produced ; the resolution of coming back to Bath as soon as possible , and of fixing himself here for a time , with the view of renewing his former acquaintance , and recovering such a footing in the family as might give him the means of ascertaining the degree of his danger , and of circumventing the lady if he found it material .
The presentation of a petition could have a dramatic , if momentary , effect on parliament . 
How she longed to get out of that dark hall , and wander about among those beds of bright flowers and those cool fountains , but she could not even get her head through the doorway ; ' and even if my head would go through ,' thought poor Alice , ' it would be of very little use without my shoulders .
Now , as those polar fisheries could only be prosecuted in the short summer of that climate , so that the whole cruise of one of these Dutch whalemen , including the short voyage to and from the Spitzbergen sea , did not much exceed three months , say , and reckoning 30 men to each of their fleet of 180 sail , we have 5 , 400 Low Dutch seamen in all ; therefore , I say , we have precisely two barrels of beer per man , for a twelve weeks ' allowance , exclusive of his fair proportion of that 550 ankers of gin .
Asked for comment , Walker Merryman , a vice president of the Tobacco Institute , said new efforts to restrict tobacco advertising in the U.S. could violate the First Amendment protection of free speech .
One Midland industrial city child could vividly recall the country cottage of his gardener grandfather :
Clive 's fist hit the side of his head before he could blink , and in an instant he was crushed under all four boys and someone rammed the soap into his mouth . 
It is such a pretty charade , my dear , that I can easily guess what fairy brought it .-- Nobody could have written so prettily , but you , Emma ."
For as long as she could remember she had herself been in love with the man who led the greyhounds and their attendants on a dignified procession round the track before the race began . 
A proposal to abolish capital punishment was defeated ; the death penalty could be imposed for treason , aggravated murder , rape of a minor , and " crimes against peace and the safety of mankind " . 
She had always confided in Tony , but for some reason she could not confide that . 
she exclaimed in a tone of great dismay , and began picking them up again as quickly as she could , for the accident of the goldfish kept running in her head , and she had a vague sort of idea that they must be collected at once and put back into the jury - box , or they would die .
and we watch him amid the overtones which suggest he could never in any conscience urge a risk upon the voters .
I gazed upwards and could see a few stars twinkling in the sky , one seemed much brighter than the others . 
But I have no right , and I could have no chance of succeeding .
Libya currently has only a primitive capability to refuel such aircraft in mid-air , although it could potentially strike at Israel .
“ Could … could I skip the shopping and look at buildings too ? ” 
" Yes , simpleton as I was !-- but I am quite ashamed of it now , and wish I could forget as easily as I can burn them .
A spokesman for the National Rivers Authority said the city could face further problems if the snow on higher ground begins to melt quickly . 
Emma could not but feel all this ; and then , her face -- her features -- there was more beauty in them altogether than she had remembered ; it was not regular , but it was very pleasing beauty .
Captain Wentworth , with five - and - twenty thousand pounds , and as high in his profession as merit and activity could place him , was no longer nobody .
Even so , navigation would be a problem -- especially since you could not predict where you would arrive . 
Tolkien 's letter reveals that in the original draft of the story the hero is called not Ransom but Unwin ( 'The latter detail could I am sure be altered' ) . 
You do not think I could mean _you_ , or suppose Mr . Knightley to mean _you_ .
These people used to be called brokers , but apparently this word either is not grandiose enough or carries too many negative connotations from the aforementioned technical correction , when terrified customers could n't raise brokers on the phone .
A newly-wed husband legally acquired all his wife 's real and personal property , and he could dispose of it exactly as he thought fit . 
I reminded myself that he paid me to teach Adèle , nothing more , and that no other relationship could exist between us .
There was also a man of reflection , who was much simpler but much stronger , who could not easily be stopped ; whose thought was always ( in the only intelligent sense of the words ) free thought .
Similarly , the Kurds proposed a compromise so Allawi could head the stalled National Council for Higher Policies .
Work that might cost $500 to $750 in the South could cost $750 to $1,200 in New York City or Chicago .
At first Matilda could not believe her own eyes .
` So , " Leith swallowed down at least four contradictions she could have lobbed at him , and queried sarcastically instead , ` what would you like to talk about ? " 
However , the authors warned that the high percentage of HCoV -NL63-positive samples could be due to a strong viral activity in the study year , and long-term studies are needed to determine whether HCoV -NL63 infections occur in cycles peaking every two to three years , as observed for other respiratory viruses .
Students living in crowded dormitories under the watchful eyes of their ` banzhuren " and monitors could be kept in line relatively easily . 
I 'd naively thought they could mount some low-profile operation to catch Andy watching his own funeral ; I 'd imagined cops slinking through the undergrowth , whispering into radios , gradually closing in . 
I could not possibly entertain the mad supposition that you would stay at Mannheim , where there is no longer a court …
If the administration does not succeed in passing the sales tax bill , or any other tax bill , it could very well be faced this spring at the fiscal session of the Legislature with an interesting dilemma .
The prince 's personal press secretary Dickie Arbiter ferried them round the Queen 's estate at Sandringham , Norfolk , so they could film the photographers snapping the royal shooting party from a public road . 
I duly notified ` the appropriate authorities " , and they replied that they could not prevent him from going because he was an English subject . 
` Could n't that great bookcase thing be done away with ?
Rather more perceptive ( I felt ) was an article in The Independent , a London newspaper , which said that even a serious scientific book like A Brief History of Time could become a cult book . 
It could be argued that only such neighborhoods can sustain religious activity , since worship presupposes some local stabilities .
Since the defection of the former Labour Leader Alan Winmill , and a tory bye election victory , the Conservatives have maintained a fragile hold on power , but that could change tomorrow . 
Tomorrow , she would go to the finest jeweller in London and sell the gems for the best price she could get . 
She was a plain , motherly kind of woman , who had worked hard in her youth , and now thought herself entitled to the occasional holiday of a tea - visit ; and having formerly owed much to Mr . Woodhouse ' s kindness , felt his particular claim on her to leave her neat parlour , hung round with fancy - work , whenever she could , and win or lose a few sixpences by his fireside .
She could recall that when she and Jessie were small he used to romp with them , crawl round the floor with them on his back . 
Though he suspected the first meet outside Weimar had aborted , one never knew ; Morenz could have motored over at dawn . 
He might not be aware of the inroads on domestic peace to be occasioned by no housekeeper ' s room , or a bad butler ' s pantry , but no doubt he did perfectly feel that Enscombe could not make him happy , and that whenever he were attached , he would willingly give up much of wealth to be allowed an early establishment .
No doubt the underlying idea was to show that for all the elegance and artistry that have distinguished its presentations thus far , it too could give a circus if it pleased .
and yet , she could not help rather anticipating something decisive .
I kneed him in the balls as hard as I could . 
STUART McCALL warned Leeds last night that their heartbreaking European Cup exit could wreck their season . 
The teacher could provide containers ( boxes , drawers , jars , etc. ) , perhaps labelled with colour pictures , so that equipment can be sorted and put in the right place .
This time when he kissed me , his mouth stayed on mine , and I opened my lips a little , and so did he , and I could taste him in my mouth . 
But if the opposition remains fractured , the Congress -LRB- I -RRB- could win a small majority , or lead a coalition government .
Gaza 's police chief , Brig. Gen. Nasr Yousef , has said his men could easily disarm the underground gunmen .
Modigliani needed encouragement himself and he enjoyed the admiration of the two and gave them his ageing clothes when he could . 
His secret ambition was for the Argentine ban to be lifted so he could get to England and avenge Pedro 's death by taking out the English and especially one poker-faced Guards Officer . 
When he came down very coolly to the field of honour , no one could have guessed that he had any anxiety about a journey ; his hands were in his pockets , his straw hat on the back of his head , his handsome face brazen in the sun .
It seemed to Buster that he had had all that he could stand that day and a little more .
If mankind could be convinced of that
Other synonyms could of course serve the same function , and for the sake of ease I shall speak of kennings and epithets in the widest and loosest possible sense , and name , for example , Gar-Dene a kenning for the Danes .
The cat 's owner was leaving the area and could not keep the animal , and she wanted it to have a nice home . 
Maybe it would have been easier if Luke had shouted and let loose the anger Fran could sense seething inside him , but he did n't . 
` You could have lent it to me , " Paula said , peeved . 
Lady Russell and Anne paid their compliments to them once , when Anne could not but feel that Uppercross was already quite alive again .
Now when ambrosial night with clouds exhaled From that high mount of God , whence light and shade Spring both , the face of brightest Heaven had changed To grateful twilight , ( for night comes not there In darker veil ,) and roseat dews disposed All but the unsleeping eyes of God to rest ; Wide over all the plain , and wider far Than all this globous earth in plain outspread , ( Such are the courts of God ) the angelick throng , Dispersed in bands and files , their camp extend By living streams among the trees of life , Pavilions numberless , and sudden reared , Celestial tabernacles , where they slept Fanned with cool winds ; save those , who , in their course , Melodious hymns about the sovran throne Alternate all night long : but not so waked Satan ; so call him now , his former name Is heard no more in Heaven ; he of the first , If not the first Arch - Angel , great in power , In favour and pre - eminence , yet fraught With envy against the Son of God , that day Honoured by his great Father , and proclaimed Messiah King anointed , could not bear Through pride that sight , and thought himself impaired .
Two days before he was taken sick , Cousin Elec was out worrying about what too much rain might do to his sweetpeas , and Cousin Elec had always preserved in the top drawer of his secretary a mother-of-pearl paper knife which Theresa had coveted as a child and which he had promised she could have when he died .
During the heart-rending scenes , viewers were told thousands would die unless the Red Cross could raise £2 million by February . 
Harriet could not very soon give an intelligible account .
Sir , -- Nine years ago I volunteered my services as a school governor , believing that the expertise I could offer would be helpful to headteacher , staff and pupils . 
Nevertheless links could not be denied -- the chief director of the Association was a vice-president of a major industrial group , and its policy and planning officer the former editor of one of the city 's newspapers . 
The loss of just a handful of Democratic seats could create an effective Republican majority on specific issues , and could even put that chamber under Republican control .
You are bound to lose her trust and you could wreck your marriage . 
The little Field Mouse looked all about the room as fast as he could , but he could not see any acorn .
She glimpsed him through the glass walls of his studio as she walked past , his watch nailed to a tree so that he could see the time . 
And besides that , my cousin Richard said himself , that when it came to the point he was afraid Mr . Ferrars would be off ; and when Edward did not come near us for three days , I could not tell what to think myself ; and I believe in my heart Lucy gave it up all for lost ; for we came away from your brother ' s Wednesday , and we saw nothing of him not all Thursday , Friday , and Saturday , and did not know what was become of him .
But , in denying any physical reality for this dream , how could the brain possibly compose that realistic , vividly visual continuity uninterrupted by misty fadeout , violent break or sudden substitution ? ?
The collection could have provided the costumes for any blood-curdling remake of The Name of the Rose , but it certainly will not be offering its bewildered clients the perfect festive frock next season . 
He caught officer Simmons' eye , nodded toward young Bearden , and -- `` I swung my right as hard as I could .
There was a man here once , he could take half an hour to drink a bowl of soup , big as an ox . 
But he 'd become depressed about his exams and could n't concentrate on his work . 
However , a court might be prepared to accept ( for instance ) that it would be unreasonable for a manufacturer to exclude liability to a retailer who could not exclude liability vis-à-vis its customers . 
How could you suppose so ?
Before the three cabs , however , could reach up to the spot , he had gone up the high railings like a huge grey cat , tossed himself over , and vanished in a darkness of leaves .
Finally Hernandez said , `` I could offer you advice , Tomas , but you wouldn't heed it '' .
She could not consider her partiality for Edward in so prosperous a state as Marianne had believed it .
Some of the recent development is rather unattractive , but there are a number of excellent resort hotels providing just about everything you could want for a beach vacation .
I could see the happiness in the boy's eyes , the gleeful brutality .
I could -- well , I will , at a pinch -- traipse around these inhabited ruins and try to remember whether Queens is apostrophe ` s " or ` s " apostrophe . 
The Supreme Court ruled on June 15 that the US government could legally abduct people from foreign countries in order to bring them to trial in the USA . 
Where Miss Taylor failed to stimulate , I may safely affirm that Harriet Smith will do nothing .-- You never could persuade her to read half so much as you wished .-- You know you could not ."
The order to abandon ship was given , but cries of pain could be heard from the wounded below decks .
More disappointed than she was prepared to admit , Joan could not entirely conceal her chagrin . 
He knew all the events which could take place on Shayol .
` Are you -- " she began , but before she could finish , the little frog was leaping up and down , nodding its head and croaking so loudly that the girls were afraid someone would hear . 
She knelt to lay the tray on the grass , then , frankly curious , turned to study him in a way she could never have done had he been conscious . 
Grant ' s friendly manners in some degree conquered this prepossession but still he secretly suspected that THIS CIVILITY , as he said , " was all show , and that he was not , nor could not , being a Scotchman , be such a hearty friend as a true - born Englishman ."
i could n't really conceptualize how hard it was to understand that until i until i met with them and i realized that they some of the information that i just you know do n't even realize and know is information
I could follow her drift for seconds at a time , until the half-gratified sense of effort -- or my awareness of watching myself -- intervened , and scattered my thoughts . 
SUMMER is n't over yet -- and next week could well be a real scorcher .
I could tell them , but no one ever asked , why I had cried out so triumphantly at the sight of her body .
So I relaxed as far as I could , and short of thumping my chest like Tarzan , hoped I was emanating nothing but lovely rude health . 
It 's terribly difficult trying to get from them any acknowledgements that there could be something wrong about making a complimentary remark to a young woman . 
Having long had as much money as he could spend , nothing to wish for on the side of avarice or indulgence , he has been gradually learning to pin his happiness upon the consequence he is heir to .
Mr . Knightley , always so kind , so feeling , so truly considerate for every body , would never deserve to be less worshipped than now ; and it really was too much to hope even of Harriet , that she could be in love with more than _three_ men in one year .
The inhalation of airborne uranium particles could lead to " unacceptable body burdens " . 
He joined her and Marianne in the breakfast - room the next morning before the others were down ; and Marianne , who was always eager to promote their happiness as far as she could , soon left them to themselves .
At least he could go without being prodded ; at least he could steel himself against what he must see .
To his right he could see the panorama of the docks spread out below him .
The success of their campaign in gaining publicity has now raised the possibility that hitherto unseen medical evidence could become public . 
But before I could phrase the right remark , the question that would show her I saw no reason why in Conchis 's absence she should maintain the pretending to believe , she stood up . 
And I said I wished I could go and sniff the various scents to see which I liked best . 
The comfort of such a friend at that moment as Colonel Brandon -- or such a companion for her mother ,-- how gratefully was it felt !-- a companion whose judgment would guide , whose attendance must relieve , and whose friendship might soothe her !-- as far as the shock of such a summons COULD be lessened to her , his presence , his manners , his assistance , would lessen it .
Whereof he soon aware , Each perturbation smoothed with outward calm , Artificer of fraud ; and was the first That practised falsehood under saintly show , Deep malice to conceal , couched with revenge : Yet not enough had practised to deceive Uriel once warned ; whose eye pursued him down The way he went , and on the Assyrian mount Saw him disfigured , more than could befall Spirit of happy sort ; his gestures fierce He marked and mad demeanour , then alone , As he supposed , all unobserved , unseen .
Indeed it might be a more appropriate vehicle than NATO for the development of a parliamentary organ of the Atlantic nations , because it could encompass all of the members of the Atlantic community including those , like Sweden and Switzerland , who are unwilling to be associated with an essentially military alliance like Aj .
Complaints about government appointments or policies could only be met by Law with the barren reply that the party could not expect total control and that in coalition such things must happen -- which is just what the critics were saying too . 
About five years ago , Handley came to ask me if he could see the tattered register .
`` I wish I wasn't wearing this ridiculous costume , and that we could go to a theater together , or a nice restaurant , forget we knew '' He stopped speaking .
The station is promised $ 1.8 billion within the $ 5.36 billion provided for research and development in the National Aeronautics and Space Administration , and the nation 's high-speed aerospace plane -- cut by the Senate -- could receive as much as $ 60 million in new funds or transfers .
According to East Germany 's ADN news agency , Mr. Krenz spoke to Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev by telephone over the weekend and acknowledged East Germany could learn from Moscow 's glasnost policies .
After a while , there came a great sickness upon the city , and so many mothers and fathers died that there were more orphans than the asylum could possibly take care of .
The day after we tried to telephone from the post office but could not get through to Alassio .
They would be rendered powerless -- there was no way they could do anything with him .
I could see the socks inside the trainers -- they were Dayglo green , the sort that used to be in fashion years ago -- and they kept walking towards me . 
And now , while both elastic gunwales were springing in and out , as the whale dallied with the doomed craft in this devilish way ; and from his body being submerged beneath the boat , he could not be darted at from the bows , for the bows were almost inside of him , as it were ; and while the other boats involuntarily paused , as before a quick crisis impossible to withstand , then it was that monomaniac Ahab , furious with this tantalizing vicinity of his foe , which placed him all alive and helpless in the very jaws he hated ; frenzied with all this , he seized the long bone with his naked hands , and wildly strove to wrench it from its gripe .
His legs were free to leap like an antelope on the mountains , his arms were free to use any gesture or wave any signal , but he could not speak .
As before , the attentive ship having descried the whole fight , again came bearing down to the rescue , and dropping a boat , picked up the floating mariners , tubs , oars , and whatever else could be caught at , and safely landed them on her decks .
He shuddered a little , but whether at the memory of this vomiting by the water 's edge or of something even uglier Wexford could not tell .
The tragic irony of the play is that the very belief in and concern with a devil who could be met in the woods and combatted with formulae set out in books was the very thing that prevented them from detecting the real devil when he came among them .
The speech was more to Emma than to Harriet , which Emma could understand .
Oh , we ' ve all read a lot about pale - faced phantoms in the dark ; but this was more dreadful than anything of that kind could ever be .
Two private groups are seeking Securities and Exchange Commission approval for plans that could be more broadly transferable .
Jane was crying ; a fretful whimper , as if she was struggling to fall asleep and could not . 
Many times , during the three years , the king , who had his face and voice , had called him to himself , when none else could hear , and had asked him the one question , " Who art thou ?"
Eddie Mahe , a Republican consultant , says the two GOP candidates could have avoided trouble if they had framed the issue first .
I could see he was going to be humble and it depressed me . 
You could put a glass of water on the window edges and it would not spill over . 
Washington has warned it could start supplying weapons to Bosnian government forces , if the Serbs refuse to go along with a regional disarmament plan .
If I could be sure of the rooms being thoroughly aired -- but is Mrs . Stokes to be trusted ?
She couldn't see how her death could affect Maude .
Still , we could just live in sin .
To take her -- be it only an hour or two -- from her aunt , to give her change of air and scene , and quiet rational conversation , even for an hour or two , might do her good ; and the following morning she wrote again to say , in the most feeling language she could command , that she would call for her in the carriage at any hour that Jane would name -- mentioning that she had Mr . Perry ' s decided opinion , in favour of such exercise for his patient .
They were there to study migrating birds , information the military would use to determine if chemicals and diseases could be transported across borders and so be used as vectors by -- or against -- an enemy .
Inside the grand , evil smelling hall , a cassocked figure could be seen panting and swaying as it heaved a paper sack of chicken pellets from off the hall table onto the floor . 
Nonspecific staining could be satisfactorily eliminated by passing these conjugates through a DEAE-cellulose column as described for Af .
Before caution could restrain the impulse , he placed his hand over hers where she was resting it on the low wall in front of them . 
Efforts were made to take the grab samples at random periods so that the mass of data could be treated as a 6-hr. composite sample .
Her form was silhouetted and with the strong light I could see the outlines of her body , a body that an artist or anyone else would have admired .
In the event , Wilson opted for the cosmetic exercise , but no one could foretell this in February 1974 . 
if we could see more deeply , we probably would find many side issues and wrong turnings which came to an end within the period .
Emma could not bear to give him pain .
What finer breakfast could any one have than fresh - caught trout ?
And , not to speak of the highly presumable difference of contour between a young sucking whale and a full - grown Platonian Leviathan ; yet , even in the case of one of those young sucking whales hoisted to a ship ' s deck , such is then the outlandish , eel - like , limbered , varying shape of him , that his precise expression the devil himself could not catch .
The wonder was , how any family upon earth could bear with the inconvenience of its opening as it did , so long !
A car is stolen every minute , and the frightening reality is that your car could be next . 
I explained to Valerie and Keith that a relationship could be anything they cared to make it . 
He could just see it ; he 'd be halfway across the yard and alarms would start ringing , and he 'd end up with some bullying police officer carting him away in a Black Maria . 
One could get terribly ecstatic but that would be a dangerous thing to do . 
It gets so frustrating , but then again I don't know what I could do if I gave up racing '' .
However small Elinor ' s general dependence on Lucy ' s veracity might be , it was impossible for her on serious reflection to suspect it in the present case , where no temptation could be answerable to the folly of inventing a falsehood of such a description .
This would exclude land of scientific or ecological value and identify large areas where commercial growers could plant forests . 
You could use a copy command , in which case it is recommended that you verify the copies using BACKUP , or you could use BACKUP and do the copy-and-verify in one operation . 
Lucy here looked up ; but Elinor was careful in guarding her countenance from every expression that could give her words a suspicious tendency .
How far could it be , Watson thought bleakly , how far can a blind man crawl ? ?
I wish I could translate the hints about the dead young men and women , And the hints about old men and mothers , and the offspring taken soon out of their laps .
There was an overpoweringly strong odour of stale tobacco smoke , and beneath that , other smells which were alien to her nostrils and which she could not identify . 
He assumed he could blink the splinter out .
` Yes , I know that she deceived us as to who she is , but how could you believe a word Lord Blaine said about her , and she such a good hardworking girl ? 
Inside , Titford and Barwick could apply the soft-talk while lining their elegant pockets with silver .
His tall , firm , upright figure , among the bulky forms and stooping shoulders of the elderly men , was such as Emma felt must draw every body ' s eyes ; and , excepting her own partner , there was not one among the whole row of young men who could be compared with him .-- He moved a few steps nearer , and those few steps were enough to prove in how gentlemanlike a manner , with what natural grace , he must have danced , would he but take the trouble .-- Whenever she caught his eye , she forced him to smile ; but in general he was looking grave .
It could not surely be Cecilia ," whispered every busy tongue .
But despite the credit enhancements , despite the high ratings , some money managers still worry that a recession could wreak havoc on the underlying assets .
It was she who always made out the bills , for though she had not a great number of lessons from the writing - master , she had taken so much pains to learn that she could write a very neat , legible hand , and she found this very useful .
Born a Congregationalist , he had been baptized as a tiny baby in the usual manner by having a few drops of water sprinkled on his head , yet nowhere in the whole of the New Testament could he find a description of anybody being baptized by sprinkling .
It didn ' t seem possible that such a little fellow as Billy Mink could have caught or frightened all the fish or have eaten so many .
He spoke gently ; he could see the distress in Evelyn 's face . 
If anyone cut themselves , he could smell the scent of blood and would scamper towards it . 
Surkov rang Masha from the lobby and learnt that she felt better ; we could come to her room . 
` No ! " she squeaked , thinking that , far from it taking all his charm , her willingness could be achieved with only a minimum of persuasion . 
The discovery that acupuncture could replace anaesthetics in major surgery attracted the attention of biomedical scientists in the early 1970s . 
The scientists have also warned that no life above ground or underground , sheltered or unsheltered could be expected to survive in an area at least 50 miles in diameter .
I was n't looking forward to the scenes with Joe 's wife , Maggie , because the stick-in-the-mud spouse has become such a cliché -- although I was curious to see what the vivid young actress Anne Heche could do with a role in which she did n't have to shed her clothes .
No outsider , no amateur , could ever fake that sound . 
There are several delivery routes Iran could take for its chemical agents .
This had now been soldered to the main building so well that you could n't see the join . 
He could n't forget he 'd been an Army sergeant , he talked like one and acted as if he was still on a parade ground or something .
Nothing could be more different than his cynical negligence from the dapper dryness of the young American ; but something in his pencil and open notebook , and perhaps in the expression of his alert blue eye , caused Kidd to guess , correctly , that he was a brother journalist .
She could sew the veil on properly in the morning , before she left . 
Three better , more likely sea - officers and men , each in his own different way , could not readily be found , and they were every one of them Americans ; a Nantucketer , a Vineyarder , a Cape man .
Yet she could n't withhold a compassionate gasp as her eye caught sight of blood trickling down his cheek . 
" I am delighted with the plan ," she cried , " it is exactly what I could wish .
A second tale shows still more clearly the kind of powers a truly spiritual monk could possess : `` On one occasion Yang Shan ( Kyo-zan ) saw a stranger monk flying through the air .
` Or I could simply beat you until the blood runs . 
Days eating scraps because I could not bear to enter a shop , talk to another human being , have people see me . 
She thought she had great possibilities in the ballet and wanted to show the eminent producer how well she could dance .
He pushed off the dark glasses because he could n't see to fly .
He could almost fancy that he heard the grass growing ; he could almost fancy that even as he stood fresh flowers were springing up and breaking into blossom in the meadow -- flowers blood red and burning gold and blue , fulfilling the whole pageant of the spring .
It was typical of him that while he had carried his bearded chin forward fiercely so long as anything could be done , when the whole business was taken out of his hands he fell back on the cushions in a frank collapse .
The same story and the same raptures were repeated , when the two girls came with their father , through the gloom of the evening , to make enquiries ; and Mr Musgrove , no longer under the first uneasiness about his heir , could add his confirmation and praise , and hope there would be now no occasion for putting Captain Wentworth off , and only be sorry to think that the cottage party , probably , would not like to leave the little boy , to give him the meeting .
She could hear Mary Deare droning on : ` Her light is going faint , and if it goes out that means she is dead . 
` It is crucial that they do n't feel drowsy -- it could cost them a fortune . " 
" Upon my word ," said she , " I should not have supposed that my opinion of any one could have admitted of such difference of conjecture , steady and matter of fact as I may call myself .
Paul on the other hand was impractical and dreamy , with his head full of notions ; his ambition of going to Oxford seemed suitable , and could just be afforded by his family .
Unless you 're connected with the show , could you go home , please . "
Elsa ' s husband grew so proud of her that he went about saying to everybody , " My grandmother was a fine housekeeper , and my mother was a fine housekeeper , but neither of them could hold a candle to my wife .
Their manager 's distress on hearing the draw could have something to do with the fact that Messiahs are not usually expected to rework old miracles . 
Then , of course , the Lion could see where they were .
Louis was out of sight , but she could see Felix , Elizabeth and Anne returning along the path by the stream carrying jugs of milk . 
He could put a stop to it , she told him again and again .
Naseby 's delight could not be contained . 
Its affinity for the opiate receptor means , however , that it could be addictive in the same way as morphine . 
When we were fighting , a few of our orthodox people were lying down in the roads so we could not pass .
My parents lived in the big house and I built a studio and had a whole little place where I could live in the basement and it was very convenient , so David would come round there . " 
He was thickset with a broad forehead and full beard and very light-coloured , widely set eyes that could be most intimidating . 
The decision had cheered him up ; the bustle created by his demands reaffirmed the show of his importance ; and he could still feel a breeze from the pure air which had wreathed him at Hause Point . 
At Fort Ethan Allen the ever-present wind off Lake Champlain could readily flip a puny man-made thing like an airplane if the pilot miscalculated .
The countrywide success of `` Lazybones '' and `` And The Angels Sing '' could only lead to Hollywood , where , besides Harold Arlen , Mercer collaborated with Harry Warren , Jimmy Van Heusen , Richard Whiting , Walter Donaldson , Jerome Kern , and Arthur Schwartz .
And hence not only at substantiated times , upon well known separate feeding - grounds , could Ahab hope to encounter his prey ; but in crossing the widest expanses of water between those grounds he could , by his art , so place and time himself on his way , as even then not to be wholly without prospect of a meeting .
I could get the nicest house in world for you , next door to ours , in Hanover - square .
Pedrosa waves his arms about in the air furiously when asked if Mota could ever set a world record . 
The mother had moved her family to another den , and I could n't find it . 
Their possessing familiars are sharp-tongued vipers which berate the women 's husbands in a fashion that no self-respecting man could tolerate directly from his wife . 
" I wish we could have it out now ," replied the other , firmly .
Nothing very interesting happened until the leg was found , and that was n't until the canal had thawed out and somebody could go down . 
Could they obtain enough food to sustain themselves ? 
She could do justice to the superiority of Lady Russell ' s motives in this , over those of her father and Elizabeth ; she could honour all the better feelings of her calmness ; but the general air of oblivion among them was highly important from whatever it sprung ; and in the event of Admiral Croft ' s really taking Kellynch Hall , she rejoiced anew over the conviction which had always been most grateful to her , of the past being known to those three only among her connexions , by whom no syllable , she believed , would ever be whispered , and in the trust that among his , the brother only with whom he had been residing , had received any information of their short - lived engagement .
Before she could stop him , his mouth was against hers , parting her mouth in a travesty of a kiss that forced her lips against her teeth . 
No orchestra , however , could be expected to follow a singer through quite as many adventures with pitch as Miss Pons encountered last night .
They were always flavoured with her subtle Parmigiano-Jewish humour and could captivate any audience . 
At the outset of the move to Weldon , house prices in the area were very depressed and people from the South East could trade up favourably .
And still deeper the meaning of that story of Narcissus , who because he could not grasp the tormenting , mild image he saw in the fountain , plunged into it and was drowned .
No more startling contrast to a system of sullen satellites could be imagined .
" I should not have thought it possible ," she began , " that you could have misunderstood me !
It was foggy that evening , but the path to my house was so well grooved that I could feel my way , accustomed as I was to the dense mists that rise from the sun-warmed palisades of the river and sometimes last for days .
But it must have been a temptation in poor working-class communities , where virginity in any case was not sacred , where the stigma against extra-marital sex was weak , and where a prostitute could earn in half an hour what a respectable girl might earn in a week . 
He marched out into the corridor with as much aplomb as he could muster . 
Elinor could not be surprised at their attachment .
Now , unless she could rescue herself , she had not even a place on the outside of Mrs Browning 's life and what troubled her most was that she cared .
`` Profits at Christmas could be under attack for every retailer , '' asserts Norman Abramson , president and chief operating officer of Clothestime Inc. , an off-price chain .
However , some analysts speculate that North Korean scientists were present during Pakistan 's nuclear tests in May 1998 , and that Pyongyang could have obtained a tested bomb design from Islamabad or from Pakistani scientists without government approval .
Conservationists had protested that Mr Ridley 's plans for broadening economic activity on farmland could lead to a rash of theme parks , shopping developments and housing estates .
Every Summer , visiting day trippers could be seen enviously watching the local people enjoying themselves out on the sand and wondering how the devil they got out there . 
a Portago could say , as he did say to me , `` If I die tomorrow , still I have had twenty-eight wonderful years ; ;
I 'm even more disappointed in the conservatives , for not opposing it , I do n't object to their list of members being published , I do n't see that that would do any harm , as far as I 'm concerned , every employee could have their wages printed up on the wall . 
Some practitioners complained that it was to difficult to estimate in advance and could lead to aggressive underpricing which may affect the quality of the work .
I am sure they were talking of me ; and I could not help thinking that he was persuading her to speak to me --( do you think he was , Miss Woodhouse ?)
` Perhaps , " suggested Roderick , ` you could get the leading part in another play -- after what you have done in this one . 
Miss Bates , deceived by the mock ceremony of her manner , did not immediately catch her meaning ; but , when it burst on her , it could not anger , though a slight blush shewed that it could pain her .
And his hand , which he put forth against him , dried up , so that he could not pull it in again to him .
Cecilia ' s voice could be distinguished far above the rest .
Admiral Pendragon looked very much astonished , though not particularly annoyed ; while Fanshaw was so amused with what looked like a performing pigmy on his little stand , that he could not control his laughter .
Dr . Renard inhabited a high and comfortable house at the top of a steep street , so that when the riders alighted at his door they could once more see the solid green ridge of the hill , with the white road across it , standing up above all the roofs of the town .
Mr Krenz , who is certain to become the next target of popular calls for revenge following the corruption revelations , left office warning that ‘ anti-democratic forces ’ could now roll back the process of change he had tried to introduce . 
He apparently felt the familiar longing that only the beautiful and vivacious Monica Lewinsky could satisfy ( Lewinsky testimony , Part II , Page 161 ) .
I could not keep my eyes away from the boy with the red hair .
Erm , could you pick up a pint of milk at the Seven Eleven for us , hang on , I 'll give you some money . 
She had done all she could -- bathed the weals , wrapped wet rags round the swollen hands , even taken off her new cotton petticoat to cover his back . 
For many years caterers could obtain only dried pasta . 
Many countries of the world could not only make better use of wastes , but increase agricultural production of the crops of which surplus produce could best be used to manufacture fuels . 
Fats are very high in calories and so eating too many fat-rich foods could cause weight gain . 
Obviously he was the kind of man who could expunge an unsatisfactory incident from his memory as if it had never happened , and get on with living in the present . 
I never could have been happy with him , after knowing , as sooner or later I must have known , all this .-- I should have had no confidence , no esteem .
These can harm the consumer -- the ban on the sweetening agent cyclamate on the grounds that it could cause cancer is a case in point .
Some experts believe that the South Bronx could , in time , rival the Great Barrier reef as a marine habitat , turning this former urban battleground into a modern Atlantis -- an unparalleled holiday destination . 
Thus Fisherian models could account for their initial elaboration , but good genes models probably could not .
Certain it was that she was to come ; and that Highbury , instead of welcoming that perfect novelty which had been so long promised it -- Mr . Frank Churchill -- must put up for the present with Jane Fairfax , who could bring only the freshness of a two years ' absence .
He could not help but appreciate the dramatic qualities of the situation ; that the richest man in Wall Street should appear in person to plead for a humble and weaker brother .
` Very high increases could lead to a recession as happened in the late 1970s and early 80s due to the oil price hikes . 
He was pressed to give the words belonging to the music ; and at last he modestly offered to repeat them , as he could not see to write .
` We listened to the song and drew our own conclusions , but it did n't matter what it meant , " Nicholson recalled , ` because everyone was so stoned they could n't remember the words . 
Folding her against him , he gave a long sigh , then moved her back so that he could look into her face .
I could not leave it till Louisa ' s doing well was quite ascertained .
That there would be evacuations , they thought very likely and if I could leave Wiltshire and get back again , there would be no problem . 
It meant that she could see you every day , work closely with you , even travel abroad with you . " 
The Committee concluded that the broadcasters could legitimately claim to have made a praiseworthy attempt to deliver the sort of programmes they had promised . 
I do not perceive how you could express yourself more warmly ."
She had little difficulty in understanding thus much of her rival ' s intentions , and while she was firmly resolved to act by her as every principle of honour and honesty directed , to combat her own affection for Edward and to see him as little as possible ; she could not deny herself the comfort of endeavouring to convince Lucy that her heart was unwounded .
Elinor wanted very much to know , though she did not chuse to ask , whether Edward was then in town ; but nothing would have induced Fanny voluntarily to mention his name before her , till able to tell her that his marriage with Miss Morton was resolved on , or till her husband ' s expectations on Colonel Brandon were answered ; because she believed them still so very much attached to each other , that they could not be too sedulously divided in word and deed on every occasion .
We tricoteuses of the press who set off to crisscross the country with Mr Major in his campaign plane and bus , many packed lunches ago , accompanied a diffident , decent figure presented in a soft-sell promotional film as a man with whom ordinary people could identify . 
In fact , Anne could never see the crape round his hat , without fearing that she was the inexcusable one , in attributing to him such imaginations ; for though his marriage had not been very happy , still it had existed so many years that she could not comprehend a very rapid recovery from the awful impression of its being dissolved .
Grandparents could not count on natural loyalty : rather ; they had to positively create their roles by winning a child 's affection . 
`` With the futures-trading halt , you could only sell stocks '' to cut exposure to the market , says a money manager .
Lord Charles had asked his father and stepmother if he and Victoria could spend their wedding night at Althorp , and Raine planned a romantic late-night supper for them . 
He could hear the Doctor explaining the injuries to a policeman . 
The damage to the Bay area 's roadways could cause significant economic hardship .
` I 'm terribly sorry about your aunt 's jewellery , " Charity said , verbally scampering back to safe ground as fast as she could . 
They felt that they too could counteract the upward arm movement by a voluntary effort after they had once experienced the reaction .
Rather one asks , ` Had he known of the defect , what type of damage could the seller at the time of the contract reasonably have predicted ? " 
At first , he could utter only the first syllable of each name . 
According to Michael Eisenstadt , Iran `` probably is researching such standard agents as anthrax and botulin toxin and it has shown interest in acquiring materials which could be used to produce ricin and mycotoxins . ''
In addition , secondary prevention could also be applied to the alleviation of social and psychological difficulties which might lead to attempts . 
At best her rejection could only frustrate him . 
There are now fears that unless he is persuaded to surrender with guarantees of safe conduct , Gen Noriega could organise a prolonged resistance , and seek assistance from Nicaragua and Cuba .
He took his axe and his saw , and he made a thing like a crate , and he told the fox to get into it so that he could see whether it would fit him .
If her sisters intended to walk on the downs , she directly stole away towards the lanes ; if they talked of the valley , she was as speedy in climbing the hills , and could never be found when the others set off .
Ireland 's aircraft-leasing firm , GPA , pulled off a deal with GE Capital , the finance arm of America 's General Electric , that could save it from going bust .
Fearful of inviting a military showdown with the West which they could not win , the Communists seek to undermine Western power where the nuclear might of the West is irrelevant -- in backwoods guerrilla skirmishes , in mob uprisings in the streets , in parliaments , in clandestine meetings of undercover conspirators , at the United Nations , on the propaganda front , at diplomatic conferences -- preferably at the highest level .
But there ' s a pier or breakwater runs out into the sea just here , which we could defend longer than anything else , like Horatius and his bridge .
Israel is a small country , measuring just 445 km ( 260 miles ) north to south and 112 km ( 70 miles ) at its widest point , yet it packs in so many sights that you could n't possibly see them all in the space of a two-week or even three-week trip .
He was rather cool with her , since drinking was n't much fun if he could n't stir it between the two women .
These puppies are thriving in the warm environment , their owner says you could n't get a better start for young bird dogs .
In Figure 1 , the overweight ( as opposed to the obese ) are no different from those of normal weight , suggesting that these two categories could be combined for older adults .
Darkness whirled round her , and she could hardly see Fand any more ; only the spear-tip burned , like a dim flame .
Environmentalists contend that the effects on the fragile forest habitat could be disastrous , with numerous rare species of plants and amphibians unique to the area being pushed close to extinction .
" Perhaps , then ," he hesitatingly replied , " what I heard this morning may be -- there may be more truth in it than I could believe possible at first ."
`` It was scary to people thinking that they could n't get their trades off . ''
He looked , as he spoke , to the seat which Mrs Clay had been lately occupying : a sufficient explanation of what he particularly meant ; and though Anne could not believe in their having the same sort of pride , she was pleased with him for not liking Mrs Clay ; and her conscience admitted that his wishing to promote her father ' s getting great acquaintance was more than excusable in the view of defeating her .
It didn ' t take Buster long to catch all the fish he could eat .
The House of Representatives took the unprecedented step of citing Burford for ` contempt of Congress "  -- a charge that , if proved , could put her behind bars . 
Halfway across the house , he could have smelled her morning perfume .
In spite of her grief at being parted from her cousins , she could not help but feel excited . 
The way she saw it , she could do nothing else , but inwardly she was boiling with fury . 
She could n't seem to drag her eyes away from his familiar figure . 
The kitchen was to the left of the hall ; Robyn could hear the bang of a cupboard door , smell the distinctive aroma of fresh coffee . 
Contraband brandy landed around Portwrinkle could be hidden awhile in Sheviock Woods before being ferried across the Lynher to Erth and on to Saltash . 
He thought that the only things of which we could be really certain were things of which we were directly aware , that is , things in our own minds . 
A brisk , amusing man , apparently constructed on an ingenious system of spring-joints attuned to the same peppery rhythm as his mind , Smith began his academic career teaching speech to Barnard girls -- a project considerably enlivened by his devotion to a recording about `` a young rat named Arthur , who never could make up his mind '' .
That he should be married soon , before ( as she imagined ) he could be in orders , and consequently before he could be in possession of the living , surprised her a little at first .
Parker could weep -- and he wept astonishingly often and on the slightest provocation -- but the psychology of those tears was entirely compatible with a remorseless readiness to massacre his opponents .
It was lucky that Professor St John Goth , Nottingham University 's emeritus medieval history professor , could always be relied on . 
" But ," continued Anne , presently , " though there is no truth in my having this claim on Mr Elliot , I should be extremely happy to be of use to you in any way that I could .
She dragged on a cigarette and wrote , as if words could change a thing . 
To him therefore the succession to the Norland estate was not so really important as to his sisters ; for their fortune , independent of what might arise to them from their father ' s inheriting that property , could be but small .
You might think that combining all these things into one aircraft could lead to so many compromises that the result would be little short of disaster . 
Privet had wriggled in discomfort at this description and asked what special expertise Snyde had in the Library , a question Fieldfare could not answer . 
Such was the austerity of his habits that it never entered his head himself to have any kind of formal dinner in which I could join . 
Diana could choose to stay within the Royal Family and be allowed a greater measure of freedom . 
All their lives now depended on the crops of grain and vegetables which they could raise in the valley .
Also , he thought , I doubt if she could hit the side of a barn with a shotgun .
" Seeing that all you want is a good , fat , tender lamb , for a present for Sir Arthur , as you told me ," said the butcher , " I could let you have what ' s as good or better for your purpose ."
Before Sophie , half dazed by his accusation , could open her mouth , the herdsman spoke up . 
` Nazis , " she said , once the door was shut and she could n't be overheard . 
Some of the others seemed to have gone to the lower windows or on to the steps , and were calling up to him that Falconroy had gone for a stroll down to the Pilgrim ' s Pond an hour before , and could not be traced since .
the banks , so that capital could then be lent to help rebuild businesses ravaged
In such a case where the true facts can only be known by the defence the prosecution could aver that the driver was unlicensed . 
The space between the two fences could be mined in order to prevent infiltration .
As such , however , they were treated by her with quiet civility ; and by her husband with as much kindness as he could feel towards anybody beyond himself , his wife , and their child .
Of course when he was living with Beatrice -- and he painted her at least fourteen times -- he could resume his sittings more or less at will .
She points to the newcomer and explains , " I met this woman at the council housing department and she said I could stay with her . " 
A wilderness in which an eagle could stretch his wings over ground that red deer , wild cat and blue mountain hare might roam . 
Kate could n't stop her face from flaming at the astuteness of his answer , and sought to cover up her confusion in attacking him again . 
That a movement beginning as a breakaway group within Judaism should end by capturing the imperial palace could hardly have been foreseen by the Emperors Tiberius or Nero . 
Alternatively , since the combination of protein kinase C and calcium signaling is sufficient to activate JNK [ 9 , 38 ] , Btk could activate JNK indirectly through activation of PLCγ2 .
His mouth was even more super when he laughed , she decided , and quickly turned her head to face the front -- she could never remember noticing a man 's mouth so much before . 
Home Office ministers and anti-drink campaigners were concerned that extended hours could encourage people to consume alcohol . 
If any thing could be more , where all was most , she was more reserved on the subject of Weymouth and the Dixons than any thing .
The consequence of which was , that Mrs . John Dashwood was obliged to submit not only to the exceedingly great inconvenience of sending her carriage for the Miss Dashwoods , but , what was still worse , must be subject to all the unpleasantness of appearing to treat them with attention : and who could tell that they might not expect to go out with her a second time ?
If we could use all the small airfields we have in this country , we could disperse our strategic aircraft by a factor of 10 or more .
The White House has ordered a purge of information from government agency websites that could be exploited by terrorists seeking weapons of mass destruction .
Shift work could clash with farm work especially with attendance at sales .
On Monday she had gone to her job -- improbably she appeared to be a supervisor for a market research firm -- as usual , and could be vouched for by colleagues there . 
` Some of you thought I could n't do it , " chuckled Pipe , who then gave credit to Dickinson for the role he played in Granville Again 's timely revival . 
She could clearly discern the outline of his form in the white cloth . 
The opium had disappeared before Emile's death and whoever shot him could not by any stretch of the imagination have foreseen Sarah's own doubts and suspicions -- and questions .
Darman now blames the clash on miscommunication , but House GOP leader Michel , who carried the offer to him , observes , `` I was speaking English at the time , and quite loud so I could be understood . ''
He could grow hedges and wildflowers instead of sugar beet ; he could turn his fields into areas of ` quiet countryside enjoyment " ; he could restore ancient coppices and chalk grassland . 
Such an adventure as this ,-- a fine young man and a lovely young woman thrown together in such a way , could hardly fail of suggesting certain ideas to the coldest heart and the steadiest brain .
Lorries bullied past on the road that had once been a tow-path ; pile-drivers banged on both sites of the river ; no boat could pass without hooting . 
He could tell they were approaching the sea .
She could say no more ; her spirits were quite overcome , and hiding her face on Elinor ' s shoulder , she burst into tears .
In seasons of cheerfulness , no temper could be more cheerful than hers , or possess , in a greater degree , that sanguine expectation of happiness which is happiness itself .
" If I did not know her to be happy now ," said Emma , seriously , " which , in spite of every little drawback from her scrupulous conscience , she must be , I could not bear these thanks ;-- for , oh !
Now Emma could , indeed , enjoy Mr . Knightley ' s visits ; now she could talk , and she could listen with true happiness , unchecked by that sense of injustice , of guilt , of something most painful , which had haunted her when remembering how disappointed a heart was near her , how much might at that moment , and at a little distance , be enduring by the feelings which she had led astray herself .
The Domina sounds real enough , if we could only trust the conditions under which we learn of its use ; ;
and are combinable into sequences which permit any marching maneuver that could be desired on a parade ground .
The above findings that FR plants with the greater plant water uptake have significantly lower foliage water content than FS plants could reflect more rapid loss of foliage water by FR plants , or limiting soil water available to FR due to it s rapid rate of plant water uptake .
Far up the valley I could see the Rees circling and reorganizing .
I hope that the Secretary of State , who I know is as appalled as all of us about the matter , will pay special attention to how that could possibly happen . 
Ending tax-free shopping in the European Community after 1992 could threaten more than 3,000 jobs , the International Duty Free Confederation said .
But we could wait all right ; ;
As he looked around he could not hide his astonishment . 
Ember mouthed , ` Could you just shuck off your outer suit , Jez ? 
At dinner they took in their soup with gusts of air and could be heard right across the Hall . 
If he flattened himself against the wall of the foyer between the Swiss cheese plant and the rubber plant he could watch them without getting in the way or being a nuisance . 
But if the administration should find it does not need the $28 million for a grant-in-aid program , a not unlikely conclusion , it could very well seek a way to use the money for other purposes .
She then pulled the scalpel towards her hips , raising her buttocks off the bed so she could pull foot and scalpel up underneath her .
That is why the United Nations was formed so that intelligent men with good intentions from all countries could meet and solve problems without resorting to war .
The Alabama and Tombigbee rivers furnished a highway by which goods could be moved quickly and cheaply .
Because of a lack of information and access , many investors -- including the very ones whose buying power could restore stability and damp volatility -- are forced to stand on the sidelines when they are most needed , because of their ignorance of important market information .
" I do not know what I could imagine , but I confess that I have seldom seen a face or figure more pleasing to me than hers .
Could you on this faire Mountaine leaue to feed , And batten on this Moore ?
He could imagine her fighting to hold her own in the orphanage instead of letting herself become meek and mousy . 
Instead of giving your mum chocolates ( or cake as they did in those days ) , you could treat her to a special melon basket , which can be prepared the day before . 
I could gulp my beer 
Before he could snap it on , a stinging blow caught him in the ribs .
If the amine was essential to nervous processes which made people alert and responsive , it could explain the more energetic behaviour of tuberculous patients and also the abnormal excitement which they sometimes showed .
She would certainly have risen to their blessings if she could , but she did not want to lessen theirs .
1 : 45 But he went out , and began to publish it much , and to blaze abroad the matter , insomuch that Jesus could no more openly enter into the city , but was without in desert places : and they came to him from every quarter .
I could n't keep away from my darling brother 's anniversary party , now , could I ? 
His opinion of Louisa Musgrove ' s inferiority , an opinion which he had seemed solicitous to give , his wonder at Captain Benwick , his feelings as to a first , strong attachment ; sentences begun which he could not finish , his half averted eyes and more than half expressive glance , all , all declared that he had a heart returning to her at least ; that anger , resentment , avoidance , were no more ; and that they were succeeded , not merely by friendship and regard , but by the tenderness of the past .
" But you could have helped laughing , Cecilia ."
were it a new - made world , and made for a summer - house to the angels , and this morning the first of its throwing open to them , a fairer day could not dawn upon that world .
In his own house the curtains were open , the light was on and he could see a young girl with a pigtail , seated at the piano . 
In the morning Betty went with Miss Barbara ' s compliments to Susan , to beg some honey for Mrs . Strathspey , who could not breakfast without it .
what pains did it cost him , before he could make anything like a mat !
Mrs . Churchill could not help smiling .
By using the printer , the librarian could produce one or more copies of the booklist , sorted by author or perhaps title . 
Parin nodded , and he signed to his assistants to roll up the books so that they could be packed away in the boxes and chests in which they were stored . 
Now , as a vessel of war readily passes through the Dardanelles , hence a sperm whale could , by the same route , pass out of the Mediterranean into the Propontis .
She knew him ; she saw disdain in his eye , and could not venture to believe that he had determined to accept such an offering , as an atonement for all the insolence of the past .
Miss Stuart is as intensely vibrant as one could wish , almost an icy shriek threatening to explode at any moment .
There would be some truth in the assertion that traffic commissioners have the welfare of " bus operators very much at heart when fixing fares ; similar things could be said of airline regulators . 
" You think so , do you ?-- I wanted the opinion of some one who could really judge .
If Kraus judged Vienna so harshly , what words could be severe enough for Berlin ?
How happened it that you could break my windows without knowing it ?
When could they say ( till now ) that talk ' d of Rome , That her wide Walkes incompast but one man ?
Marathon runners finishing after 2 hours 45 minutes found that they could not get into the stadium after a 26 mile 385 yard slog in 90F temperatures . 
International law had to fit the conditions of Europe , and nothing that could not fit this system , or the interests of the great European nations collectively , could possibly emerge as law in any meaningful sense .
Harriet would be anxiety enough ; she need no longer be unhappy about Jane , whose troubles and whose ill - health having , of course , the same origin , must be equally under cure .-- Her days of insignificance and evil were over .-- She would soon be well , and happy , and prosperous .-- Emma could now imagine why her own attentions had been slighted .
There was a full moon , as I walked to the window ; I could have seen a bird on the bare battlement , or a sail on the horizon .
She wondered , with little intermission what could be the reason of it ; was sure there must be some bad news , and thought over every kind of distress that could have befallen him , with a fixed determination that he should not escape them all .
Finally , if the mission of the Trial was to convict anti-Semitism , how could it have failed to post before the world the contrasting fates of the countries in which the Final Solution was aided by native Jew-haters -- i.e. , Germany , Poland , Hungary , Czechoslovakia -- and those in which it met the obstacle of human solidarity -- Denmark , Holland , Italy , Bulgaria , France ? ?
But in the cautious comprehensiveness and unloitering vigilance with which Ahab threw his brooding soul into this unfaltering hunt , he would not permit himself to rest all his hopes upon the one crowning fact above mentioned , however flattering it might be to those hopes ; nor in the sleeplessness of his vow could he so tranquillize his unquiet heart as to postpone all intervening quest .
She sounded so exactly like Doaty that Henrietta obeyed her under the clear impression that she could either comply or stay home .
More important , buyers with 95 per cent loans who may have seen the price of their property slide in recent months could end up with a debt greater than the value of the property . 
He thought about it for a minute , could find no reasonable explanation for the presence of a sweater in the refrigerator , got the salami , bread , and a Bermuda onion , and put the whole thing out of his mind .
Hopes that the republic could survive Yugoslavia 's demise intact have been blunted by territorial battles reminiscent of the opening rounds of the civil war in neighbouring Croatia . 
" It would have done just as well if you could work a typewriter ."
Wedged inside that drum he drowned , his little legs waggling pathetically as he gulped and squirmed and tried to get his arms into a position from which he could lever himself out . 
A Dunkirk he waited for us so we could tail him through Lille and Mons into Belgium . 
Your generation will be the key to shaping the new Europe and seizing the new opportunities that could not be imagined during the Cold War . 
" I could manage them very well , if it were not for Mary ' s interference ," was what Anne often heard him say , and had a good deal of faith in ; but when listening in turn to Mary ' s reproach of " Charles spoils the children so that I cannot get them into any order ," she never had the smallest temptation to say , " Very true ."
The position of receptionist was opened in a large office and an announcement was made to the other girls already working that they could apply for this job which had higher prestige and slightly higher salary than typing and clerking positions .
Lou 's heightened colour betrayed her embarrassment , as if she could read Melissa 's unspoken disapproval at this example of male chauvinism . 
I knew I could count on friends and colleagues to support a campaign .
Could you advise me as to how I could solve this problem ? 
This is the outer layer of the tent designed to protect you from the elements , usually wind and rain , but it could also be from heat . 
In their communiqué , the finance ministers could usefully point out that the current despair over eastern Germany is overdone . 
Mrs Smith did not want to take blame to herself , and was most tender of throwing any on her husband ; but Anne could collect that their income had never been equal to their style of living , and that from the first there had been a great deal of general and joint extravagance .
One , architect Robin Pearce-Boby , 62 , said : ` I find it dreadful that a man in his position could do something so awful . 
It rained hard , so that Breeze , whose shoes were all what she called ` well ventilated " , could not go out . 
As no particular purpose could be served by delay , it was arranged that the affair should fall out three days afterwards .
He was freshly shaved , and if there had been any alcohol in him we could never have missed detecting some scent of it on the massive gusts of his laughter .
Moody 's said the proposed recaptilization may `` limit the company 's ability to realize its profit potential '' and that paying dividends from a new series of preferred could squeeze `` basic business operations . ''
She had sinned so much , could she ever find salvation ?
He could have been leading a parade , twirling the baton . 
He talked of Harriet , and praised her so warmly , that she could not suppose any thing wanting which a little time would not add .
The SEC , faced with a major squeeze on options positions , said it was necessary to ensure that options listed on the exchange could be traded today and tomorrow .
In America a journalist was sent to prison for refusing to disclose information which could have revealed the innocence of a person on trial , but prison would not normally be an option in a civil case . 
She always could sense the shag end of a woolly day .
Of good and evil much they argued then , Of happiness and final misery , Passion and apathy , and glory and shame : Vain wisdom all , and false philosophy !-- Yet , with a pleasing sorcery , could charm Pain for a while or anguish , and excite Fallacious hope , or arm th ' obdured breast With stubborn patience as with triple steel .
This was done because in theory fusion neutrons could be an alternative to fission reactors for making fissile elements for weapons .
The Soviet Union also established a so - called anti - plague system , whose primary objective was to control endemic diseases and prevent the importation of exotic pathogens that could threaten crops , animals , and humans .
The only one among them , whose opposition of feeling could excite any serious anxiety was Lady Russell .
After experimentation , Helva discovered that she could manipulate her diaphragmic unit to sustain tone .
nobody could have told why .
Had these Leviathans been but a flock of simple sheep , pursued over the pasture by three fierce wolves , they could not possibly have evinced such excessive dismay .
He could choose his wife : her close kin would acquire their own claims on the king ; but as Udalric 's case showed , a king 's in-laws could not count on keeping royal favour . 
When he started getting drunk , he could become very unpleasant " ) . 
Could he have pen and paper , please ? ?
Before she could speak , however , Jessie whimpered at her , ` I 'm sorry . 
" He could never have got ' em so wrong without knowing about ' em .
She read everything else she could get her hands on , including an article ( she thinks it was in the Atlantic Monthly ) by Mark Twain on `` White Slavery '' .
` Previously , we were a relatively small company -- everyone knew everybody else and how they could probably assist in the event of an emergency .
He seemed to be almost asking her , whether her affections were engaged .-- But as soon as she ( Miss Woodhouse ) appeared likely to join them , he changed the subject , and began talking about farming :-- The second , was his having sat talking with her nearly half an hour before Emma came back from her visit , the very last morning of his being at Hartfield -- though , when he first came in , he had said that he could not stay five minutes -- and his having told her , during their conversation , that though he must go to London , it was very much against his inclination that he left home at all , which was much more ( as Emma felt ) than he had acknowledged to _her_ .
She was vexed beyond what could have been expressed -- almost beyond what she could conceal .
Mrs Musgrove had got Mrs Harville ' s children away as much as she could , every possible supply from Uppercross had been furnished , to lighten the inconvenience to the Harvilles , while the Harvilles had been wanting them to come to dinner every day ; and in short , it seemed to have been only a struggle on each side as to which should be most disinterested and hospitable .
It could not steal upon the country unaware , like a thief in the night . 
We finally realised that we could avoid even that embarrassment by giving ourselves breathing space . 
In the starlight he could see the trees stripped of their leaves .
Harriet listened submissively , and said " it was very true -- it was just as Miss Woodhouse described -- it was not worth while to think about them -- and she would not think about them any longer " but no change of subject could avail , and the next half - hour saw her as anxious and restless about the Eltons as before .
I heard him say all this as plain as could possibly be .
I took the broken length of it around the tractor and I took one of the wrenches from the tool-kit and I struck its head , not looking at it , to kill it at last , for it could never live .
Doctors and Ambulancemen fear lives could be lost if seriously ill patients have to be ferried twenty-five miles for treatment . 
Nor could I possibly forget that , do what I would , I only had the management of one end of it .
A man could be tossed outside the dimension of time by a stray bullet these days .
He said , " I hate to have to ask , but could you let me have the twenty pounds ?
I said loudly and desperately , wondering if my father could see my goosebumps .
`` Of course , there was nothing you could do , but you still ought to be ashamed of yourself for letting it happen '' , Mousie Chandler said to Linda Stuart .
His aptitudes and preferences could be given more weight in selecting the proper training .
If she 'd confessed at the beginning it would n't have been so bad , but how could she tell them now ?
Meanwhile , after 24 years in the Senate , Rhode Island's durable Democrat Theodore Francis Greene -- having walked , swum and cerebrated himself to the hearty age of 93 -- left that august body ( voluntarily , because he could surely have been re-elected had he chosen to run again last November ) , as the oldest man ever to serve in the Senate .
" How could you do so ?
About noon , however , she began -- but with a caution -- a dread of disappointment which for some time kept her silent , even to her friend -- to fancy , to hope she could perceive a slight amendment in her sister ' s pulse ;-- she waited , watched , and examined it again and again ;-- and at last , with an agitation more difficult to bury under exterior calmness , than all her foregoing distress , ventured to communicate her hopes .
After all , I could get half a unit a semester for up to four semesters -- a typical class is worth one unit , and a typical physical education course of any level is worth half a unit , with a maximum of two physical education units counting toward graduation requirements .
After the first turn it 's down to luck , the Fanatic could go anywhere , but the chances are you 'll either block the enemy or hit him hard for at least one more turn . 
The consequence was , that Elinor set out by herself to pay a visit , for which no one could really have less inclination , and to run the risk of a tete - a - tete with a woman , whom neither of the others had so much reason to dislike .
He had confiscated the journal , but he could not confiscate what was in Ben 's head . 
Insofar as its own governing documents are concerned , Emory University could now consider applications from prospective students , and others seeking applications from prospective students , and others seeking the opportunity to study or work at the university , irrespective of race , color or creed .
You could take a stroll in the grounds . 
We could put a portion of our strategic bombers in such shelters .
Could there have been a fight causing him to fall and hit the back of his head on something ? 
Large well-run estates confiscated by Paulus could well have passed into imperial hands and continued to be managed for profit , but it depends on whether the Emperor needed capital more than income . 
5 : 6 Also king Solomon , and all the congregation of Israel that were assembled unto him before the ark , sacrificed sheep and oxen , which could not be told nor numbered for multitude .
Alarm bells would not start ringing until these efforts - which could take five minutes or more - were tried and had failed .
The prevalence of this association was found to be higher in our study than in other previous series [ 2 3 4 5 6 7 ] . The true prevalence could be even higher since liver enzyme profiles were not done in all patients .
Before I could gather myself properly , I found myself being dragged across the desert at more than thirty miles per hour by the wind … . 
Nothing could wash away the beastliness of that house or the horror of the sight of Phyllis Henley 's body , but he felt the need to try . 
That could be easily done , but there is little reason in it .
To atone for this conduct therefore , Elinor took immediate possession of the post of civility which she had assigned herself , behaved with the greatest attention to Mrs . Jennings , talked with her , laughed with her , and listened to her whenever she could ; and Mrs . Jennings on her side treated them both with all possible kindness , was solicitous on every occasion for their ease and enjoyment , and only disturbed that she could not make them choose their own dinners at the inn , nor extort a confession of their preferring salmon to cod , or boiled fowls to veal cutlets .
Would not , could not , would not , could not , would not join the dance .
John escaped death because he could not settle in the doomed cabin where 15-year-old Catherine and 12-year-old James were sleeping . 
No one seeing it , even for a flash , could doubt that the room had been the theatre of some thrilling collision between two , or perhaps more , persons .
You must at least have felt that my being acquainted with it could not add to its safety ."
Even at that hour of the day , he could n't help admiring her voluptuous curves , her tousled gravy-brown hair , her nightie . 
He could smell the fragrance of her . 
The cave drops precipitously 65 m ( 213 ft ) into a dark cavern where the imagination begins to work overtime — what demons could lurk here ?
She turned through the same gate , but could not see them .
Now if they could just do the same to the beers themselves , and improve the taste , more people might be inclined to drink them . 
She could trek through the grass playing Jungle Explorers , swinging on the creepers like a tiny Tarzan . 
The effect of his discourse on the lady too , could not escape her observation , for though she was too honorable to listen , and had even changed her seat , on purpose that she might NOT hear , to one close by the piano forte on which Marianne was playing , she could not keep herself from seeing that Elinor changed colour , attended with agitation , and was too intent on what he said to pursue her employment .-- Still farther in confirmation of her hopes , in the interval of Marianne ' s turning from one lesson to another , some words of the Colonel ' s inevitably reached her ear , in which he seemed to be apologising for the badness of his house .
They would be repairing the skylight , I guessed correctly , and were probably a firm Nassim had shares in so he could fiddle the invoices for the insurance company . 
The document , leaked to the Unemployment Unit , also suggests that making Restart courses for the unemployed ` compulsory for certain groups could help the service deal with more poorly-motivated clients " .
Last night at our gig in Cardiff there was a bouncer at the front and he caught a youngster and he hit him in the throat , and he could have killed him . 
Before Mary could move , he pulled the book out of her hands and hit her across the forehead with it . 
Milton was to act as the archfool , the supreme wit , the lightly bantering pater , Pater Liber , who could at once trip lightly over that which deserved such treatment , or could at will annihilate the common enemies of the college gathering , and with words alone .
Could it be physically meaningful to entertain the concept of a morphic field of life energy which radiates from a pole for the span of the organism 's lifetime ? " 
When the full set of proposals is available there could be a total of 150/200 attainment targets with the authority of law behind them . 
At lunchtimes I could n't wait to have my regular fix of Anguillan fish soup with rouille , a creamy fish soup with croutons and tasty garlic dip . 
At a conference in Munich , Germany , Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton warned Saturday of a " perfect storm of powerful " economic and demographic trends that could envelop the Middle East .
Regardless of North Korean motivations toward South Korea and the United States , Pyongyang 's record of exporting ballistic missiles and missile production technology indicates that North Korea could also be willing to sell nuclear materials , technology , or even complete nuclear weapons .
After a few Old Neukom Pale Ales , we could n't resist asking them what they thought of this latest Clinton brouhaha .
These paths and bowers doubt not but our joint hands Will keep from wilderness with ease , as wide As we need walk , till younger hands ere long Assist us ; But , if much converse perhaps Thee satiate , to short absence I could yield : For solitude sometimes is best society , And short retirement urges sweet return .
Aside from the comico-romantico content here , a good linguist-anthropologist could readily pick up a few other facts , especially if he had a little more of the conversation to go on .
If they say I could have stopped her it is because they are ignorant of her last weeks of self-examination , her search into herself and its conclusions .
Later he asked , at second-hand , if he could accompany me into the Danakil country , where I planned to travel . 
One begged Mary to let her plat some packthread for the soles ; another helped Peggy and Anne to baste in the linings ; and all who could get employment were pleased , for the idle ones were shoved out of the way .
McAteer could not remember having been struck there and made no claim as to how the injury had been caused . 
" Some very fine morning , he , and Emma , and Harriet , could go very well ; and he could sit still with Mrs . Weston , while the dear girls walked about the gardens .
Further along , Simon could see Mr Bishop 's kiosk , abandoned to the elements , its shutters still down , its back door flapping open , banging to and fro in the wind . 
This is true of the melodic line which could be put together from selected passages of almost anybody -- Benny Carter , Johnny Hodges .
She did n't think she could make it .
Even as she swam back she could see how changed he was . 
that his baby sister could spit up through her nose when she felt like it ; ;
" Your behaviour was certainly very wrong ," said she ; " because -- to say nothing of my own conviction , our relations were all led away by it to fancy and expect WHAT , as you were THEN situated , could never be ."
If the pilots , flight attendants and management can not agree a new buyout , Coniston said it would force a restructuring of UAL which could include selling off the company 's planes and its air routes . 
The role of the coactivators could be just as bridging factors , although some of the members of the p160 family and CBP/p300 present histone acetyltransferase activity [ 34 35 ] . Stat3 is a member of the JAK/STAT signaling pathway , which is a transcription factor itself that after activation binds to specific sequences in DNA to regulate expression of genes related to proliferation , differentiation and cell survival .
His dark eyes shone as he realized he was part of a British medical team that could and would meet any emergency that came along . 
The people in the court liked her even better than the old Nightingale , because they could all whistle her tunes ,-- which you can ' t do with real nightingales .
It was as if they could hardly wait to get into their costumes , cover their faces with masks and go adventuring .
He did not suppose they could be damp now , in the middle of the day .
This , he said , could not be characterised as having breached the duty of good faith which amounted to no more than a principle of fair and honourable dealing . 
Carpenters all wanted steady work and at the moment every mother's son for twenty miles around that could hammer nails for twenty-five dollars a day was working on the school job .
Then , one day , when I was dressing it , I looked in the mirror and could see a small protrusion out of the lump . 
Lucy directly drew her work table near her and reseated herself with an alacrity and cheerfulness which seemed to infer that she could taste no greater delight than in making a filigree basket for a spoilt child .
and bright though they all were , they could not possibly compete for her interest with Papa , whose mind -- although he never tried to dazzle or patronize lesser lights with it -- naturally eclipsed theirs and made them seem to her even younger than they were .
There was only one door in the hallway , this made up of two sections so that the top half could be swung back on its own . 
Even for an experienced choreographer , the suspense could have been hair-raising . 
If I could but see her again !-- But I must not propose it yet .
" After the young gentlemen walked round the carriage , Ensign Vince and the Salt Bearers proceeded to the summit of the hill ; but the wind being boisterous , he could not exhibit his dexterity in displaying his flag , and the space being too small before the carriages , from the concourse of spectators , the King kindly acquiesced in not having it displayed under such inconvenience .
He was immediately seized and thrown into prison , where he remained in chains for a further seventeen years , finally falling sick and dying before a suddenly contrite Alfonso could order his chains removed . 
Again , while Nicholas was having breakfast he kept getting down from his place , and his mother followed him round with a bowl of cereal , feeding him with a spoonful whenever she could . 
No house was ever built that could not have been built better for less if the work had been better planned and the work better scheduled .
She was wise enough to realize a man could be good company even if he did weigh too much and didn't own the mint .
He watched its greenish , powerful beak stabbing the ground but could not make out what it was doing . 
But none of this could soothe the exacerbated nerves .
It was the collage that made the terms of this dilemma clear : the representational could be restored and preserved only on the flat and literal surface now that illusion and representation had become , for the first time , mutually exclusive alternatives .
Nobody could nurse her , as we should do ."
Show me that you have as much perseverance as you have candour , and I shall not despair of your becoming everything that I could wish ."
She hoped no one could have said to her , " How could you be so unfeeling to your father ?-- I must , I will tell you truths while I can ."
For visitors interested in making the journey to Bauen by private transport the route could be combined with a trip from Brunnen along the Axenstrasse to Fluelen and Altdorf . 
I rue the day these wretched Titfords ever came to live down here -- could n't they have stayed over in Wilmington Square ? 
Yet she could not bear this silence .
So long as he had the support of Sir Rufus Stone , he could thumb his nose at Cotton . 
But how could he presume this on so little knowledge of me ? 
It was an advantage that could not be too gratefully acknowledged , nor too speedily made use of ; and the visit to Lady Middleton , which had not before had any precise limits , was instantly discovered to have been always meant to end in two days ' time .
The smallest thing you could do would be to help a poor injured man towards the comfort of an inn ! "
Fireman 's Fund had claims adjusters on the streets of San Francisco right after sunrise yesterday and was paying as many claims as it could right on the spot .
` Why could n't you just stay in the back of beyond ? " she said . 
Once , a dog squealed and went on squealing in pain , and a flying plank , grazing her shoulder , reminded her of what a high wind could do . 
I wondered if she might ever get frostbite ; I was sure I could see little crystals of ice glinting on her faint moustache . 
She had imagined such difficulties of fortune to exist there as must prevent the marriage from being near at hand ; but she learned from Charles that , very recently , ( since Mary ' s last letter to herself ), Charles Hayter had been applied to by a friend to hold a living for a youth who could not possibly claim it under many years ; and that on the strength of his present income , with almost a certainty of something more permanent long before the term in question , the two families had consented to the young people ' s wishes , and that their marriage was likely to take place in a few months , quite as soon as Louisa ' s .
There he sat ; and all he could do -- for all my polite arts and blandishments -- he would not move a peg , nor say a single word , nor even look at me , nor notice my presence in the slightest way .
As she commented angrily to friends later , she could not see why Charles needed these constant reminders of Camilla . 
I had not realised that one innocent man 's plight could arouse such blood lust . 
The right hemisphere of his brain could not articulate what it registered .
30 : 5 They were all ashamed of a people that could not profit them , nor be an help nor profit , but a shame , and also a reproach .
`` At this stage of the game anything could be possible .
He had no real gift for the dramatic and could not to contend with his young competitor Joshua Reynolds in the Grand Manner . 
But she could n't forget the unnerving memory of Lucenzo 's powerful body . 
I ran through fire to see what was going on with him and maybe we could hide behind the same rock and shoot together .
These totals could quickly be increased should Iran make the decision to either purchase additional systems from the DPRK or accelerate Shehab-3 production .
Even so , Gannett judiciously argued , the Association could legitimately decide that Parker `` should not be encouraged nor assisted in diffusing his opinions by those who differ from him in regard to their correctness '' .
With state-sponsored terrorism anyone from an ambassador to an embassy chauffeur could be one of them . "
31 : 8 The cedars in the garden of God could not hide him : the fir trees were not like his boughs , and the chestnut trees were not like his branches ; nor any tree in the garden of God was like unto him in his beauty .
Not a man on the brig , loyal or villainous , could be unaffected by the sight of seven men involved in the crime of mutiny .
Family survival on our own Western frontier , for example , could quite literally depend on a man's strength and ability to bring home the bacon ; ;
LEE SHARPE last night relived the anguish of discovering he had a disease which he feared could not only end his career -- but kill him . 
I owed it to her , therefore , to avoid giving any hint of the truth ; and I owed it to my family and friends , not to create in them a solicitude about me , which it could not be in my power to satisfy ."
Her disposition and abilities were equally worthy of all that friendship could do ; and at eighteen or nineteen she was , as far as such an early age can be qualified for the care of children , fully competent to the office of instruction herself ; but she was too much beloved to be parted with .
The first three or four days passed most quietly , with no circumstance to mark them excepting the receipt of a note or two from Lyme , which found their way to Anne , she could not tell how , and brought a rather improving account of Louisa .
I remembered that they had never flown in a light aircraft before today ; I shuddered to think of what could happen if they panicked . 
Johnny had moved to the far end of the room and she could no longer see him , but she could guess at the expression on his face . 
Nothing could be pleasanter .
At the same time , I am aware that my recoil could be interpreted by readers of the tea leaves at the bottom of my psyche as an incestuous sign , since theirs is a science of paradox : if one hates , they say it is because one loves ; ;
She could n't see without her glasses , which made her frown with frustration . 
I wish he could have such company oftener .
If you can not do this , you could put aside a certain amount of money as a reward for each time the scales register a drop in weight .
It could be that insufficient information was available upon which to make a correct decision . 
Could we suggest paving the area around West Hall War Memorial . 
Although laser discs are used today mainly for music , you could pack the whole Encyclopaedia Britannica onto one of them , and read it out using the same laser technique . 
I could not make out where they were going , and made several inquiries without getting any answers save in Gaelic ; it might as well have been Hindostani . 
The socialists maintained , with some justification , that the only way in which real grandeur could be achieved was through long-term economic modernization .
The great banker nodded with an odd air of business assent , seemed to reflect a moment , and before they could interpose took a half turn and a step that brought him to the edge of the outer mountain wall .
Outside , he could still hear the popping and dripping of the wet wood . 
The speaker was short and stocky and that was all that could be said of him in the way of description . 
In the street , walking as quickly as he could , Stanley Gilborn was a lone figure .
She was so eager to have them drawn that I could not refuse ; but there is no making children of three or four years old stand still you know ; nor can it be very easy to take any likeness of them , beyond the air and complexion , unless they are coarser featured than any of mama ' s children ever were .
It could stop Cuban re-export of guns and propaganda materials to South America .
Do n't let toddlers lean into the basket from the seat -- they 're top-heavy and could topple . 
He could hide behind the door and club them down one by one when they came in .
The gunners had been ordered to aim at the first two vessels , and at a bare two hundred yards ' range they could scarcely miss .
Sir Walter could not have borne the degradation of being known to design letting his house .
Emma could imagine she saw a touch of the arm at this speech , from his wife .
The Musgroves could hardly be more ready to invite than he to come , particularly in the morning , when he had no companion at home , for the Admiral and Mrs Croft were generally out of doors together , interesting themselves in their new possessions , their grass , and their sheep , and dawdling about in a way not endurable to a third person , or driving out in a gig , lately added to their establishment .
If he chose to , he could become quite authoritarian in his manner and cutting in his remarks but then , every Adviser needs some weapons in his armoury to survive ! 
Then he came downstairs , darting glances around him to see the enemy before he could be captured again . 
Whoever was out there hiding in the brushy cover was besieging the Antler house and , having spotted his approach , was determined to drive him off before he could get into the fight .
he cried , in a kind of rational rage ; " nobody could be afraid of Hirsch !"
Most of my stories were obtained by simply seeking out the person who could give me the facts , and not as a rule by playing clever tricks .
It was plain that the existing accommodation -- two classrooms separated by a half-glazed folding partition , a head teacher 's office and WC block -- did not provide an arrangement that could be easily adapted to give convenient living space .
In presenting it to other governments and to the United Nations , we could propose that every nation consider the formation of its own peace corps and that the United Nations sponsor the idea and form an international coordinating committee .
A large overcoat that might have been even older than its wearer reached almost to the ground and the fingers that could only just be seen peeping through the sleeves were covered in grey woollen mittens . 
The days when water authorities could allow their supplies to seep into the ground are definitely at an end . 
She could not but smile to see the graciousness of both mother and daughter towards the very person -- for Lucy was particularly distinguished -- whom of all others , had they known as much as she did , they would have been most anxious to mortify ; while she herself , who had comparatively no power to wound them , sat pointedly slighted by both .
I raised my hand to my eyes wondering how I could have hit it so hard . 
I had wagered a purse that I would beat him at bowls and Drake never could resist gold .
Her heart was acting so erratically that she could hardly analyse what he had just said . 
Margaret also went on to surmise that their arrangements could not deal with more than one child . 
Shout at Eichmann though he might , the Prosecutor could not establish that the defendant was falsifying the way he felt about Jews or that what he did feel fell into the generally recognized category of anti-Semitism .
Woodie put his hand at once , as he invariably could , on his set of pocket screwdrivers , but before he felt that it was quite tactful to offer help , Willis had lit an Aladdin , which presumably he always kept ready , no wonder . 
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir V. Putin again lashed out at militants , saying this week 's bombings could be linked and calling for reinforcement of police ranks in the north Caucasus .
Hadst thou been there , Or here the attempt , thou couldst not have discerned Fraud in the Serpent , speaking as he spake ; No ground of enmity between us known , Why he should mean me ill , or seek to harm .
And the signals suggested Mr Clarke may opt to extend the scope of VAT to newspapers , food , children 's clothing , and could also tinker with tax allowances to pull in extra revenue .
Straggling behind her was a small child , about four or five , O could n't see what sex the child was . 
Carriers could use their equipment more efficiently , leading to overcapacity they were eager to fill .
The absence of the large linears could either mean the presence of complete repair or the presence of extensive degradation activity .
Keep your chequebook and your cheque card separate : If you make it easy for a thief to plunder your account by keeping your chequebook and card together , you could be held responsible for the whole amount . 
They noted that because the consumer price index , known as the CPI , is a more comprehensive measure of inflation and is rising less rapidly than the producer-price index , or PPI , it could signal further easing by Fed .
These , however , he seemed to use very sparingly , having the simple tastes of the French middle class , and when his impatient friends came to examine them , it took them some time to assure themselves that one of them even could be made to work .
In her earnest meditations on the contents of the letter , on the depravity of that mind which could dictate it , and probably , on the very different mind of a very different person , who had no other connection whatever with the affair than what her heart gave him with every thing that passed , Elinor forgot the immediate distress of her sister , forgot that she had three letters on her lap yet unread , and so entirely forgot how long she had been in the room , that when on hearing a carriage drive up to the door , she went to the window to see who could be coming so unreasonably early , she was all astonishment to perceive Mrs . Jennings ' s chariot , which she knew had not been ordered till one .
She could tell from the small lumps of matter floating on its vermilion surface .
Elinor could sit it no longer .
If only he had known that Buster could climb a tree !
Anyone could tell they were brother and sister they were so much alike , except that he had a little goatee beard on his chin .
happy house , could you know what I suffer in now viewing you from this spot , from whence perhaps I may view you no more !-- And you , ye well - known trees !-- but you will continue the same .-- No leaf will decay because we are removed , nor any branch become motionless although we can observe you no longer !-- No ; you will continue the same ; unconscious of the pleasure or the regret you occasion , and insensible of any change in those who walk under your shade !-- But who will remain to enjoy you ?"
She could at least pretend some sorrow .
But to me Beckett's writing had seemed permeated with love for human beings and with a kind of humor that I could reconcile neither with despair nor with nihilism .
Whether the Union forces could properly seize ships without congressional approval became one of the early legal controversies of the war .
She could not endure its noise .
Emma thanked him , but could not allow of his disappointing his friend on their account ; her father was sure of his rubber .
I think heroic deeds were all conceiv ' d in the open air , and all free poems also , I think I could stop here myself and do miracles , I think whatever I shall meet on the road I shall like , and whoever beholds me shall like me , I think whoever I see must be happy .
Anne could not refuse ; but never had she sacrificed to politeness with a more suffering spirit .
the Mexicans not only refused to give them , but told the possemen if they wanted a fight they could have it .
All this , though , is simply a prelude , a curtain-raiser , for what ensues , and I doubt whether any Occidental could accurately forecast it .
Even a 1% thinning of the layer could result in an increase of thousands of skin cancer cases every year . 
She smiled and gestured that she could n't hear him . 
Up the winding lane from Wadebridge which was once the main road , a large light clearing reveals the house , down its straight grassy approach , as calm and gentle and Cornish as could be . 
Where could have been the attraction ?
When he looked down at himself , as far as he could look , he saw that he was all hung with gold and silver chains !
There was a long silence after this , and Alice could only hear whispers now and then ; such as , ' Sure , I don ' t like it , yer honour , at all , at all !'
It might be that we could ensure that the shopping and household chores are done , or that the children are collected from school , thus alleviating the stress of trying to cope with everyday matters whilst trying to deal with extraordinary ones . 
And in her condition there was no way that she could have tied the rope around the beam , claimed prosecuting counsel , Rodney Klevan , QC . 
There had never been anyone else , so she could not assess their intimacies by comparison .
We dragged the man free and Warren drove the car at the dogs to box them in the alleyway so they could not escape . 
Then he remembered the Beauchamp Tower , and tried to write his blazing scepticism on the wall , and discovered that it was all shiny tiles on which nothing could be either drawn or carved .
One shawl was so tremendous that she could not wear it , so she draped it over the banister on the second floor , and it hung over the stairway .
But before deciding not to co-operate , you should bear in mind that this could mean the company has to reach a decision on the basis of inadequate information . 
She could only shake her head and look away . 
I ca n't , because I ducked down as low as I could , controlling Armstrong 's wheel with just my left hand , the injured right tucked between my legs . 
But then , Mrs . Goddard will want to see it .-- And I could take the pattern gown home any day .
Out of the rolling ocean the crowd came a drop gently to me , Whispering I love you , before long I die , I have travel ' d a long way merely to look on you to touch you , For I could not die till I once look ' d on you , For I fear ' d I might afterward lose you .
Given a favorable set of circumstances , Iran could achieve a true nuclear weapons delivery capability within the next five years .
I could not bring myself to answer that `` some of my best friends are non-propagating mules '' .
Nobody could do it now .
Nor could he blame them .
A few villas , white or pale yellow buildings , could be seen dotted haphazardly across the face of the hill , separated by small groves of olive trees and the occasional stand of poplars . 
Maudie Mycroft could see she was wasting her time seeking sympathy from the women and she picked up her shopping bag .
I could n't see where he was heading . 
The sound rose on the other side of the hills , vanished and rose again and he could imagine the mad , disheveled hoofs of the Appaloosas , horses the white men once had called the Dogs of Hell .
` If only one could smoke and if only there were upholstered chairs , this would be one of the most delightful places in the world . "
BRITAIN could face a decade of high unemployment if it became a full member of the European Monetary System without a sharp fall in the pound , according to a pressure group , the Campaign for Work . 
Sitting at a desk working on a book could hardly be more different from battling through a polar blizzard , but it presents a different sort of challenge . 
Already he could feel Anne's questioning eyes .
When they phoned me back I told them I was ill , made profuse apologies and asked if one of the other celebrities could open the helpline . 
If one were in the disjointed temporal mood , all one 's bothersome driving to and from work could be compressed into several intense commuting marathons . 
3 : 1 And I , brethren , could not speak unto you as unto spiritual , but as unto carnal , even as unto babes in Christ .
Looking around I could see the duty Officer approaching from the direction of the farm . 
27 : 24 When Pilate saw that he could prevail nothing , but that rather a tumult was made , he took water , and washed his hands before the multitude , saying , I am innocent of the blood of this just person : see ye to it .
" Take them , then ," said Carlo ; " I wish all Naples could see them , provided they might be liked half as well as I like them ."
There was a really good profile of all the youngsters which I could reproduce if people want . 
The first news stories had it that this blaze was started by a bolt of lightning , as though Miriam could call down fire from heaven like a prophet of the Old Testament .
This snake could not harm anything '' .
She said that Sir Arthur was remarkably fond of lamb , and that she wished she could get a quarter for him .
It was , of course , a little boy's fantasy of winning his mother to himself , and replacing the father who could not give her the things she wanted -- a classical oedipal fantasy if you like -- but if it were only this the story would be banal .
She could not think of much else on the 29th of September ; and she had this sympathetic touch in the evening from Mary , who , on having occasion to note down the day of the month , exclaimed , " Dear me , is not this the day the Crofts were to come to Kellynch ?
As for Lucy Steele , she considered her so totally unamiable , so absolutely incapable of attaching a sensible man , that she could not be persuaded at first to believe , and afterwards to pardon , any former affection of Edward for her .
That it could conceivably be used as a low-cost simple two station network is a bonus . 
She reasoned that if she could help the girl , she could save their marriage as well as the child . 
Relatively low oil prices meant that exploration costs could not be offset and this , together with the on-going recession , hit BP hard . 
They brought him out so that he could denounce her in person . 
then indeed I am glad , and would say , if I could , " Yes , take them , dear little boy ; I kept them for you , held them long up to the sun and rain to make them sweet and ripe for you "; and I nod and nod in full content , for my work is done .
Whether or no the Professor could answer , he did not .
It did not appear to him that Sir Walter could materially alter his style of living in a house which had such a character of hospitality and ancient dignity to support .
Some fund managers say inflows could increase in coming days as a result of stock selling in the wake of Friday 's 190.58 point drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average .
One could sense the energy , spirit and hardiness of the long gone inhabitants .
But now that he had apparently made every preparation for death ; now that his coffin was proved a good fit , Queequeg suddenly rallied ; soon there seemed no need of the carpenter ' s box : and thereupon , when some expressed their delighted surprise , he , in substance , said , that the cause of his sudden convalescence was this ;-- at a critical moment , he had just recalled a little duty ashore , which he was leaving undone ; and therefore had changed his mind about dying : he could not die yet , he averred .
“ We could both wander down , perhaps , if the rain stops . 
And before Fen could answer her question a dark bulk moved out of the shadows into their path . 
Mr . Knightley could not be there too often ; he should be glad to see him every day ;-- but they did see him every day as it was .-- Why could not they go on as they had done ?
" How I could so long a time be fancying myself !
Alternatively , I could let you have a copy if you 'd really like one .
Turkey and Syria maintain healthy trade and diplomatic relations and sending security and trade officials could be seen as a veiled warning to Syria .
`` Never could figure out why you ever wanted to be a cop , Jed .
I believe that he committed himself to assuring that he would never be party to such a thing again if he could prevent it . 
As the seed swelled its glutinous covering protected the eyeball from irritation , and both the cinder and the seed could soon be washed out .
He provides all the back up from headquarters when the team is despatched and he could well follow the ` go-team " to the accident site .
Anyone who went to the tall ships race in Belfast and saw 500,000 people thronging through the city centre day after day could see the determination of the people of Belfast to lead their lives normally . 
Indeed , the earthquake could contribute to a turnaround in the insurance cycle in a couple of ways .
The same year , US Department of Commerce put export controls on 23 specific chemicals that could aid CW proliferation .
The couple said some of Timothy 's bandages had been removed and they had been relieved they could still recognise him in spite of his severe facial injuries . 
God , I could use some dope ; I need to mellow out , I need to calm down . 
Upping the ante could slow economic development even further , as countries delay market-opening steps in anticipation of richer multilateral support .
As the dust began to subside , shafts of late afternoon light could be seen raking down the village streets . 
It was the private property of three confederate white seamen of that ship , one of whom , it seems , communicated it to Tashtego with Romish injunctions of secrecy , but the following night Tashtego rambled in his sleep , and revealed so much of it in that way , that when he was wakened he could not well withhold the rest .
Although it affected Youngstown and the surrounding area more than it affected other regions , the local people simply could not solve a national crisis on a local level .
I could never have agreed to such a plan , but was pleased at Mick 's change of mood . 
Anne had never known Mark properly , had n't understood his unorthodox behaviour , his irreverent sense of humour or the way he 'd detested sad , miserable faces , pointless regret over things that could never be altered . 
The other little fellow was up at the top at the time , and he heard the cry ; but in his fright , and all , he did not know what to do , ma ' am ; for he looked about from the top of the chimney , and not a soul could he see stirring , but a few that he could not make attend to his screech ; the boy within almost stifling too .
Our hypothesis is that the Pe CO 2 - Pa CO 2 gap could be significantly increased during graded hemorrhagic hypotension and will return to baseline shortly after resuscitation .
no -- what an impudent dog I was !-- How could I dare --"
What Mrs . Ferrars would say and do , though there could not be a doubt of its nature , she was anxious to hear ; and still more anxious to know how Edward would conduct himself .
It stood in front of an old grey cottage which the Molesworths had bought in order to acquire the land whereon they could erect their dream home . 
Nor could its relationship to the external tower at the north-west corner or to the west gate be determined .
Anne could perfectly comprehend the exquisite relief , and was only the more inclined to wonder at the composure of her friend ' s usual state of mind .
And who could tell whether , in that congregated caravan , Moby Dick himself might not temporarily be swimming , like the worshipped white - elephant in the coronation procession of the Siamese !
I believe it would be very helpful if we could establish a Campaign Fund to which branches could apply for grants to help them undertake innovative or special projects designed to strengthen their capacity to campaign .
It soon became obvious to me that no study of black sportsmen could proceed without a very careful consideration of why blacks fail in other areas , the most important one being school . 
The next morning brought another short note from Marianne -- still affectionate , open , artless , confiding -- everything that could make MY conduct most hateful .
She could not go to sleep ; but she lay awake , reflecting upon the events of the preceding day , and forming resolutions for the future , at the same time that she had resolved , and resolved without effect , she wished to give her mind some more powerful motive .
It could be a roadmaker who has to fill a depression in order to continue with the road . 
Thinking of Liz and Anna could n't wipe out those memories ; the memories merged in ways he did n't dare to face . 
He had , in fact , though his sisters were now doing all they could for him , by calling him " poor Richard ," been nothing better than a thick - headed , unfeeling , unprofitable Dick Musgrove , who had never done anything to entitle himself to more than the abbreviation of his name , living or dead .
Besides , supposing we ARE loaded with powder barrels aft and lucifers forward ; how the devil could the lucifers get afire in this drenching spray here ?
I could never cure him . 
The merging of computing and television -- the much-vaunted ` multimedia " -- which digital technology will also make possible , could produce a wave of startling new products from the computer and cable-TV industries . 
you thought nobody could dance because a certain person that shall be nameless is gone !"
But Duggie James was a thief , and anyway , this money was Mrs Schofield 's affair ; she could give it to whoever she liked and she 'd chosen Henry . 
Presenting an individualized Negro character , it would seem , is one of the most difficult assignments a Southern writer could tackle ; ;
A recent drama festival in Bihar , Central India , showed how it could be used to raise awareness about the region 's marginalised communities . 
Miss Bates was obliged to return without success ; Jane was quite unpersuadable ; the mere proposal of going out seemed to make her worse .-- Emma wished she could have seen her , and tried her own powers ; but , almost before she could hint the wish , Miss Bates made it appear that she had promised her niece on no account to let Miss Woodhouse in .
It was made a great favour of ; and altogether it was more than I could bear ; and so I never would finish it , to have it apologised over as an unfavourable likeness , to every morning visitor in Brunswick Square ;-- and , as I said , I did then forswear ever drawing any body again .
" If you were to make a plough for me ," said the lion , " I and the other lions could be ploughing and harrowing until we ' d have a bit to eat in the harvest ."
That was the only way I could check that no one else was on your tail . "
Towards the of his days , when he could no longer walk , he was wheeled in a chair into his garden . 
The last day we were in an Indian city I asked Putnam if I could get some Trichinopoli cigars , he directed me to a little place opposite his lodgings .
Yet few among the Scotland captain's admirers could have predicted he would fashion such a heroic riposte . 
27 : 15 And when the ship was caught , and could not bear up into the wind , we let her drive .
But I still could n't bear to see him sneaking off with someone else . 
The hotel food was too good to miss ; if they were peckish later , they could tuck into Archer 's shepherd 's pie . 
Mrs . Jennings , in the meantime , talked on as loud as she could , and continued her account of their surprise , the evening before , on seeing their friends , without ceasing till every thing was told .
Foreign officers could not operate radar and other navigational equipment .
One cry ' d God blesse vs , and Amen the other , As they had seene me with these Hangmans hands : Listning their feare , I could not say Amen , When they did say God blesse vs
The Doctor began to speak , in a voice so quiet Piper wondered how she could hear his words above the storm . 
She broke away before he could get a stranglehold and made her way to the podium , hitching up her dress and putting on her very best smile for the tridvid sages . 
Vernon was serviceable on the botanical field trips , but he could arrange no schedule with the cooks , and he was glad when the trips dropped off , and the botanists began to motor out by themselves .
The woman lowered her voice so that Ianthe could hardly hear it above the noise of the train . 
Matata poled gracefully ; he could have been punting down the Cam as his pole pushed blue and white water lilies aside . 
In 1947 , when the canal froze , you could skate from here to Abingdon -- nearly ten miles . 
But now Gilbert was fumbling at Pearce 's lapels , eyes glittering with what Pearce could now see was naked fear . 
` No ; but , like I said , the terms of his will specified he could be buried outside prison grounds . 
I do not mean to say that I am particularly observant or quick - sighted in general , but in such a case I am sure I could not be deceived ."
Vagrants were always discouraged , and those who were able to work , but were not willing to do so , could be sent to a local House of Correction . 
Miss Barbara Case , stung by Susan ' s bees , could not , after all her manoeuvres , go with Mrs . Strathspey to the ball .
Company officials could n't be reached .
You could see nothing but his eyes , and he seemed to talk with them .
I was having lunch not long ago ( apologies to N. V. Peale ) with three distinguished historians ( one specializing in the European Middle Ages , one in American history , and one in the Far East ) , and I asked them if they could name instances where the general mores had been radically changed with `` deliberate speed , majestic instancy '' ( Francis Thompson's words for the Hound Of Heaven's Pursuit ) by judicial fiat .
Dinner consisted of pea soup , which Millie found quite nice -- she could taste there had been some kind of pork boiled in the liquid -- followed by a meat pudding . 
Immediately a whirlwind of change ripped through Althorp as the new mistress endeavoured to turn the family home into a paying proposition so that the awesome debts the new Earl had taken on could be paid off .
By the time I could get out of the Press-box into the open air , the rain which had been the cause of the stoppage was barely perceptible .
Resolution 45 / 63 expressed concern at Israel 's continuing nuclear build-up and urged all states " not to co-operate with or give assistance to Israel that could enhance its nuclear weapons capability " .
Seeing a youth of about 17 about to cycle away , Harry whispered that he was RAF and did he know anyone who could help . 
Nor thou his malice and false guile contemn ; Subtle he needs must be , who could seduce Angels ; nor think superfluous other ' s aid .
His name could , indeed , be invoked through the medieval centuries to reinforce the exaltation of virginity at the expense of marriage and to curtail the role of sexuality even within Christian marriage . 
She prayed the guttering would hold her weight as she slowly hauled herself up until she could sit astride the peak of the roof .
Fitzormonde and Mowbray had always been soft , they could whine and moan that they had not been to blame , but Horne had agreed to Whitton 's plan and built a thriving business on the proceeds . 
In that , he could not be defended ; but if he had injured her , how much more had he injured himself ; if her case were pitiable , his was hopeless .
Circumstances that might swell to half an hour ' s relation , and contained multiplied proofs to her who had seen them , had passed undiscerned by her who now heard them ; but the two latest occurrences to be mentioned , the two of strongest promise to Harriet , were not without some degree of witness from Emma herself .-- The first , was his walking with her apart from the others , in the lime - walk at Donwell , where they had been walking some time before Emma came , and he had taken pains ( as she was convinced ) to draw her from the rest to himself -- and at first , he had talked to her in a more particular way than he had ever done before , in a very particular way indeed !--( Harriet could not recall it without a blush .)
Oliver , in his summary of the habits of the snakes of the United States , could supply data on the maturing period for only three species in addition to the rattlers , which I shall consider separately .
So Lolotte -- or anybody -- could have listened , and that somebody could have already been supplied with the missing bottle of opium .
A line - of - battle ship could hardly keep him under then .
He ordered his soldiers to kill every boy baby that should be born in an Israelitish family ; he did not care about the girls , because they could not grow up to fight .
Could Anne have foreseen such a junction , she would have staid at home ; but , from some feelings of interest and curiosity , she fancied now that it was too late to retract , and the whole six set forward together in the direction chosen by the Miss Musgroves , who evidently considered the walk as under their guidance .
She understood it all ; and as far as her mind could disengage itself from the injustice and selfishness of angry feelings , she acknowledged that Jane Fairfax would have neither elevation nor happiness beyond her desert .
Both of them were overcome by the horror of the world in which they found themselves , because at last they could no longer overcome that world with the weapon of a purely lyrical art .
of heavy arms expenditures and constant danger of another world war had to ensue before the United States could bring itself to accept the two chief results of World War 2 , -- Communist control of East Europe and China -- a new balance of power .
Rain could try and get some answers from Barbara Coleman when they held their whispered conversation before Chagall 's windows , but she must make up her own mind about Maurin 's character . 
Elizabeth could not conceive how such an absurd suspicion should occur to her , and indignantly answered for each party ' s perfectly knowing their situation .
I could see the librarian ' s great legs wavering under him like the shadows of stems in a pool ; and I could not banish from my own brain the fancy that the trees all around us were filling softly in the silence with devils instead of birds .
" I never could have believed ," he cried , " that you had humour enough to tell a lie .
" Indeed , the truth was , that poor dear Jane could not bear to see any body -- any body at all -- Mrs . Elton , indeed , could not be denied -- and Mrs . Cole had made such a point -- and Mrs . Perry had said so much -- but , except them , Jane would really see nobody ."
After the spate of female vocalists we have been having , all of whom took Sarah as a point of departure and then tried to see what they could do that might make her seem old hat , it seemed that all that has happened is to make the real thing seem better than ever .
Simone Lantain , who lives in London , went to see a healer who could see into past lives . 
She could not stay .
To our knowledge this could be the first report of poisoning from sulphonylureas by inhalation . 
Lady Middleton could no longer endure such a conversation , and therefore exerted herself to ask Mr . Palmer if there was any news in the paper .
Hell could no longer hold us in our bounds , Nor this unvoyageable gulf obscure Detain from following thy illustrious track .
Not ignoring what is good , I am quick to perceive a horror , and could still be social with it -- would they let me -- since it is but well to be on friendly terms with all the inmates of the place one lodges in .
It could have been Bari or Chieti for the way it smelled .
She could n't help but wonder what he was thinking , and allowed herself a sour internal smile at the thought that only she and Ace knew he had to be wrong . 
The application of these formulae could not please both sides , for they really attempted to marry the impossible to the inevitable .
Whatever you 're doing over the weekend of 28th/29th November , forget it , your time could be better spent …
11 : 1 Would to God ye could bear with me a little in my folly : and indeed bear with me .
He received the kindest welcome from her ; and shyness , coldness , reserve could not stand against such a reception .
The doctor , he noticed , was attempting a transverse movement towards the stairs , but before the movement could be completed a distinct and audible cluck ruffled the air in the hollow of the stair-well .
About four years after his accident , Guy learned to stand on his hemiplegic leg without his toes flexing automatically , so that he could hold his balance while he lifted his other leg off the floor . 
The consecration of his new basilica on the anniversary of Assandun and the erection of a church on the battlefield could also have owed something to Danish interest . 
Could he accordingly have the pleasure of treating her to a deckchair and listening to the band with her ?
Nor could he abandon his post for the moment to ensure that Boris returned below . 
He could also go broke -- last year , farm incomes fell by 25 per cent . 
The giant said he did want one , if he could get one who would do everything that he would do himself .
It would be better to forgive -- if one could really forgive .
Even for him the sound was as yet very small and faint ; but he could have sworn the evening breeze bore with it something like the pulsation of horses ' hoofs and a distant hallooing .
The work , indeed , was not so very hard , even she could see that -- most of the labour about a farm was harder , and much more dangerous and disagreeable . 
These difficulties could be overcome by using finely ground copper carbonate rather than metal , and mixing it with an organic glue . 
Additional cable partners could boost subscribers even further .
The unremitting four-mile ascent to the high pass over the ridge reduced me to a walking wet rag ; I was literally soaked to the skin and could feel rivulets chasing each other down my bosom . 
One of the country 's foremost experts on chemical warfare is warning that London could be attacked by Iraqi terrorists using the deadly weapons . 
For a moment or two she could say no more ; but when this emotion had passed away , she added , in a firmer tone ,
Sherman insisted that cavalry could not successfully break up hostile railways , yet Garrard's Covington raid and Rousseau's Opelika raid cut two-thirds of the rail lines he had to break and Sherman lived in mortal fear of what Forrest might do to his communications .
He could pass for a European , an Italian or a Frenchman from one of the Southern regions , like Provence .
They could lodge with Grandpa during the week and go home at week-ends .
She continues : ‘ The people who created Guedé ’ needed a spirit which could burlesque the society that crushed him , so Guedé ’ eats roasted peanuts and parched corn like his devotees . 
While she talked of his son , Mr . Weston ' s attention was chained ; but when she got to Maple Grove , he could recollect that there were ladies just arriving to be attended to , and with happy smiles must hurry away .
There was silence for a moment , a silence so deep and intense that she could hear her own heart beating , almost hear the flow of blood rushing through her veins . 
You must be very much altered indeed since we parted , if that could be the case , and you not there .
I could have wished , however , as you know , that you had seen Mr . Wingfield before you left home ."
She could imagine what Louisa was feeling .
THE SALES PITCH could n't sound better .
Ranges of immense , snow-covered mountains crowded into view : there could , Magellan thought , be no possible exit . 
He was delighted with every thing ; admired Hartfield sufficiently for Mr . Woodhouse ' s ear ; and when their going farther was resolved on , confessed his wish to be made acquainted with the whole village , and found matter of commendation and interest much oftener than Emma could have supposed .
Alternatively , a GshA gene could have been present in the last common ancestor , but have been lost in nearly all Archaea , the deepest - branching eukaryotes and many bacteria .
If , however , the figure to be discerned were complicated , composed of several interlocking subfigures , and so on , even the tracing process failed him , and he could not focus even relatively simple shapes among its parts .
At a speed that neither could match Louisa and Horrocks saw him hasten back down the lake . 
I could n't say where , except it was like a pit , and sometimes I was floating above and it was nothing to do with me . 
But even more pressing was the need to escape from his discomforting gaze that could have been gratitude or suspicion or almost anything . 
Anyone could be sprawled there .
Her tears fell abundantly -- but her grief was so truly artless , that no dignity could have made it more respectable in Emma ' s eyes -- and she listened to her and tried to console her with all her heart and understanding -- really for the time convinced that Harriet was the superior creature of the two -- and that to resemble her would be more for her own welfare and happiness than all that genius or intelligence could do .
Most of these accidents could have been avoided by just a few minutes extra care . 
He wondered how they could go on in poverty , superstition , ignorance , with a complete lack of desire to make either their land or their lives flourish .
Most villagers were encumbered with the huge broods of the day and it was as much as worn parents could do to keep them warm and fed But John 's parents had time to give .
The next morning Loveit could not help reproaching the party with their conduct .
The manager sat behind the group so he could see and count the hands that went up , and the director wrote the numbers on the blackboard .
But then his son could afford it .
I was shaking with embarrassment that he could talk to me in this way at all , as if he knew me , as if he had the right to question me . 
Claudia murmured agreement and ate automatically , though she could n't taste a thing . 
Her middle could hold loose goods to 250 cubic metres or be replaced with any one of seventeen styles of container . 
Thou hast told it once , and told it well ; no one but my brother could tell it better ."
She could smell the hot aroused smell of a man , a dangerous man . 
You could see this realization dawning on Barbara Walters ' grave face .
If you look at a reading meant for someone else , you will probably see that many of the items could be considered as applicable to you , even when you were not in the picture at all ! !
Last week , in the German city of Dusseldorf , G. David Thompson was making headlines that could well give Pittsburgh pause .
After being long fed with hopes of a speedy visit from Mr . and Mrs . Suckling , the Highbury world were obliged to endure the mortification of hearing that they could not possibly come till the autumn .
" No ," replied be , with sudden consciousness , " not to find it in YOU ; for I cannot be ignorant that to you , to your goodness , I owe it all .-- I feel it -- I would express it if I could -- but , as you well know , I am no orator ."
This could put you at risk .
Sufferers from diabetes and epilepsy , or those given counterfeit antibiotics , could be particularly at risk , said the Association of the British Pharmaceutical Industry . 
A protesting Maltote was roused and ordered to ride as fast as he could to the royal camp outside Bedford . 
He earnestly pressed her , after giving the particulars of the house and garden , to come with her daughters to Barton Park , the place of his own residence , from whence she might judge , herself , whether Barton Cottage , for the houses were in the same parish , could , by any alteration , be made comfortable to her .
The balloon , borne by some chance wind , came right above them , and they could see the great white head of the President peering over the side and looking benevolently down on them .
They ate and drank , sitting tucked into long grass that screened them from the river ; they could hear the flow of it , and the occasional plop of a fish . 
" I was simple enough to think , that because my FAITH was plighted to another , there could be no danger in my being with you ; and that the consciousness of my engagement was to keep my heart as safe and sacred as my honour .
By the time Felix turned up it was early afternoon , which , one would think , would be late enough so that by then , except for small children and a few hardy souls who had not yet sobered up , it could have been expected that people would no longer be having any sort of active interest in the previous night's noisemakers and paper hats .
She thought again of her children , those two who had died young , before the later science which might have saved them could attach even a label to their separate malignancies .
They could be done or left undone and nobody really gave a damn .
The state legislature helped as well , by legalizing gambling in 1931 and thus solidifying the future of the town , though legislators and residents could never have known this at the time .
Then I remembered how sometimes people in a coma could be reached by the voices of their favourite pop stars , or someone they loved . 
I could not help being provoked ; for after all my pains , and when I had really made a very good likeness of it --( Mrs . Weston and I were quite agreed in thinking it _very_ like )-- only too handsome -- too flattering -- but that was a fault on the right side -- after all this , came poor dear Isabella ' s cold approbation of --" Yes , it was a little like -- but to be sure it did not do him justice ."
He always moved with the alertness of a mind which could neither be undecided nor dilatory , but now he seemed more sudden than usual in his disappearance .
The epic poems , the consolidation of the Greek pantheon , the rise of firm political units , the self-awareness which could permit painted and sculptured representations of men -- all these had to await the progress of following decades .
I was talking to Maazel on the morning before the performance , having battled through a snowstorm that even Puccini , in all the Pelléas -like flurries of Fanciulla 's Second Act , could hardly have exaggerated . 
She avoided the looks of them all , could neither eat nor speak , and after some time , on her mother ' s silently pressing her hand with tender compassion , her small degree of fortitude was quite overcome , she burst into tears and left the room .
As soon , however , as the consciousness of all this was forced by continual repetition on Marianne , she could stay no longer .
hardly could I believe the melancholy and sickly figure before me , to be the remains of the lovely , blooming , healthful girl , on whom I had once doted .
His rank in society I would alter if I could , which is saying a great deal I assure you , Emma .-- You laugh at me about William Larkins ; but I could quite as ill spare Robert Martin ."
Mr . Elton ' s situation was most suitable , quite the gentleman himself , and without low connexions ; at the same time , not of any family that could fairly object to the doubtful birth of Harriet .
How directly , how strongly had he expressed himself to her on the subject !-- Not too strongly for the offence -- but far , far too strongly to issue from any feeling softer than upright justice and clear - sighted goodwill .-- She had no hope , nothing to deserve the name of hope , that he could have that sort of affection for herself which was now in question ; but there was a hope ( at times a slight one , at times much stronger ,) that Harriet might have deceived herself , and be overrating his regard for _her_ .-- Wish it she must , for his sake -- be the consequence nothing to herself , but his remaining single all his life .
To hear them talking so much of Captain Wentworth , repeating his name so often , puzzling over past years , and at last ascertaining that it might , that it probably would , turn out to be the very same Captain Wentworth whom they recollected meeting , once or twice , after their coming back from Clifton -- a very fine young man -- but they could not say whether it was seven or eight years ago , was a new sort of trial to Anne ' s nerves .
They could walk , ride on a bus or be driven .
For if I knew the secret of letting this power in my body change directly into electricity , I could rent myself out to the electric companies and with just the power in my body I could light all the lights and run all the factories in the entire United States for some days .
But when the situation was so complicated that even Nogaret , one of the principal actors in the drama , could misinterpret the pope's motives , it is possible that Othon and his companions , equally baffled , attributed their difficulties to a more immediate cause .
If the procedure succeeds , Carly will be able to lead a normal life , offering hope to thousands of sufferers with diseases like cystic fibrosis and muscular dystrophy who could be cured by similar techniques . 
25 : 15 Wherefore the anger of the LORD was kindled against Amaziah , and he sent unto him a prophet , which said unto him , Why hast thou sought after the gods of the people , which could not deliver their own people out of thine hand ?
In conclusion , the Survey indicated that its results demanded an emphasis on improvements in practice management and that the service could be faster and more responsive to users ' needs .
In addition , the combination of emission reductions and timing is not feasible and could threaten the reliability of electricity supply .
Modigliani 's health deteriorated , he was drinking and smoking more , taking hashish , so that he could no longer hide his ill-health behind his good looks and gaiety of manner . 
Gould resigned from the service of the Zoological Society but agreed to act as a ` corresponding Member " , so that his letters and discoveries could be read aloud at the meetings and published in the proceedings . 
She could see that Mr. Gorboduc was intrigued ; ;
Salespeople also could get a precise reading on when products could be delivered -- in much the same way that Federal Express has marketed its ability to tell exactly where a package is in the delivery system .
Try to remember to put your jewellery on last when getting ready ; hairsprays , nail enamels and make-up could tarnish the gold and also you might catch rings on zip fasteners or earrings and necklaces on clothing . 
They knew that I was still grieving over the tragic event , and they felt that if I could see the recovery and the spirit of the people , who hold no grudge , but who also regret Pearl Harbor , I would be happier and would understand better a new Japan .
I should be obliged if you could make other arrangements for your daughters .
In response to Charash 's criticism about releasing the findings before publishing them , Baldino said government regulations require him to disclose information that could affect the company 's financial status .
They went up to the small room where Eve had lived for as long as she could remember . 
I ' ll never believe that anyone could be such a fool .
Made the more appealing , perhaps , by alcohol and half-light , she was nonetheless beautiful , her elfin face crossed by a touching sadness , her brow furrowed by some longing she could not define . 
Those at the bottom of the pile could expect little better ; workers in the " dishonourable " trades were stigmatised by degeneracy and evident inferiority . 
Riven felt a thrill of fear in his stomach , like ice poured liquid into the bottom of his lungs ; and then it was all he could do to steer his terrified horse in Murtach 's wake , and stay aboard as it swerved past rocks and bushes , and leapt hollows with the thunder of the other horses like a storm in his ears , and the rain a freezing hail in his face that blinded him . 
There were not many chairs , so that some preferred to sit on the edge of the porch , resting their feet on the ground , and others liked to sit where they could lean back against the wall .
Mr. Byrum and Ms. Smith could n't be reached for comment .
Nothing could have done it away to my feelings ."
Each unit could be lifted by six men and fitted a standard three-ton lorry .
` If you 've got some jet , " said Scarlet , ` you could make my mother a necklace and earrings for Christmas . 
` Perhaps you could let me have your number and then I 'll give you a call when Mr Steen is back in town and we could fix another appointment . " 
They meant that while Sunday could not denounce him like Gogol , he still could not trust him like the others .
But it was no use -- I did all I could ; sat up with him nights ; was very severe with him in the matter of diet --"
Only his song could do the trick , and float the witch into a dreamless sleep , and so she tied him to a perch by a silken ribbon and put bells on his bird 's feet . 
The CIA believes that `` Teheran is rapidly approaching self-sufficiency and could become a supplier of CW - related materials to other nations . ''
Dealing with the sales this month could be particularly challenging because almost every problem that has hobbled the program in the past is popping up again .
She'd say she didn't feel good on Sunday , couldn't go to church -- there'd be a little argument , but she could be stubborn -- and when the old woman had gone , quick pack the things she'd need to take , all but the dress she'd wear Monday , and take the bag down to that place in the station where you could put things in a locker overnight , for a dime .
The revolutionary proposition was that all patients could live in community units outside the asylums , and that their placements could be funded from the revenue sunk into the big hospitals . 
And even those could be put down to excessive grief at the loss of his wife . 
Jay could have slammed her head against the table and wept . 
But , even as I passed , I could swear I saw a second black window with something on it that was like a snail .
On May 29 , Clarke suggested that Rice ask DCI Tenet what more the United States could do to stop Abu Zubaydah from launching '' a series of major terrorist attacks , '' probably on Israeli targets , but possibly on U.S. facilities .
One could but say that it was black and leathery and that it bore some resemblance to a dwarfish , human figure .
When Nan Patterson , a stunning and money-minded chorus girl who had appeared in a Floradora road show , rode down Broadway in a hansom cab with her married lover , Frank Young , she stopped the cab to disclose that Young had been shot dead , tearfully insisting that he had shot himself although experts said he could not have done so .
They went for the throat or the genitals , and the smallest scratch from their long black claws could poison a man to death .
Either group could stalk the adventurers during the journey to Castle Drachenfels . 
But it is that which could ultimately derail his campaign , because as the pressure for a clear decision forces Government MPs off the fence , Urquhart is the candidate who could suffer most .
Mr . and Mrs . John Knightley were to come down in August , and she was invited to remain till they could bring her back .
They proposed to my father that he make a list of all our properties in Palestine so that they could buy them . 
Alternatively , the proposition could be researched in a non-experimental way .
" Could I know a white elephant among all those people !"
After the diagnosing , he left the course , convinced that it could do him no good .
Jury , judge and executioner were riding the range in the form of a single unknown figure that could materialize anywhere , at any time , to dispense an ancient brand of justice the men of the new West had believed long outdated .
No one who had stared into the chaos of the warp , no one whose living was to do so , could be unsophisticated and survive .
Dashing his pint mug down on the bar , Greg Hocking darted through the door before any of the idly curious could bar his way . 
Tibbets was a decorated , top-gun pilot , but Karnes could wrangle the military rule book as well as Tibbets could fly .
Put down my pen and I heard in my ears the howl of the fleeing dog , saw the metal flash of Sophie 's shoe -- I could not bear it . 
He had begun to talk of it a week ago ; and by way of doing something , as shooting was over , Charles had proposed coming with him , and Mrs Harville had seemed to like the idea of it very much , as an advantage to her husband ; but Mary could not bear to be left , and had made herself so unhappy about it , that for a day or two everything seemed to be in suspense , or at an end .
This could be accomplished without the tremendous expenditures necessitated by the Schuylkill Expressway and without destroying the natural beauty of the East River Drive .
Individually now and in no order , depending on how swiftly crews could reload , prime and fire , the Scots gunners worked their pieces , aiming lower , those two leading vessels taking terrible punishment .
Jessica stared about in every direction , but she could see no other buildings , or sign of human life . 
This could be done by mixing powdered jade with more palatable foods . 
But he laughed so heartily at the recollection , that Emma could not help saying ,
Eager as he was to pursue this promising line , he was so loaded down with the management of the pharmacy and lectures in the medical and pharmaceutical faculties at the university that he could devote only Sunday afternoons to `` galvanizing '' .
She could not quit that room in peace without seeing Captain Wentworth once more , without the interchange of one friendly look .
Gouge , burn , blast , insult it as they would , could anyone really take Papa-san ? ?
I must have felt immediately after that it was a mere leap of unreasonable nerves ; for the man was only a dark dot in the distance , and I could only just see that he was standing quite still and gazing , with his head a little on one side .
With such enjoyable and accessible music this could make a highly satisfactory set for demonstrating a newly acquired hi-fi system . 
The end result of such roundtables , one can only fear , could be that the only books depicting people of color that get published are those that do not challenge white assumptions .
" Dear Mrs . Weston , how could you think of such a thing ?-- Mr .
The tsar could congratulate himself on Russia 's first military triumph since the suppression of the Polish rebellion in 1831 . 
As he tottered back to his seat it was as much as I could do not to applaud . 
Sliding from his lap , she stepped back so that he could view her . 
Capable of enduring friendships , they were also stout controversialists , who could write with a drop of vitriol on their pens .
` Well ? " he barked , clearly not ecstatic that she thought she could lay down conditions . 
He expressed the opinion the city could hire a CD director for about $3,500 a year and would only have to put up half that amount on a matching fund basis to defray the salary costs .
That is , the underlying holdings of serious reference works , older classics , local history and other works of more than ephemeral interest would fall to such a low level that most readers ' questions and serious enquiries could not be answered without outside help . 
That way he could have his cake and eat it too . 
But all was false and hollow ; though his tongue Dropped manna , and could make the worse appear The better reason , to perplex and dash Maturest counsels : for his thoughts were low -- To vice industrious , but to nobler deeds Timorous and slothful .
The invitation was everywhere so well received , that it seemed as if , like Mrs . Elton , they were all taking the scheme as a particular compliment to themselves .-- Emma and Harriet professed very high expectations of pleasure from it ; and Mr . Weston , unasked , promised to get Frank over to join them , if possible ; a proof of approbation and gratitude which could have been dispensed with .-- Mr . Knightley was then obliged to say that he should be glad to see him ; and Mr . Weston engaged to lose no time in writing , and spare no arguments to induce him to come .
Could she be secure of that , indeed , of his never marrying at all , she believed she should be perfectly satisfied .-- Let him but continue the same Mr . Knightley to her and her father , the same Mr . Knightley to all the world ; let Donwell and Hartfield lose none of their precious intercourse of friendship and confidence , and her peace would be fully secured .-- Marriage , in fact , would not do for her .
Apart from the few noises I made on the path , all I could hear was the very occasional and distant roar of heavy trucks on the road through town . 
Twas a bold act then -- the English war - ships had just arrived , We could watch down the lower bay where they lay at anchor , And the transports swarming with soldiers .
It could take at least five days before the fire can be brought under full control .
The Soviet Union had agreed to reduce from 308 to 154 its arsenal of SS-18s , the heaviest ICBM in the world , each of which could carry 10 warheads . 
I would not justify it to you even if I could .
But , though discomfited and disappointed , he could still do something for his own interest and his own enjoyment .
When Sir John returned , he joined most heartily in the general regret on so unfortunate an event ; concluding however by observing , that as they were all got together , they must do something by way of being happy ; and after some consultation it was agreed , that although happiness could only be enjoyed at Whitwell , they might procure a tolerable composure of mind by driving about the country .
For example , you could make batches of meals from fresh food , then freeze them . 
She had made trouble whenever she could , stealing her boyfriends by telling downright lies . 
We got Dr. Glenn to him as quickly as we could , and we wired Tom of Papa's desperate condition .
In the Kandyan Kingdom dissatisfied persons could take cases to more formal courts .
6 : 5 And he could there do no mighty work , save that he laid his hands upon a few sick folk , and healed them .
To avoid a comparative poverty , which her affection and her society would have deprived of all its horrors , I have , by raising myself to affluence , lost every thing that could make it a blessing ."
Nor could she leave the place in which Willoughby remained , busy in new engagements , and new schemes , in which SHE could have no share , without shedding many tears .
OPEC officials worry that prices could collapse a few months from now if the group does n't adopt new quotas .
She could soon sit upright on the sofa , and began to hope she might be able to leave it by dinner - time .
Before I could fully recover , however , two or three of these admirers ran up to me radiating indignation , and told me that a public insult had been put upon me in the next room .
They could remember the Easter Fete last year . 
" All the same ," said Evan , like one answering in an ordinary conversation , " he did ask you whether he could help you ."
The question would normally be whether their decision was unreasonable in the sense that no tribunal acquainted with the ordinary use of language could reasonably reach that decision . 
Indeed , Miss Woodhouse , ( speaking more collectedly ,) with the consciousness which I have of misconduct , very great misconduct , it is particularly consoling to me to know that those of my friends , whose good opinion is most worth preserving , are not disgusted to such a degree as to -- I have not time for half that I could wish to say .
Without that elimination of the anomaly created in 1902 the necessary reconstruction could not have been accomplished . 
Others are merely temporarily hidden , such as whether there is fire behind a building which obstructs our line of sight ; we could come to know about this by going to see .
Pale , silent , stern , what could I say to that long - accrued retribution ?
But all that he could say could not alter facts .
Seeing so many illustrations and reading so many testimonials to the value of Quick-Wate and Super-Protein , those two wonder-working Weider food supplements , he decided to try them and see what they could do for him .
Did you think you could make me leave him by telling me that ? " 
You could dry it in there in wet weather . 
A MORNING bowl of muesli could contain as much fat as two fried eggs and four teaspoons of sugar , a report has warned . 
Er and at the end of the quarter I could n't pay that , then obviously you got no dividend on it because you still owed them that hundred pounds , but they would take the book away so you could n't get any more .
There was not much of this kind of nonsense as far as I could tell by eavesdropping around the room , but there were cries of anguish when the prices of some of the wines were announced . 
` If anyone could see into my heart , I should feel quite ashamed " , he wrote to his wife . 
I know we agreed never to name him -- but considering how infinitely superior he is to every body else , I should not have thought it possible that I could be supposed to mean any other person .
I lou ' d Ophelia ; fortie thousand Brothers Could not ( with all there quantitie of Loue ) Make vp my summe .
` And if you could see your way clear to buy me one of those little Scottish drummer-girl dolls in the transparent plastic cartons . " 
Cecilia , though she was capable of acknowledging any of her faults in public before all her companions , could not humble herself in private to Leonora .
Indeed , its very ordinariness and the want of any reliable documentation could easily have led to its disposal . 
Their old argument was that , by unilaterally renouncing nuclear weapons , the West could somehow avoid the dangers of the nuclear age . 
On one side of the road , thickets and small trees rose steeply , while on the other I could now glimpse though the foliage the distant countryside . 
In that amid thy many faults thou ever aimedst highly , In that thou wouldst not really sell thyself however great the price , In that thou surely wakedst weeping from thy drugg ' d sleep , In that alone among thy sisters thou , giantess , didst rend the ones that shamed thee , In that thou couldst not , wouldst not , wear the usual chains , This cross , thy livid face , thy pierced hands and feet , The spear thrust in thy side .
If we were lucky , there were a few minutes in the evening when the wind dropped , the dust storm subsided , and we could brave the mosquitoes and wash the corrosive dust from our bodies . 
But E.G.T. could not let the Swiss bank have even 10 shares .
He lifted an edge so that they could look underneath , where it was criss-crossed with a lattice of deep ribs . 
Emma grieved that she could not be more openly just to one important service which his better sense would have rendered her , to the advice which would have saved her from the worst of all her womanly follies -- her wilful intimacy with Harriet Smith ; but it was too tender a subject .-- She could not enter on it .-- Harriet was very seldom mentioned between them .
Before Robyn could reply , the man in the white coat had called out , ` Mr Wilcox ! 
I could hear his voice in my ear . 
However a small scattering of calibrated stations could provide an interesting and potentially significant source of scientific date on radio propagation . 
The want of proper families in the place , and the conviction that none beyond the place and its immediate environs could be tempted to attend , were mentioned ; but he was not satisfied .
And Ginsberg was noted for unleashing many of his more notable works in marathon sessions under the influence of controlled substances , while Podhoretz 's work diverged so far from the liberal mainstream that one could argue it could only have emerged using similar means .
" I could meet him no other way .
Everyone who comes here at once delights in the surroundings , and yet when those periods were upon me , nothing could brighten my day nor lift the gloom .
And there would be no chance of signaling them -- without the Nernst generator Jack could not send a call powerful enough to get through all the static , and by the time he could rebuild his fusion power the skiff would be gone .
On that footing the taxi driver could have been guilty of larceny by a trick ( in old-fashioned terms ) , so as to be guilty of theft under any interpretation of section 1(1) .
Then they draped a rug over the basket , so the calf could be warmed by the sun , but not dazzled by its rays . 
Some of us felt that more attention could be paid to this aspect , particularly in order to obtain a greater economic return for the heavy expenditure on government assistance .
Mrs Blakey asked as casually as she could , pushing a packet of wafer biscuits towards Kate . 
Believe me ," and Elinor spoke it with the truest sincerity , " nothing could be farther from my intention than to give you such an idea .
The leading case , Seaboard Air Line Railway v. United States , held that the transferee could sue for a refund of taxes paid by the transferor , and it has been consistently followed .
On the study of variety , the list of references could become enormous .
Ideally one could construct a model of the fossil to test out these various functions in experiments , but the number of examples where the analysis has been pursued this far are limited . 
He said that Mr. Wright was not in , and so could not be arrested on something called a peace warrant that Miriam was waving in the air .
Mr . Frank Churchill still declined it , looking as serious as he could , and his father gave his hearty support by calling out , " My good friend , this is quite unnecessary ; Frank knows a puddle of water when he sees it , and as to Mrs . Bates ' s , he may get there from the Crown in a hop , step , and jump ."
One of the details of the New Festspielhaus in Salzburg that people like to gossip about was the fact that the orchestra pit could be raised or lowered by you at the touch of a button . 
After a conversation with another man , he was able to recount practically everything that had been said but could not describe at all what the other man looked like .
Could your future , your immediate future , be made to include taking us upstairs , giving us a bit of space in which our friend can work , and making available to him your finger tips '' ? ?
John Vernon had had all the patronage he cared for -- he had prospered , but he could not retire from horsedom .
The next few days could decide the fate of thousands of hard-pressed workers , home owners and firms .
Remember to reduce speed on downhill stretches and to watch in the mirror for traffic which may be about to overtake , and which could therefore set up a swing . 
If having encountered , say , the Rite , Petrushka , and Firebird , you wish to make further inroads into Stravinsky 's compositional genius , you could hardly do better than invest in this splendid disc . 
They simply could not understand why people in England were so worried . 
Even then , as you go into the house oppressed by the knowledge that something is cooking and that your house has passed under this unaccountable , official control , could you go on forgetting that you still had that ridiculous hat on your head and you were still carrying that childish horn in your hand ? ?
She was scanning the windows of the ward above , and holding up a plastic shopping bag , through which I could discern two bottles of wine and several cartons of cakes and other goodies . 
People could be amazingly stupid . 
They could not see anyone , so they walked softly round to the other side of the church , and there they saw Mary kneeling beside a grave , on which her brothers and sisters were hanging their white garlands .
31 : 23 For destruction from God was a terror to me , and by reason of his highness I could not endure .
Indeed it was scarcely reasonable to expect that a boy who had been educated to think that he might cheat every customer he could in the way of trade , should be afterwards scrupulously honest in his conduct towards the father whose proverbs encouraged his childhood in cunning .
But could it be so ?
While poor Mrs . Churchill lived , I suppose there could not have been a hope , a chance , a possibility ;-- but scarcely are her remains at rest in the family vault , than her husband is persuaded to act exactly opposite to what she would have required .
I never could comprehend how Mr . Weston could part with him .
Customers who were not known to smile for years actually could not help making the odd comment to the cashiers . 
Stella can not afford to believe the fact that Blanche could be right . 
Apart from the tangled wreck of the main body of the car , Cardiff could see twisted chunks of metal lying in the roadway and in the pavement . 
' Oh , don ' t bother ME ,' said the Duchess ; ' I never could abide figures !'
Unaccountable , however , as the circumstances of his release might appear to the whole family , it was certain that Edward was free ; and to what purpose that freedom would be employed was easily pre - determined by all ;-- for after experiencing the blessings of ONE imprudent engagement , contracted without his mother ' s consent , as he had already done for more than four years , nothing less could be expected of him in the failure of THAT , than the immediate contraction of another .
Bernice was so angry she could hardly speak . 
She could only resolve to avoid such self - delusion in future , and think with heightened gratitude of the extraordinary blessing of having one such truly sympathising friend as Lady Russell .
Lewis could let his eye caress The Prince's divan , covered with a rose-pink and silver Turkish cloth , or admire the lovely tapis , interwoven with gold , that spread across the floor .
And when they had sought and could not find them , they returned to Jerusalem .
and could not seriously picture to herself a more agreeable or estimable man .
My peace of mind is doubly involved in it ;-- for not only is it horrible to suspect a person , who has been what HE has been to ME , of such designs ,-- but what must it make me appear to myself ?-- What in a situation like mine , but a most shamefully unguarded affection could expose me to "--
The rows of young men perched atop the slatted sides sang snatches of song which no one could hear above the noise of the engine .
After laying out for some compliments of being deeply regretted in their old neighbourhood , which Anne could not pay , they had only a few faint enquiries to make , before the talk must be all their own .
They would wait silently by the roadside for a victim and could only he identified if forced to speak , for then they would emit a loud bray . 
How could she have been so brutal , so cruel to Miss Bates !
She looked down at her white slippers , not fancying the mud and muck she could see there . 
She could only give him a look ; but it was such a look as she thought must restore him to his senses , and then left the sofa , removing to a seat by her sister , and giving her all her attention .
They seemed always to be finished , though , and Margery was always wishing she could see them grow .
The Harvilles silenced all scruples ; and , as much as they could , all gratitude .
My object , rather , is to alert you to an aspect or two of the affair that could have the gravest implications for you , far beyond the legal sanctions society might inflict .
After all , nothing could be worse than the war-torn , economically deprived , famine stricken homelands which they left behind .
'-- and just take his head off outside ,' the Queen added to one of the officers : but the Hatter was out of sight before the officer could get to the door .
Soon the man felt the hermit ' s eyes ; he could not go on with his tricks .
This was a country where only 3% of the land could be used for agriculture but where farmers received considerable financial assistance from the government to ensure that rural communities continued to be viable .
Impatient in this situation to be doing something that might lead to her sister ' s relief , Elinor resolved to write the next morning to her mother , and hoped by awakening her fears for the health of Marianne , to procure those inquiries which had been so long delayed ; and she was still more eagerly bent on this measure by perceiving after breakfast on the morrow , that Marianne was again writing to Willoughby , for she could not suppose it to be to any other person .
Barbara fixed her eyes upon Miss Somers as she spoke ; but she could not read her countenance as distinctly as she wished , because Miss Somers was at this moment letting down the veil of her hat .
He yearned for sleep ; with what willpower he could muster he forced away the waking world and urged himself into the darkness . 
Faldo ruined his chances with a 76 on Saturday -- and even a 67 on the last day could only put him in joint second place . 
According to news reports , the abrupt termination was due to fears that VOA transmissions could interfere with the peace process .
The liberals , smelling blood , were faced with the necessity of winning three big votes -- in the Democratic Committee on Committees , in the full party caucus , and on the floor of the House -- before they could oust Colmer .
He had volunteered no more details about Rohan 's departure , and she could n't allow herself to ask . 
" Could you possibly know your President among all those people ?"
All that she could tell she told most gladly , but the all was little for one who had been there , and unsatisfactory for such an enquirer as Mrs Smith , who had already heard , through the short cut of a laundress and a waiter , rather more of the general success and produce of the evening than Anne could relate , and who now asked in vain for several particulars of the company .
Bake and Shirl Winter , on separate telephones , could not reach him at any conceivable location in Los Angeles , nor could they secure any clear-cut information regarding his efforts .
I could n't really tell you much on the phone , and anyway we can talk now .
Second , if the key assumption is valid , Democrats should have lower attendance rates on roll-call votes than Republicans do to the extent that such votes reflect national policy making and that participating in such votes takes away from the time a legislator could otherwise devote to local benefit-seeking .
He enquired after you very particularly ; asked even if you were personally altered , little suspecting that to my eye you could never alter ."
James could take the note .
They called him King - Post on board of the Pequod ; because , in form , he could be well likened to the short , square timber known by that name in Arctic whalers ; and which by the means of many radiating side timbers inserted into it , serves to brace the ship against the icy concussions of those battering seas .
All that Mrs . Ferrars could say to make him put an end to the engagement , assisted too as you may well suppose by my arguments , and Fanny ' s entreaties , was of no avail .
Looking around her , she could perceive little difference in the appearance of the gardens since her last visit . 
By then Hez could see for himself , and so could the others .
`` The majority of children in the United States could benefit by some form of orthodontic treatment '' , says Dr. Allan G. Brodie , professor and head of the department of orthodontics at the University of Illinois and a nationally recognized authority in his field .
He could see sorrow in the dark eyes which glowed as if there were candles burning behind them . 
" They lived formerly upon Counsellor O ' Donnel ' s estate ; but they were ruined , please your honour , by taking a joint lease with a man , who fell afterwards into bad company , ran out all he had , so could not pay the landlord ; and these poor people were forced to pay his share and their own too , which almost ruined them .
One could also add to these analogies that steel loses its magnetism by heat , which proves that steel becomes a better conductor through a rise in temperature , just as electrical bodies do .
He knew of no one but Mrs . Goddard to whom he could apply for information of her relations or friends .
The weather added what it could of gloom .
She had only navy lists and newspapers for her authority , but she could not doubt his being rich ; and , in favour of his constancy , she had no reason to believe him married .
Until now virtually any fighter could be modified to drop bombs , but the YF-22 may never do so .
She knew that at times she must be missed ; and could not think , without pain , of Emma ' s losing a single pleasure , or suffering an hour ' s ennui , from the want of her companionableness : but dear Emma was of no feeble character ; she was more equal to her situation than most girls would have been , and had sense , and energy , and spirits that might be hoped would bear her well and happily through its little difficulties and privations .
' Indeed , madam ,' said Louisa , ' I could have been almost certain that it was Cecilia ' s ; but Leonora gave it me , and she said that she bought it of the peddler this morning .
even like shouting and crying out from the hilltops from which he could descend as an eagle in a mad caper from the cliffs .
I respect Assyria , China , Teutonia , and the Hebrews , I adopt each theory , myth , god , and demigod , I see that the old accounts , bibles , genealogies , are true , without exception , I assert that all past days were what they must have been , And that they could no - how have been better than they were , And that to - day is what it must be , and that America is , And that to - day and America could no - how be better than they are .
Seated between Gerald Tiverton and young Mr Finchingfield, Theda parried as best she could the barrage of effusive compliments with light banter . 
But in merely looking at it one could not dismiss that impression of childishness which is the most charming side of Germany -- those little pantomime , paternal monarchies in which a king seems as domestic as a cook .
He might even have Harriet in his thoughts at the moment ; who could say ?
I wish you could have heard how she talked of it -- with what candour and generosity .
With such a force of manned bombers we could bring enormous pressure to bear on an enemy , and this pressure would be selective and extremely discriminating .
She could thoroughly comprehend the sort of fascination he must possess over Lady Russell ' s mind , the difficulty it must be for her to withdraw her eyes , the astonishment she must be feeling that eight or nine years should have passed over him , and in foreign climes and in active service too , without robbing him of one personal grace !
if I were to suspect death I should die now , Do you think I could walk pleasantly and well - suited toward annihilation ?
There was not a word in Comrade Gregory ' s address to which a curate could not have listened with pleasure ( hear , hear ).
It was all Julie could do to concentrate on driving , as she listened incredulously to the chain of events her sister recounted . 
Thus , an intervention to improve the health of underweight women to that of their normal weight peers could be performed using either YHL or YOL as the outcome variable .
When the laibon Parit died in mysterious circumstances in 1928 , the Provincial Commissioner cabled Dar es Salaam that disturbances could be expected ` but Murrells will keep situation under control " .
I remember that on the day on which the news of the Hiroshima bomb was published he was jumping up and down saying ` How could anyone work on a day like this ? "
Donal O'Sullivan , infectious disease control expert , said Guy 's could not have shut wards sooner as the source had not been traced . 
She could n't see the number from where she was , so she stole through the undergrowth and came up to it from behind . 
Manners were all that could be safely judged of , under a much longer knowledge than they had yet had of Mr . Churchill .
What Edward felt , as he could not say it himself , it cannot be expected that any one else should say for him .
She could hear them yawning and coughing as they moved around . 
I am an officer ; but , how I wish I could fish a bit of old - fashioned beef in the forecastle , as I used to when I was before the mast .
It could point to plenty of ailments that the Spanish economic rejuvenation so far has failed to cure .
An unlimited use of economic pressures for diametrically opposite causes could devastate the pre-conditions of any fellow humanity as surely as this would be destroyed by the use of more obviously brutal means .
But he knew he 'd yearn for England sooner or later , and a yearning man could be cruel . 
They had been with Payne when he was shot , could not therefore have shot him from above .
She wondered that Lucy ' s spirits could be so very much elevated by the civility of Mrs . Ferrars ;-- that her interest and her vanity should so very much blind her as to make the attention which seemed only paid her because she was NOT ELINOR , appear a compliment to herself -- or to allow her to derive encouragement from a preference only given her , because her real situation was unknown .
Emma could not deplore her future absence as any deduction from her own enjoyment .
I think it seemed as if he could move his nose like a finger .
The name encouraged him , because he always felt that he could handle the Irish .
9 : 11 And the magicians could not stand before Moses because of the boils ; for the boil was upon the magicians , and upon all the Egyptians .
It revealed a sorry state of affairs in schools which could be attributed to the cuts in educational spending -- something that proved embarrassing to the government of the day . 
We wandered back home and when we entered the yard we were called in to go to bed early so we could get up to help in the morning . 
I was at once disappointed , although just what I had expected him to look like I could not have explained .
But all we said , not a word could we drag out of him ; I almost felt like pushing him over , so as to change his position , for it was almost intolerable , it seemed so painfully and unnaturally constrained ; especially , as in all probability he had been sitting so for upwards of eight or ten hours , going too without his regular meals .
Normally , Mickeen would detain you as long as he could , jabbering away about this , that and the other . 
It went to his head and the superintendents were terrors and they could get rid of a man -- give him the sack like slap on their wrist .
In late 1986 , he made an offer he thought the U.S. could n't refuse .
Young and gentle as she was , it might yet have been possible to withstand her father ' s ill - will , though unsoftened by one kind word or look on the part of her sister ; but Lady Russell , whom she had always loved and relied on , could not , with such steadiness of opinion , and such tenderness of manner , be continually advising her in vain .
I was disappointed to find that accommodation was scarcer and more expensive than I thought it would be and the best that I could afford was a large first-floor room in a bedsitter house on Ladbroke Grove . 
The hall light was still on and he put his ear to the letter box ; he could hear her voice on the telephone but could not distinguish her words . 
Mrs Plumptry 's words came into her head , and she could hear the old lady 's delighted cackle . 
`` It was just before the Christmas holidays , and I figured we could use some extra cash . ''
The corners of Loveit ' s mouth could not refuse to smile , though in his heart he felt not the slightest inclination to laugh .
It could not be otherwise .
` What makes you think that could be the case ? " he rasped irritably . 
No fold could be accidental , each turn of the drapery had to serve organically , to cover the Madonna's slender legs and feet so that they would give substantive support to Christ's body , to intensify her inner turmoil .
The Duke , however stimulated , had the instincts of an aristocrat , and desired rather to stare at the house than to spy on it ; but Flambeau , who had the instincts of a burglar ( and a detective ), had already swung himself from the wall into the fork of a straggling tree from which he could crawl quite close to the only illuminated window in the back of the high dark house .
Or the victim could chew hard on a piece of paper , meanwhile pressing his fingers tight in his ears .
Mr. Dell said he does n't expect a loss in either the third or fourth quarter , but said third-quarter earnings could be as low as four cents a share .
Wife , Children , Seruants , all that could be found
From this side he could see farther into the legation's third-story window , but he saw no faces ; ;
It was n't as if he could see her in the flimsy satin nightdress , was it ? 
And he got so he could gradually do without it and he never stuttered again . 
When she said that she didn't have the money , he said that she could come in for treatment with his office model until she was ready to buy one .
Derby winner Dr Devious also raced freely before weakening into 10th and jockey Chris McCarron , who replaced regular rider John Reid , reported afterwards : ` I could n't control him at all . " 
Communicative acts are multiplied endlessly but could become fleeting and ephemeral . 
She looked hard at Flavia who as so often could not tell whether Andrée was serious or contemptuous or amused . 
But … but I could n't think of anything else to say . 
I sat where I could watch the exit and realized I was hungry .
Clearly , when real output per capita rises , it must be theoretically possible for the gainers to compensate any losers , but this could only be interpreted as an actual improvement if full compensation were actually paid . 
He found that he could pay a compliment to Charles Raven , from whom he was so sadly sundered in spirit , for his book on Religion and Science . 
To Isabella , the relief of such tidings was very great , and they were scarcely less acceptable to Emma on her father ' s account , who was immediately set as much at ease on the subject as his nervous constitution allowed ; but the alarm that had been raised could not be appeased so as to admit of any comfort for him while he continued at Randalls .
But these were superb fighting men , forged by the iron wills and driving energy of their leaders until they could master any terrain or circumstance .
Jake 's blue eyes flayed her and she could sense the pain that shimmered in his voice . 
They hid the grave so that we could n't give the bodies a proper burial .
THIS morning I had fully intended to call on you , if I could possibly find a spare half hour , but one has always so much to do on first coming to town .
“ Miers could not take the German prisoners on board his sub , and if he had left them to paddle ashore they would immediately have gone back into the German forces …
I like to think I am broad-minded , but the language my father used was beyond the pale , and all because he could n't have a shave ! 
Emma , in the meanwhile , could not be satisfied without a dinner at Hartfield for the Eltons .
In a few minutes they could distinguish him to be a gentleman ; and in a moment afterwards Marianne rapturously exclaimed ,
I could not go back to the old bad life , and I had never learned an honest way to earn my bread .
These goods friends seemed to make Francisco happier than Piedro could be made by his stolen diamonds .
Under the type of transaction being discussed , the pilot-management group would borrow several billion dollars from banks that could then be used to finance a cash payment to current holders .
However , there is always the remote possibility that you might run down and injure someone in the water , which could cost you as much as £100,000 ! 
Ian , I wish we could go on talking endlessly about this because I find the subject quite fascinating and we have n't really talked about the details of your research . 
If she is ill I should be sorry to do her injustice ; but there are some traits in her character which make it difficult for me to speak of her with the forbearance I could wish .
This was a sinister development ; the horse straightened his head so that he could see better , and cocked an ear at the man . 
By birth she belonged to Highbury : and when at three years old , on losing her mother , she became the property , the charge , the consolation , the fondling of her grandmother and aunt , there had seemed every probability of her being permanently fixed there ; of her being taught only what very limited means could command , and growing up with no advantages of connexion or improvement , to be engrafted on what nature had given her in a pleasing person , good understanding , and warm - hearted , well - meaning relations .
It must be done directly ; it must be done in London ; the order must go through the hands of some intelligent person whose taste could be depended on ; and Isabella , the usual doer of all commissions , must not be applied to , because it was December , and Mr . Woodhouse could not bear the idea of her stirring out of her house in the fogs of December .
I could have slapped the boy .
` I do n't need your permission ! " squeaked Pinder , then decided that belligerence was something he could n't sustain . 
From the perspective of East Germany 's old guard , reforms that smack of capitalism and Western-style democracy could eliminate their country 's reason for being .
How long could he and his Sergeant stamp about in the cold feeling sorry for themselves , Charles wondered . 
These agents were given the old familiar name for obscure virulent materials , virus , and presented considerable difficulties because they could be detected only by infecting susceptible species and observing whether disease resulted . 
I NEVER really believed it could be a pleasurable experience driving a diesel car . 
He could not hear me above the din of the crowd . 
For instance , if you were INSIDE , you might knock , and I could let you out , you know .'
But neither was the statement empirical , for goodness was not a quality like red or squeaky that could be seen or heard .
If only she could fit the jigsaw together and get a clear picture of this man who so intrigued her . 
He had given it , he could assure her , very long and calm consideration ; he had been walking away from William Larkins the whole morning , to have his thoughts to himself .
She could see only through a watery mist and realized after a moment 's panic that she still had her reading glasses on . 
They could hear her mare thudding through the thick forest ahead of them , and the swish and crackling of the bushes and dead stuff underfoot . 
Out in the open the bird can fly enormous distances , so even if you spotted one , the chances are it would have flown miles away before you could get your camera ready to shoot . 
Her hat had come off and fallen behind her shoulders , held by the string , and he could see her face more clearly than he had at any time before .
Sherry remained in his hotel suite , where he amused himself as best he could .
" Yes -- could that be wrong after all that had passed ?-- But I cannot talk ."
Valerie was captivated by him and there seemed nothing her mother could do about it . 
I have suggested that we could leave the story open-ended , but he clearly thinks I do n't understand the nature of movies very well .
One baleful glance from its enormous eyes could kill , as would its touch , while its breath would kill even birds which flew far overhead . 
The most annoying fact was that it could and should have been a masterpiece . 
The beehive voices , for no one could bear silence , drowned out the sound of Mrs. Lincoln's weeping .
She could sympathize with his chagrin but it was hardly enough to keep him awake at night . 
The English never again developed a strong native music that could obliterate the traces of an earlier great age the way , say , the opera in Italy blotted out the Italian madrigal .
She had never found it so difficult to listen to him , though nothing could exceed his solicitude and care , and though his subjects were principally such as were wont to be always interesting : praise , warm , just , and discriminating , of Lady Russell , and insinuations highly rational against Mrs Clay .
You could shave the whole damn British army in that bloody great cauldron of water . " 
So we drove up to Washington , and he went to the Pentagon and tried really hard for them to take him back and they said that what he was doing with the post office was in the best interest of the government and the country and he could serve much better by getting the mail to the soldiers .
" Certainly I could have none .
Hal , however , was not precisely of his uncle ' s opinion : for when he returned in the evening , and saw Ben playing with his little cousin , he could not help smiling contemptuously , and asked if he had been playing at cat ' s cradle all night .
She felt she could still continue to improve , so she decided to have further specialist physiotherapy treatment privately , under her medical insurance scheme . 
His stomach was churning but he knew he could elude her if only he could remain calm and call her bluff . 
He believed that the sexuality of man , unlike any other animal , developed in two waves and this could explain man 's susceptibility to neuroses . 
If all went well he could be back happily planting seeds in the vegetable patch with his mother , instead of alone in the corridors .
As an added suggestion to balance the budget , the Government could sell advertising space on the Washington Monument .
Harriet turned away ; but Emma could receive him with the usual smile , and her quick eye soon discerned in his the consciousness of having made a push -- of having thrown a die ; and she imagined he was come to see how it might turn up .
As an alternative , he said , taxpayers could chose to reduce their gains by an inflation index .
In my person they would always remember that last long time of me alone with her , so if they told themselves that I could have prevented it , I can understand that by now and love them still , because everyone must justify , have a scapegoat for what is not to be borne .
And Bill Konopnicki , a Safford , Ariz. , licensee of McDonald 's Corp. who is chairman of the company 's National Operators Advisory Board , says some fast-food outlets `` could be in serious trouble , based on the amount of discounting that seems to be going on . ''
` It could be that it 's just something that Bob is allergic to , but it had better be investigated and some sample testing done in case we need to get on to the manufacturers . 
They ate and drank , sitting tucked into long grass that screened them from the river ; they could hear the flow of it , and the occasional plop of a fish .
There was a peculiar density about it , a thick substance that could be sensed but never identified , never actually perceived .
when she got to the door , she found she had forgotten the little golden key , and when she went back to the table for it , she found she could not possibly reach it : she could see it quite plainly through the glass , and she tried her best to climb up one of the legs of the table , but it was too slippery ; and when she had tired herself out with trying , the poor little thing sat down and cried .
For Panama 's General Noriega , the week could have ended with far more than hurt feelings , after junior officers mounted a coup against him .
On duty she strode about looking as if she could not wait to get off duty and chuck a discus . 
I really never could think well of any body who proposed such a thing to any body else ."
Could life originate in environments where there is no oxygen ?
From every side across the grey - green common figures could be seen running and closing in ; and it was only when MacIan with his big body broke down the tangled barrier of a little wood , as men break down a door with the shoulder ; it was only when they vanished crashing into the underworld of the black wood , that their hunters were even instantaneously thrown off the scent .
She was vexed to observe that her absence was not regretted , and she was mortified to perceive that she could not humble them by any display of airs and finery .
The House of Lords found that there were circumstances in which liability could be incurred for negligent misrepresentation by one person to another in the absence of any contractual or fiduciary relationship between them . 
He pursued his scheme of imposing , as far as he could , upon every person he dealt with ; and the consequence was , that at last nobody would deal with him .
Mr Elliot was there ; she avoided , but she could pity him .
Why they should not openly acknowledge to her mother and herself , what their constant behaviour to each other declared to have taken place , Elinor could not imagine .
Then came one case where the girl was found dead ; but deliberation could not quite be proved , and , what was more practical still , the criminal could not be found .
She was overdue for some leave , and she could go to France and make some enquiries . 
The simultaneous emergence of popular nationalist sentiment meant that concessions extracted from one Chinese government could be flouted by the people and revoked by another regime . 
He could connect it with no idea except one that half escaped him -- what Evan had said of the difference between Christ and Satan ; that it was by Christ ' s own choice that He descended into hell .
Surely not many working men are anarchists , and surely if they were , mere mobs could not beat modern armies and police ."
But agreement aparently could n't be reached because of opposition from the states of Hamburg and Bremen , which are demanding more influence over the German Airbus operations and a better guarantee against job losses in the troubled Northern German region .
I finished my drink , quickly said goodbye to the other actors and got out as fast as I could , not wanting to register their smirks and curiosity . 
41 : 28 For I beheld , and there was no man ; even among them , and there was no counsellor , that , when I asked of them , could answer a word .
But now , an official says , he is `` surrounded by right-to-lifers , '' who contend that any breakthroughs in fetal-tissue research could increase the demand for abortions .
But as she was so far to windward , and shooting by , apparently making a passage to some other ground , the Pequod could not hope to reach her .
But what the elements could not do was seriously threatened when Brigadier General William E. ( Grumble ) Jones reached Philippi while on the famous Jones-Imboden raid in May , 1863 .
But when they looked about for the real little Nightingale , they could not find her anywhere !
My husband was a native New Yorker , and I could never get him to leave the Big Apple even for a holiday .
But AEs who could hard sell were still valued the most in the firm .
` People may argue it is wrong to have a go at fans and there could be a backlash . 
For Gorbachev , opening the meeting , there could be no retreat from Leninist principles , or from the ` internationalist inheritance " of the revolution . 
How then could I unite with this wild idolator in worshipping his piece of wood ?
Paul and Anne were speedily summoned , and brought back by their friend the basket - woman ; and Anne , the moment she saw the gentleman , knew that he was the very person who smiled upon her , who admired her brother ' s scotcher , and who threw a handful of halfpence into the hat ; but she could not be certain , she said , that she received the guinea from him ; she only thought it most likely that she did .
No ; whatever it might once have been , she could not believe it such at present .
Now , it frightens me what could lie in store for this Rangers team . " 
She could n't concentrate , excitement filled her mingled with a feeling of regret , regret that her love pact with Will would have to be postponed . 
She felt that she was longing more than ever for it to end so that she and John could spend all their time together . 
But when they descended by special lift from the fifth , nomenklatura floor , they found they could traverse only one passage . 
` Lively discussions took place into how teleworking could be more actively carried on in the Durham dales of Derwentside , Weardale and Teesdale . " 
A woman like Sweetheart could have any man she chose , so long as she was willing to leave her son behind . 
Before Lachlan could free it Hector had tripped him and soused him , for the cold water to bring him to his senses . 
His own stomach could bear nothing rich , and he could never believe other people to be different from himself .
The vilest sin , or the worst offender , the worst person could be saved . 
I shrank back out of its way , and could not help thinking of the words in the temple .
He could not believe that anyone could be so malicious as to injure him on purpose --" And even if they did all this on purpose to vex me ," said he to himself , " the best thing I can do , is , not to let it vex me .
Then and there they would have plunged their knives into me could they have seen how to escape the consequences of the deed .
Unconditional surrender was more than his fragile ego could bear .
He proved to me that he could afford it ; and that being the case , I was convinced he could not do better .
They tell me that not long ago he could still be seen about the neighbourhood occasionally , a man in a black cloak , nearly blind , with very wild , white hair , but a face of astonishing softness ."
The fact that DEC plucked him out of its largest and most profitable systems businesses and split that down the middle so he could run the NT operation is proof that DEC expects significant results out of NT . 
And if he was n't tempted now , how could he possibly act out his role on stage night after night without being affected ? 
but no amount of head-tossing could make it so .
As far as I was concerned , she had already and had dandily shown what she could do .
Some made hazardous , roundabout trips to join the Pretender via the Orkney Islands and Norway , but the government 's vengeance on those who could not get away was relatively restrained . 
I could n't really fault the Stylus 800 . 
Her skin was very brown , but , from its transparency , her complexion was uncommonly brilliant ; her features were all good ; her smile was sweet and attractive ; and in her eyes , which were very dark , there was a life , a spirit , an eagerness , which could hardily be seen without delight .
Marianne had retreated as much as possible out of sight , to conceal her distress ; and Margaret , understanding some part , but not the whole of the case , thought it incumbent on her to be dignified , and therefore took a seat as far from him as she could , and maintained a strict silence .
I will be very happy if you could write me back , so that we can get to know each other better and share our feelings and see what happens in future , and also to view our photos as well , i will be waiting to hear from you .
I spent a perplexing evening in a Georgia bar some years ago endeavouring to persuade a local that I could NOT have driven from London . 
He could do nothing till he were assured of his fate with Miss Dashwood ; and by his rapidity in seeking THAT fate , it is to be supposed , in spite of the jealousy with which he had once thought of Colonel Brandon , in spite of the modesty with which he rated his own deserts , and the politeness with which he talked of his doubts , he did not , upon the whole , expect a very cruel reception .
He could move very quickly , she knew ( although he seldom found occasion to do so ) , but he was more wiry than truly strong .
However , as he posted his letter on Monday , he has been caught in the suspension trap , and it could be at least a month , before there is any prospect of seeing his money . 
The way she stoops over Jamie 's body , I could believe he is her patient . 
The riot once begun , nothing could stop the little mob , till the whole theatre was demolished .
But even if magnetic fields could confine the wind , the hot gas pressure would be expected to build until it was episodically released as in a pressure cooker . 
Now you know it ' s impossible that Mr . and Mrs . Montague could have in nature the slightest objection to introducing you to my Lady Battersby at my own house ; for , don ' t you know , that , besides her ladyship ' s many unquestionable qualities , which one need not talk of , she is cousin , but once removed , to the Trotters of Lancashire -- your mother ' s great favourites ?
The word gigantic may seem surprising for a cell , especially when you remember that 10 million bacterial cells could sit on the surface of a pin 's head . 
He is also worried Serb guerrillas could start taking hostages in retaliation . 
He would mention no names now ; but such , he could assure her , had been the fact .
But unfortunately in bestowing these embraces , a pin in her ladyship ' s head dress slightly scratching the child ' s neck , produced from this pattern of gentleness such violent screams , as could hardly be outdone by any creature professedly noisy .
Well , I did n't know the special number for making the lifts work , so I could n't escape by the lifts . 
I decided that anything which said that you could have as much mayonnaise , avocados and nuts as you like and still do yourself good must be worth trying ! 
The murdering sun had dipped below the horizon , and this was the time when she could forage for food . 
When the doctor first saw her she could hardly have been dead for twenty minutes .
Whenever they met one another , all they could talk about was the smartness and the greatness of Buster Bear .
7 : 12 Therefore the children of Israel could not stand before their enemies , but turned their backs before their enemies , because they were accursed : neither will I be with you any more , except ye destroy the accursed from among you .
Just as Lydia had gradually grown fond of Betty as she recognised her good qualities , so Betty realising how reprehensible Lydia could be liked her less . 
The part of the mind that preserves dates and events may remonstrate , `` It could have been like that for only a little while '' ; ;
I could have taken him to task about how he was defining ` agree " and ` honest " , but just somehow did n't .
SWINGING in the hammock on the geranium-scented patio , Lili could hear the nurse arguing at the front door .
Would that I could clear out Hampton Court and the Tuileries for ye !
17 : 19 Then came the disciples to Jesus apart , and said , Why could not we cast him out ?
Commodore said that its announcement is based on preliminary information and that the situation could look different by the time final results are announced early next month .
From the shape of the body , its long tail and thin arm with prehensile fingers it would appear to be a monkey , with what could be a crested helmet on its head . 
Elinor , while she waited in silence and immovable gravity , the conclusion of such folly , could not restrain her eyes from being fixed on him with a look that spoke all the contempt it excited .
The brow of the hill , where they remained , was a cheerful spot : Louisa returned ; and Mary , finding a comfortable seat for herself on the step of a stile , was very well satisfied so long as the others all stood about her ; but when Louisa drew Captain Wentworth away , to try for a gleaning of nuts in an adjoining hedge - row , and they were gone by degrees quite out of sight and sound , Mary was happy no longer ; she quarrelled with her own seat , was sure Louisa had got a much better somewhere , and nothing could prevent her from going to look for a better also .
The dormitories , including the beloved Dartmouth Hall , could barely house two hundred students in Spartan fashion .
Urine advertised as free of detectable drugs is on offer by mail-order to anxious test takers , who could try to substitute it for their own .
5 : 13 When Ephraim saw his sickness , and Judah saw his wound , then went Ephraim to the Assyrian , and sent to king Jareb : yet could he not heal you , nor cure you of your wound .
She could n't understand this eagerness to forgive him , but it was definitely there . 
Marianne could never love by halves ; and her whole heart became , in time , as much devoted to her husband , as it had once been to Willoughby .
The boy naturalist Charles Darwin could have shown him a thing or two about that , but Hume had been dead 40 years when Darwin enrolled in Hume 's university of Edinburgh .
We searched the edge of the lake , but we could not find him . 
Elizabethan England could be portrayed as a period before emigration to the American colonies began , before the ruptures between a British and American way of life existed . 
Only , unfortunately , he could not remove from his voice a nagging insinuation of the direct command .
It could be protracted no longer .
Unfortunately , the Supreme Court had never ruled that the First Amendment could be used in this way .
He had been playing alone on the towpath , if anything as purposeless as hurling old beer cans into the canal could be described as playing , and she had paused to say good morning to him . 
How could he have found out ?
Despite Charles 's own affairs , he could not tolerate his wife seeing other men . 
It was that mysterious moment when light is coming as if it were something unknown whose nature one could not guess -- a mere alteration in everything .
He was prouder of his Collection than of his coat - of - arms -- nobody could say more than that .
I only wish Daddy could have seen me in the black lace dress . 
There was certainly no harm in his travelling sixteen miles twice over on such an errand ; but there was an air of foppery and nonsense in it which she could not approve .
By peering hard in the same direction , I could just make out the faint flicker of a distant plane .
and this dear parlour in which our acquaintance first began , and in which so many happy hours have been since spent by us together , you would degrade to the condition of a common entrance , and every body would be eager to pass through the room which has hitherto contained within itself more real accommodation and comfort than any other apartment of the handsomest dimensions in the world could possibly afford ."
She could hear the clatter of iron shutters being cranked up over at the amusement arcades . 
He was so complete an aristocrat that he could offer his back to them all the way up that avenue ; and his back never once looked uncomfortable .
Manager Alan Lockwood was forced to bring in a number of young faces and he could only look on agonisingly as they struggled against more experienced golfers in gusting winds .
I shall say directly , ' I wonder how you could think of such a thing ?
You tell me how any of us could have chucked him over the balustrade even if the whole lot of us got together to do it . 
You could even enjoy your wine-tasting as a pre-dinner drink , as you wo n't need your car for this short journey . 
Mona and Charity exchanged expressions of incomprehension but pounced on the only word they could understand . 
Anyway , once she reached a hotel she could simply ring the police from there . 
This was so very well understood between them , that Emma could not but feel some surprise , and a little displeasure , on hearing from Mr . Weston that he had been proposing to Mrs . Elton , as her brother and sister had failed her , that the two parties should unite , and go together ; and that as Mrs . Elton had very readily acceded to it , so it was to be , if she had no objection .
This was handsome , and gave her more pleasure than almost anything else could have done .
So in the near future , these Herefordshire born escargot anglaise could be shipped across the Channel to become escargot francais . 
Difficulties facing bishops could escalate when central and local politics overlapped . 
` I could demonstrate , right now , " he grated . 
The brokers ' hope has been that they could soon coax investors into shifting some of their hoard into the stock market .
At first Delia Sutherland could not place this slim woman with thick red hair lapping her head in curls . 
I could change my shoes , you know , the moment I got home ; and it is not the sort of thing that gives me cold ."
People like Thatcher and the Royals could solve the Ethiopian problem within ten seconds but Band Aid shied away from saying that .
Lord Denning said that it could be implied that the Minister had been given this power to enable him to revoke licences obtained illegally . 
For before any sound could issue from Bella 's mouth , her face seemed to slip sideways and ripple like a melting wax mask . 
`` At least you could leave it for the movers '' , Miss Ada said .
He could at least spend the money on it that he would have used in buying a ticket to see Dinah , in powdered wig and paduasoy , as Lady Teazle , once again . 
But , before delegation of cases to local judges could take place on a wide scale , there needed to be a manual of existing canon law as recognized in the West . 
He meant it as a reward , as the highest honour he could offer , in acknowledgement of Arthur ' s loyalty and rectitude and the distinctions he had already gained in mathematics and economics at Cambridge .
The jokes could be played out in a fully contemporary setting and could often concern the adventures of very ordinary downtrodden men . 
He expected Charity to scoff at such weakness , but surprisingly , she seemed only to be concerned with how that could be arranged . 
Joe did n't see a great deal of his dad during the year , with his trips abroad and everything , so they used to reserve at least one day when they could do things together . " 
Could he have thought himself encouraged , his looks and language at parting would have been different .-- Still , however , I must be on my guard .
She could think of nothing better : and though there was something in it which her own heart could not approve -- something of ingratitude , merely glossed over -- it must be done , or what would become of Harriet ?
I think it admirable ; and , as far as I can answer for myself , shall be most happy -- It seems the only improvement that could be .
Such problems are of extreme interest as well as importance and are so much like fighting in a rain forest or guerrilla warfare at night in tall grass that we might have to re-examine primitive conflicts for what they could teach .
Mr. Goldberg says the cost of the earthquake will definitely top $ 1 billion and could reach $ 4 billion .
Honest I could feel the hair stand up on the back of my neck like a dog's that is going to get into a fight .
And oh , I wish you could see her after the birds !
At first his tired dulled brain could not comprehend what had happened . 
It had a large earthenware sink and an electric stove where one could heat water in a huge blackened kettle . 
She , who had seen her week after week so constantly suffering , oppressed by anguish of heart which she had neither courage to speak of , nor fortitude to conceal , now saw with a joy , which no other could equally share , an apparent composure of mind , which , in being the result as she trusted of serious reflection , must eventually lead her to contentment and cheerfulness .
Many of our basic likes and dislikes probably have some explanation in the long chain of experience , if only we could piece the jigsaw together .
Elinor , too , was deeply afflicted ; but still she could struggle , she could exert herself .
The two are clearly allied , however , since we can perceive directly through the mental faculty of sight -- subtle sight , one could say -- as well as via input through the physical eyes . 
She fancied she could hear the rustle of taffeta and a man 's step : liebchen . 
and General the Count Pallavicini , founder of the Austrian branch of that celebrated Italian house , a courtier Littlepage could have met at Madrid in December , 1780 .
He would then begin again at the next fifty ; seeming to commence at number one each time , as though he could not count more than fifty , and it was only by such a large number of fifties being found together , that his astonishment at the multitude of pages was excited .
The rest of the group made increased haste towards the lodge - gates , where an inspector and two constables could already be seen in consultation with the lodge - keeper .
There could be no harm in a scheme , a mere passive scheme .
She also taught them to sing `` I wish I could shimmy like my sister Kate '' .
" I am very sorry to hear that ," said the lady ; " I wish we could find somebody who would do them , if he can ' t .
The place was not only pleasant , but perfect , if once he could regard it not as a deception but rather as a dream .
Jem , as he was sweeping away the litter , when he heard these last words , said to himself , " Perhaps I could make a mat ."
One of the men actually offered to lend Corkscrew three guineas towards the payment of his debt , and hinted that , if he thought proper , he could easily get the whole cleared off .
Mr . Weston was following ; but Mrs . Elton detained him , to gratify him by her opinion of his son ; and so briskly did she begin , that the young man himself , though by no means moving slowly , could hardly be out of hearing .
As man can live only by dying , so it was only by his dying that Christ could bring many to life .
The only treatment by which nonspecific staining could be satisfactorily removed was by passing the conjugate through a DEAE-cellulose column .
Mrs Smith had been able to tell her what no one else could have done .
and , furthermore , I could not presume the implication that I spoke for American artists as a group .
He wrote that the crown prince , the effective ruler of Saudi Arabia , could have met secretly with Israeli officials , as Clinton asked , and struck deals with them behind closed doors , subsequently to denounce Israel in the strongest terms , as many Arab leaders did .
Jessamy had been as overwhelmed as he had been , dazzled by the physical passion , and amazed that her own easygoing , relaxed attitude to life could be turned upside down by this one man . 
If the birds are disturbed during the process , there could be large numbers of stupefied birds fluttering amongst the traffic as the morning progresses with public complaints resulting , " the report stated . 
When the doctor would n't make the night call , saying it could wait till morning , my father said he would shoot him if my mother died . 
Without developing the criteria that the system should meet and then effectively assessing the risks , agencies could adopt signature systems that will not provide the necessary data integrity .
Who could blame her for that ? ?
Equally adept as an experimenter , he built high-performance cloud chambers at Liverpool and Aberystwyth , and obtained some of the earliest photographs from which the mass of the meson could be deduced . 
What bits of Brumidi and Costaggini could be reached at either end seemed in good order , though the roughish sandy surface was thick with dust .
Surely it could not take this long to gather up a few baskets of food ? 
Could I walk home with you , that is if it 's not too early for you ? "
She did not repent what she had done ; she still thought herself a better judge of such a point of female right and refinement than he could be ; but yet she had a sort of habitual respect for his judgment in general , which made her dislike having it so loudly against her ; and to have him sitting just opposite to her in angry state , was very disagreeable .
` I could not fault my players for commitment . 
The courses for it s 23 students could have been ripped out of a Modern Language Association catalog , circa 1995 : There are classes on feminism , `` new spiritualities , `` environmentalism , postcolonialism , gender , race , media , dissidence , and , of course , pop culture .
He shouted something at Endill but he could n't hear because of the wind and did n't dare move or shout back , frightened he would upset the basket . 
Meanwhile Ahab half smothered in the foam of the whale ' s insolent tail , and too much of a cripple to swim ,-- though he could still keep afloat , even in the heart of such a whirlpool as that ; helpless Ahab ' s head was seen , like a tossed bubble which the least chance shock might burst .
They were short-handed , and anyway there was n't that much Jamieson could do to get into trouble .
Though nothing could be more polite than Lady Middleton ' s behaviour to Elinor and Marianne , she did not really like them at all .
Daniel Thwaites could find himself in HSE trouble for allowing unsafe practices in his competition -- the gentleman should have been told to wear a hairnet . 
He could even recall the last time he sat there .
As soon as he could , he began to talk to her of Lyme , wanting to compare opinions respecting the place , but especially wanting to speak of the circumstance of their happening to be guests in the same inn at the same time ; to give his own route , understand something of hers , and regret that he should have lost such an opportunity of paying his respects to her .
No sympathy or admiration for Brown could be found in the Providence Daily Post , for the editor claimed that there were a score of men in the state prison who were a thousand times more deserving of sympathy .
But , as he drew the car up outside her hotel and turned to look at her , Fabia knew that she could n't afford to be infuriated . 
Of course , Shlaes could honestly argue what she really believes : Making the rich pay higher tax rates than the poor is just not fair , dammit .
He might have been hoping , to all appearances , that this relatively sunny symphony , in conjunction with the Choral Fantasy at the end of the program , could amount to something like the Ninth ; ;
You could for a need study a speech of some dosen or sixteene lines , which I would set downe , and insert in ' t ?
Finding she could not bear to face the police who might still be in the environs of Canons ' Court , she decided on the traffic bridge . 
It was his brag that he could beat everybody at anything , but especially at fighting , and he once took on the manager of his club and worked him over thoroughly with his fists .
The barrel - organ seemed to give the marching tune with the energy and the mingled noises of a whole orchestra ; and he could hear deep and rolling , under all the trumpets of the pride of life , the drums of the pride of death .
He showed no desire to rediscover the metropolis ; and when not out visiting or walking did , as far as Ludens could see , nothing ; nothing , that is , except , presumably , think . 
Since that time the demands of the citizens for new and expanded services have placed financial burdens on the state which could not have been foreseen in earlier years .
He was sure that he could do better if he went to Atlanta to get the deal financed .
and uh pittosporum that used to be the kind of things we could plant all the time you you really take a chance with them freezing
A cheer rang out from the natives assembled above the melon beds ; it could be heard even over the boom of cannons and rattle of musketry . 
It was as though she still could n't believe her good fortune that she , out of all those top-notch journalists after an interview with him , had been the one he had agreed to see . 
" The old man was moving as quickly as he could ."
Dear me , how clever !-- Could it really be meant for me ?"
Susan curtsied , in great surprise ; but her lamb could not be forgotten , and she left the attorney ' s house as soon as she could , to make her mother ' s rosemary tea breakfast .
Sweetheart was alone when she came back into view , and Frankie could not recall when he had seen her look more beautiful .
Nothing but real indisposition could occasion this extraordinary delay .
He was overpowered by the wait staff before he could detonate what police later said was a large bomb hidden in the backpack he carried .
She felt a sharp pang at the thought that he could n't possibly desire her , and scolded herself for feeling like that . 
How could they not ? ?
But before she could react , Jake went on to assure her , ` What 's more , you 're wrong to believe I was prying . 
His attentive deference to her father , contrasted with his former language , was odious ; and when she thought of his cruel conduct towards Mrs Smith , she could hardly bear the sight of his present smiles and mildness , or the sound of his artificial good sentiments .
Mid-September could produce an amazing boost to your material assets , but tread carefully in June , July and October . 
One man , badly burned about the face and eyes by an arc welding torch , was blinded and could not find a doctor at the time .
And soon it could be in a class of its own .
`` I have here that you could run a nursery of your own for working mothers '' , Eugenia said .
To relieve the itch and sweat galls , the men got into the water whenever they could and since each sizable stream was generally the dividing line between the armies the pickets declared a private truce while the men went swimming .
One day she rang me to ask if I could come along on Saturday and help plant potatoes in the back yard ; ` Uncle John is far too busy at this time of the year " . 
He could not decide whether it boded good or ill . 
Could it have been to make up for Cymbeline 's cheating that the Umpire permitted me to find the sacristy so easily ? 
If she could not have been angry with Frank Churchill too , it would have been dreadful .-- As for Jane Fairfax , she might at least relieve her feelings from any present solicitude on her account .
I could still read the name of the English toffee manufacturer on the lid which she prised off with a knife . 
They afforded her no companion that could make amends for what she had left behind , nor that could teach her to think of Norland with less regret than ever .
In this hope he was mistaken ; for the first thing Mrs . Pomfret did in the morning was to come into the room to examine and deplore the burnt curtains , whilst Corkscrew stood by , endeavouring to exculpate himself by all the excuses he could invent .
`` I'd give anything if I could have found a girl like you '' .
The farm dance was the only way that young people could get together in those parts , and a great deal of matchmaking went on . 
She let out her pent-up breath in a loud gasp of relief ; then she bent over the handlebars and sent the bike whizzing as fast as she could pedal it across the remaining hundred yards or so of field . 
Either offside or obstruction , or both , could have been awarded against Wasps as they scrambled after the ball as the final line-out , which they lost , broke up . 
They could see girls with pony tails and college scarves walking in easy friendship with boys along the damp slippery footpaths up towards Earlsfort Terrace .
Make slight , smooth grooves rather than cuts for the texture ( cuts could cause air pockets under the glaze creating pinholes or craters in the glaze during firing ) .
There could be a population explosion of baby universes .
The shop had a little bar-type area at the back where people could sit .
Gratifying , however , and stimulative as was the letter in the material part , its sentiments , she yet found , when it was folded up and returned to Mrs . Weston , that it had not added any lasting warmth , that she could still do without the writer , and that he must learn to do without her .
But it could be much worse .
These difficulties , indeed , with a heart so alienated from Lucy , might not press very hard upon his patience ; but melancholy was the state of the person by whom the expectation of family opposition and unkindness , could be felt as a relief !
Her room was not far from Tom 's and on the same side of the house , but she could not remember hearing birds before .
I catapulted the tiny beasts across the creek and into the mud on the far side so that I could have funerals . 
With regard to herself , it was now a matter of unconcern whether she went to town or not , and when she saw her mother so thoroughly pleased with the plan , and her sister exhilarated by it in look , voice , and manner , restored to all her usual animation , and elevated to more than her usual gaiety , she could not be dissatisfied with the cause , and would hardly allow herself to distrust the consequence .
What has he been judging by ?-- I am not conscious of any difference in my spirits or conversation that could prepare him at this time for my marrying any more than at another .-- But it was so , I suppose .
Sergeant Davis gave the oldest Arab he could see two pounds of sugar and a big packet of tea . 
All through his life , though Ken could be austere and stubborn to a point which provoked exasperation , his evident holiness was so blended with cheerfulness that he seldom lost the admiration and affection of his contemporaries . 
From where we sat we could hear their occasional bursts of laughter and the dim drone of their voices , but the words themselves were lost to us . 
And most curious of all , how exactly could this dastardly crime have been carried off ?
So he spent his days in a sedan chair draped with blankets and lined with hares ' fur to ensure that no air could percolate . 
Mrs Major could be forgiven for seeing Maastricht mud deposited across the carpets .
It had been a frosty morning , to be sure , a sharp frost , which hardly one woman in a thousand could stand the test of .
I now took the measure of the bench , and found that it was a foot too short ; but that could be mended with a chair .
" If you would but let us know what your business is ," said Mrs . Jennings , " we might see whether it could be put off or not ."
Long walks by the sea were needed to shake it all down and shake off the pounds that could so easily accumulate . 
Kitti could have married a score of men .
It was eight o ' clock , growing darker and darker every minute , and no candles , no light could they have .
Or you could wish your daddy would really do it -- kill Gratt Shafer like he said when you all the time , all along , could feel the nerve draining out of him like air out of a punctured tire when you are on a muddy road alone and it is raining and at night .
With airline deals in a tailspin , legendary Wall Street trader Michael Steinhardt could have trouble parachuting out of USAir Group , traders say .
I told you then that I could not afford to buy such things for you ; but now that you can earn halfpence for yourselves , children , it is fair should taste a ripe plum and bit of gingerbread for once and a way in your lives ."
He had run even faster than Farmer Brown ' s boy , and had hidden in the most lonely place he could find in the very deepest part of the Green Forest .
Among the suggestions : Pantyhose and men 's ties could be used for slings , while removable wooden shelves might aid in `` breaking through office walls . ''
It was two more years before ration books could finally be burned or torn up by a thankful population -- meat , bacon and butter were the last things to be freed .
She was short and plump , had a very pretty face , and the finest expression of good humour in it that could possibly be .
In the meanwhile , she resolved against seeing Harriet .-- It would do neither of them good , it would do the subject no good , to be talking of it farther .-- She was resolved not to be convinced , as long as she could doubt , and yet had no authority for opposing Harriet ' s confidence .
It was beginning to make sense and now she could see the reason behind his original greeting in the foyer , the machine-gun fire of seemingly irrelevant questions , the offer of coffee .
Allosaurus was about 11 metres long and could walk at 5 mph ( 8 kph ) , double the speed of the giant herbivores , who could retreat into deep water . 
He was correct in so far as our forebears were piteously shattered but quite wrong in thinking that they could be subjugated . 
Emma encouraged her talkativeness -- amused by such a picture of another set of beings , and enjoying the youthful simplicity which could speak with so much exultation of Mrs . Martin ' s having " _two_ parlours , two very good parlours , indeed ; one of them quite as large as Mrs . Goddard ' s drawing - room ; and of her having an upper maid who had lived five - and - twenty years with her ; and of their having eight cows , two of them Alderneys , and one a little Welch cow , a very pretty little Welch cow indeed ; and of Mrs . Martin ' s saying as she was so fond of it , it should be called _her_ cow ; and of their having a very handsome summer - house in their garden , where some day next year they were all to drink tea :-- a very handsome summer - house , large enough to hold a dozen people ."
A real injury to the children -- a most mortifying change , and material loss to them all ;-- a very great deduction from her father ' s daily comfort -- and , as to herself , she could not at all endure the idea of Jane Fairfax at Donwell Abbey .
He could see them in chains , walking in bloodied battle armour through the ancient corridors . 
1 : 13 Nevertheless the men rowed hard to bring it to the land ; but they could not : for the sea wrought , and was tempestuous against them .
The young soldier felt reassured when he knew he could take his American Coonan 357 Magnum pistol . 
A northern ambassador , willing to keep his mouth shut and his ears open , could learn a lot that would stand him in good stead at the Curia .
Jeffrey Schaefer , the SIA 's research director , says that all of his group 's retail-volume statistics could be overstated by as much as five percentage points because corporate buy-backs are sometimes inadvertently included in Big Board data .
The derivative mortgage-backed market revived after a brief hiatus as two new Remics totaling $ 850 million were offered and talk circulated about two more issues that could be priced today .
" I wish ye could all sleep on ," said he ; " but I must waken ye , though you will be only in my way .
Louisa could not listen at all to his account of a conversation which he had just held with Dr Shirley : she was at a window , looking out for Captain Wentworth ; and even Henrietta had at best only a divided attention to give , and seemed to have forgotten all the former doubt and solicitude of the negotiation .
" I hope he will like these ; but if you could some day come as far as Resina ( it is a village but a few miles out of town , where we have our vineyard ), you could there choose for yourself , and pluck them fresh from the vines for your poor master ."
I won't try the experiment , but I think you can see that if we all knew the secret and we could all let ourselves go , there would be quite an explosion .
He could learn at second hand from books , but could not thus capture the real Jewish spirit .
Food treated in this manner and protected from recontamination by aseptic methods of packaging and containment presumably could be stored for long periods without refrigeration .
That Jaguar could really barrel along .
He visited the prison where Patrick Chamusso was tortured and incarcerated for 10 years , and he limited his diet so he could attain a weedy look .
She was sorry , but could not repent .
Their furs were too thick and they could feel very little of each other , but Tallis unfastened his cloak and quickly kissed the cold , taut skin of his throat . 
In fact , he could not stop reading it , and over the years , it became more and more interesting to him . 
Indeed , he needed the strongest sleep he could get ; for the earth was still full of darkness and a kind of morning fog when his fellow - fugitive shook him awake .
Occasionally , especially in the evenings , Creggan would see him stop and roar until he could roar no more ; and then he would continue pacing , on and on . 
These days I finish totally exhausted … sometimes because I 'm blind drunk — not really , I could n't play if I was . 
One of the leaders at the site , Dan Flynn , urged Down District Council to provide a permanent site which could be used by travellers visiting the area . 
" A bunch of grapes , and a few figs , are no mighty obligation ," said Francisco , smiling ; " I wish I could do more for you .
The similar distribution of the RFLP alleles in Japanese and whites could not explain the difference of the ratio of gastric to duodenal ulcers in these populations .
By the second half of 1990 , USAir stock could hit 60 , says Helane Becker of Shearson Lehman Hutton .
Lucien could feel a cloud of sleep stealing through his limbs . 
It was his last triumph over these lunatics to go down into their dark room and die for something that they could not even understand .
Now , however , his good - natured , honest , stupid soul , full of indignation against me , and concern for your sister , could not resist the temptation of telling me what he knew ought to -- though probably he did not think it WOULD -- vex me horridly .
Some doubts always lingered in her mind when they parted , which could only be removed by another half hour ' s discourse with himself .
Doctors in West Cumbria health district could recall only seven cases in 14 years .
44 : 22 So that the LORD could no longer bear , because of the evil of your doings , and because of the abominations which ye have committed ; therefore is your land a desolation , and an astonishment , and a curse , without an inhabitant , as at this day .
Since two of these could be trustees of the college , actually it would be necessary to have the consent of only one elected official to impose a levy of millions of dollars of tax revenue .
The trick was then to get the newly-formed zygote back into the mother so it could attach to the inside of the womb and develop normally . " 
But as he required the promise , I could not do less than give it ; at least I thought so at the time .
Paradoxically it has not developed a formalised set of principles or immutable knowledge which could , for example , be structured into an academic text-book about socio-technical systems . 
England used to be a country with red pillar boxes and policemen with red noses and decent law-abiding citizens you could eat your dinner off . 
He could see nothing in front but the twin sombre walls of pine and the wedge of starlit sky above them .
And Ben had been a shadowy figure representing that other world ; the world into which Johnny could not pass .
He leant across the table , and said in a voice that could not be neglected --
fetching it to me with full hands ; How could I answer the child ?
The reason for the value of this procedure was simply that the applicants were tested `` at work '' in different situations by the judgment of a number of experts who could see how the salesmen conducted themselves with different , but typical restaurant owners and managers .
For example , the group could offer $ 200 a share in cash plus stock valued at $ 30 a share .
Dexter saw that Blanche could not hide a faint sneer of distaste at how the TV reporter had behaved . 
And if it were found to be a sustainable monopoly , one could ask whether that situation would be better than the one that exists now .
With her son evidencing so strong a musical bent his mother could do little else but get him started on the study of music -- though she waited until he was ten -- beginning with the piano and following that with the trumpet .
He was in name and stock a Highlander of the Macdonalds ; but his family took , as was common in such cases , the name of a subordinate sept as a surname , and for all the purposes which could be answered in London , he called himself Evan MacIan .
He could have been killed , as you say , with lots of other things -- even with his own military sash ; but we have to explain not bow he was killed , but how he was shot .
Of course , I have the odd wrinkle , and my middle is not as flat as it could be , but so what ! 
In several respects , though , the fate of Black Fury had confirmed basic Warner Bros notions and they continued to pick up ideas for movies from the daily papers , they went on believing that social melodrama could be profitable , and they had been given further evidence that Muni could win acclaim by projecting himself as a hard-done-by but eventually triumphant saint . 
They went into the house ; it was rather a hovel than a house ; but , poor as it was , it was as neat as misery could make it .
Finding it true that he was not inside , the deputies returned to the first house and tore holes through the side and the roof until they could see a body on the bed covered by a blanket .
This planted the seed in his mind that perhaps the work of a record producer could be interesting . 
Everything now marked out Louisa for Captain Wentworth ; nothing could be plainer ; and where many divisions were necessary , or even where they were not , they walked side by side nearly as much as the other two .
Down the boulevard he could see a portion of the ghetto wall .
He might also be likened to Montgomery , in that he judged this ` definitive effort " could not take place until there was certainty of success ; until the attacking force had three-to-one superiority . 
James Dalroy smiled his unpleasing smile ; but before he could speak , the fallen figure made another movement of the arm , waving vaguely towards the place where the sword fell ; then came a moan , and then it managed to speak .
Could we convey the thanks of the members of this committee to the property services and the chief executive 's department , for their efforts in effecting sales and gaining large scale capital receipts for the county . 
Perhaps , once you have had a chance to mull this one over , could you please telephone me at the home number above ? 
I certainly could n't make the cylinder I required , but a walk through the Yellow Pages revealed several firms in Birmingham which specialised in copper smithing . 
He could only sit and brood , while his young heart swelled and a lump rose in his throat at the thought that he could do nothing .
Alice could see the fear in her eyes . 
He put his head as near the bars as he could so that they did not obstruct his view .
She could see nothing but evil in it .
) is for the most part a recondite affair , for manifestly , if everyone in the world who could afford the best wines also liked them , the supply would dry up in no time at all .
Though this sculpture must take place thirty-three years after her moment of decision , he could not conceive of her as a woman in her mid-fifties , old , wrinkled , broken in body and face by labor or worry .
The letters were squeezed together so you could hardly read them . 
The mild activity of his command during the sojourn of the troops at Valley Forge could be handled by a subordinate , he felt , so like Henry Knox , equally loyal to Washington , who went to Boston at this time , Morgan received permission to visit his home in Virginia for several weeks .
Perhaps the idea of sidewalk cafes could be extended .
" I had no more discoveries to make than you would have as to the fashion and strength of any old pelisse , which you had seen lent about among half your acquaintance ever since you could remember , and which at last , on some very wet day , is lent to yourself .
On the top of this wall stood Harry Dunstaple , shouting and waving his sabre as if conducting an orchestra , shouting for the men to hasten , for the Cutcherry must be blown up before the charging enemy could reach it and disturb the train .
There was nearly a chance when he got locked in a lift at the Horseguards Hotel the other day , but the prospect of being out of the front line for a few hours was more than he could bear . 
I could see some of the other sprinters jogging around -- Carl , Ben , Ray , Calvin -- and gave one or two a wave . 
The person I had seen could have not the slightest interest in a beat-up old poet like me .
He was not a tall man and was soon almost dwarfed by his five lively , wryly humorous sons , who avoided him as far as possible and could not leave home soon enough . 
It would be a very small comfort that he could not find the Professor out , if by some serious accident the Professor should find him out .
Professor Cestre , could it be ? ?
The truck routes , the industrial areas with walls grimed with diesel smoke passed briefly through his mind -- back alleys were their access to a city and they could never stay .
It was hollow too , and because of the hole in the top you could see right into it . 
-- was repeated by Marianne and her mother in an accent of the utmost amazement ;-- and though Elinor could not speak , even HER eyes were fixed on him with the same impatient wonder .
" From our windows we could see the two sides exchanging fire , and hear the noise of fighting .
It could become an acute problem in the coming fiscal year .
He too was much distressed ; and they sat down together in a most promising state of embarrassment .-- Whether he had asked her pardon for his intrusion on first coming into the room , he could not recollect ; but determining to be on the safe side , he made his apology in form as soon as he could say any thing , after taking a chair .
His mouth was too dry to speak but he could not reach for the water now . 
Elena 's greed was resented by the privileged few who could both afford the fees and knew who to approach to get permission . 
So in theory a computer , by comparing the pattern of voltages registered by the voltmeters at all the portholes , could calculate the pattern of obstacles around the fish .
The woman was better off ; she might have the assistance of fine clothes , and the privilege of bashfulness , but the man had only his own good sense to depend on ; and when she considered how peculiarly unlucky poor Mr . Elton was in being in the same room at once with the woman he had just married , the woman he had wanted to marry , and the woman whom he had been expected to marry , she must allow him to have the right to look as little wise , and to be as much affectedly , and as little really easy as could be .
Therefore , I saw that here was a sort of interregnum in Providence ; for its even - handed equity never could have so gross an injustice .
If only this could be done more often -- with such heartening results -- many of the earth's `` big problems '' would shrink to the insignificances they really are .
But after the doctor's return that night Alex could see , from the high window in his own room , the now familiar figure crouched on a truly impressive heap of towels , apparently giving its egg-hatching powers one final chance before it was replaced in its office by a sure-enough hen .
An example of market information could be where there is advance knowledge that a brokerage firm is about to publish a favourable research report about a company . 
They both enthused over my new look and I became weepy and wailed that I could n't keep them . 
Sabine could hear the rustle of his clothes as he removed them . 
If , however , by an unforeseen chance it should be in my power to serve him farther , I must think very differently of him from what I now do , if I am not as ready to be useful to him then as I sincerely wish I could be at present .
According to the CIA , Iran possesses weaponized biological agents that could be dispersed by artillery and aerial bombs .
There 's no question that , if they 're true , they ... could lead to impeachment proceedings . ''
It was so close that I could see the tiny ball of silk held between its front pair of legs and its jaws . 
She had been used before to feel that he could not be always quite sincere , but now she saw insincerity in everything .
Relatively late discontinuation of treatment could be a reason for the unfavourable outcome in some cases . 
It could never happen as long as God was alert and the Drew steeple stood guard with its peaked lance .
As long as we could stop the fire .
It reminded her of the river bank where Pa and the boys went to cut rushes at weekends so that Ma and Billy could work all week .
Other factors contributing to the high loss rate were lack of parental support , ridicule by their peers , and no examples of maturer Christians with whom they could identify . 
Naturally he could not explain this objection to his friends , so he chose the course which Syme had predicted .
She had already acknowledged it to herself , and she could not think differently , let him think of her as he would .
you know so that he could n't get out well he kind of ripped through the chicken wire so i ca n't i i i just have not
` I could ring for a taxi , " she suggested , when the final guests had departed and she was standing with her host and hostess on the drive . 
One bonus of delaying an election until 1992 would be that Mr Major could use a summer reshuffle to continue reshaping the government he inherited from Mrs Thatcher . 
And as he had the greatest command over himself , he actually did not shed another tear , not even when the farmer got up to go , saying , he could wait no longer .
I declare they are quite charming ; I could look at them for ever ."
As he entered , he heard the pealing of a bell reverberating through the building above the din of battle , and he paused a moment , wondering what on earth it could be .
He could not have foreseen that it would be Mozart , 24 years his junior , who would be dead before the year 's end . 
She was absolutely convinced that what she liked other people wanted too ; a canny instinct which she used always as her guiding principle and from which no one could shake her . 
Prentice hopped onto the grass and fell over , still clutching at his foot ; Rory could see something white stuck to the sole of the boy 's sandshoe . 
I could not answer it .
It is possible that Morse told the woman it was 11:20 , but it could have been earlier , since she did serve dinner on time .
With the rapid rate of closure , the approach from below , the side , and ahead , there would be only a moment when damage could be done .
For he could imagine nothing that so echoed his own visions of pontifical or chivalric art as this white dome sitting like a vast silver tiara over London , ringed with a triple crown of swords .
Polybius could not have written his history as he did if he had not found in Rome an aristocracy which he could instinctively understand because he shared its attitude to life .
`` It is no good recommending surrender rather than nuclear warfare with the proviso that surrender could be followed by the effective military resistance by occupied peoples .
He could think of nothing else to tell them : no assurances , no hopeful hints at great discoveries that day .
Now you , who have so much invention and cleverness -- I have no invention myself ; but could you not hit upon some way of seeing him , so that you might get him by heart ?
` The shops here are very good , but Dana is inclined to turn her nose up at anything outside London or Paris , so I imagine an hour could see her back at the flat . " 
The Federation for Ulster Local Studies hailed the decision as an ` historic victory " -- but the Post Office warned it was a ` backward step " which could hit local mail deliveries .
Without early intimation of dates of training sessions enthusiasm for training could dwindle quickly . 
She wore white ankle socks ; my mother preferred me to wear fawn knee-length ones , but our skirts and berets were the same except mine had a leather band inside you could n't see . 
MORALE in Britain is so low that nearly half the population would emigrate if they could , according to a survey . 
All Martin thought he needed was time : to what better use could time be put ? ?
Combined with at least some rebound in exports after August 's unexpected decline , the deficit could narrow to as little as # 1.3 billion .
You could not hunch up into the tree , hugging closer to the trunk .
At the end of the term of the convertible loan , Sears could still own half the building , and AEW could own the other half .
Entreaties , cuffs , and kicks could not drive them back , so at their own instance they were put down in the ship ' s run for salvation .
In summer , when the windows were opened and the clatter of the kitchens momentarily ceased , you could hear the tenors and sopranos practising tricky obligatos in the rehearsal rooms . 
5 : 8 Then came in all the king ' s wise men : but they could not read the writing , nor make known to the king the interpretation thereof .
But the crash could have been avoided had the pilot taken a safer course , Sheriff Douglas Risk said in his report on an inquiry into the accident held 13 months ago . 
` Pity she could n't do the same for you , " Freddy grunted . 
17 : 12 Yet the children of Manasseh could not drive out the inhabitants of those cities ; but the Canaanites would dwell in that land .
Walter Smith told his players before they left the dressing room at Celtic Park that he appreciated they had given him all they could since the start of that run in August . 
Lightning could strike you blind if you were a sinner ! !
She did it so quickly that the poor little juror ( it was Bill , the Lizard ) could not make out at all what had become of it ; so , after hunting all about for it , he was obliged to write with one finger for the rest of the day ; and this was of very little use , as it left no mark on the slate .
Sorneone saw the open garage door and sneaked in to see what he could pinch . 
My love for Johnnie was young and clean -- how could I possibly compete with a woman like that , who didn't hesitate to use her sex .
Parents of children who qualified for secondary education signed an undertaking that the child would complete the course , and they could be fined if they failed to keep their word . 
Whatever lies behind such a startling transformation in Quebecois mores could hardly fail to create a disoriented generation hungry for new certitudes to replace the collapsing old ones . 
He raged at the futility of it , and shouted for help as his blade hissed and crunched , but his arms were tiring and he could feel blood running down inside his tunic . 
If you could be supposed to be biased in any respect by your own feelings , your opinion would not be worth having ."
The rest of us could just sit and twiddle our thumbs and drink iced coffee . 
But Mary , though nothing could have pleased her better than to have been able to pay for the house , observed that they could not honestly touch any of this treasure , as it belonged to the owner of the castle .
When he awoke in the mornings , she was in his mind and he could hardly wait to get to school to be near her in the flesh .
My eyes were so bleary I could barely see him but there he was , a little smooth olivefaced guy in a new spring overcoat and a taffycolored fedora .
You could not tell what his smile or his gravity meant .
It is possible , of course , that some of the most seriously damaged companies could n't be reached , particularly in areas nearest the epicenter .
There are fears that large mortgage rate hikes could tip the already stagnant housing and mortgage market into deep and long-lasting recession . 
SENSITIVE AND INSECURE STUDENT would like to correspond with anyone interested in George Orwell , politics and The Cure- Oh , hi Andrew , you 're the best friend anyone could ever have . 
But neither Charles Hayter ' s feelings , nor anybody ' s feelings , could interest her , till she had a little better arranged her own .
If the errand were not a pleasure to me , it could be done , as it always is when I am not here , by my grandmama ' s ."
We did have to predict how much we could help ourselves financially and Joan is pleased to report that through the marvellous efforts made through fund-raising this prediction has been achieved .
He could see the flashes on the far horizon beyond the city . 
" Where could you possibly hear it , Mr . Knightley ?
To his surprise , he saw a flicker of something like relief in Graham 's eyes , but it just lasted a second , and he could have been mistaken . 
" When I was in the dressing - room I noticed that some of them could probably be slid out into the passage ."
His visit he would now defer ; but they had a very interesting parley about what could be done and should be done .
You could not have gratified me more than by expressing an interest --.
Jove saw how stupid they were , and sent a king who could not harm them : he tossed a big log into the middle of the pond .
But don ' t let ' s be talking sintimint ; for , for my share I ' d not give a bogberry a bushel for sintimint , when I could get anything better .
But now they had seen Buster Bear and Farmer Brown ' s boy meet face to face ; and while it was true that Farmer Brown ' s boy had run away as fast as ever he could , it was also true that Buster Bear had done the same thing .
The thought of ending his abstinence became more and more bizarre and full of practical pitfalls he could never overcome ; it became , in the end , unthinkable . 
Such a religion might also contain certain philosophical ideas , ideas which could be deduced from a priori reason .
The anxiety of the papal reformers to put all clergy under a rule shows that experience suggested to them that celibacy could only be enforced on monks or folk living a quasi-monastic life .
Still , it was uncertain if the mercurial man who referred to himself as Brother Leader and ruled the nation for nearly 42 years could muster a potent counterattack .
He had taken out of his pocket a small , stout , leather - bound volume , and Flambeau , looking over his shoulder , could see that it was some book of old travels , and had a leaf turned down for reference .
DMT existed in the streets in the Sixties where it gained a reputation as the businessman 's acid , because it could be smoked and did n't last too long . 
And all that she could say was , ` I 'm Christine Ashdown 's sister . " 
The match referee , a technician at his side if necessary , could be the magic eye , unless it is to be someone from the ranks of the umpires themselves .
3 : 21 And Ehud put forth his left hand , and took the dagger from his right thigh , and thrust it into his belly : 3 : 22 And the haft also went in after the blade ; and the fat closed upon the blade , so that he could not draw the dagger out of his belly ; and the dirt came out .
The landed property of Hartfield certainly was inconsiderable , being but a sort of notch in the Donwell Abbey estate , to which all the rest of Highbury belonged ; but their fortune , from other sources , was such as to make them scarcely secondary to Donwell Abbey itself , in every other kind of consequence ; and the Woodhouses had long held a high place in the consideration of the neighbourhood which Mr . Elton had first entered not two years ago , to make his way as he could , without any alliances but in trade , or any thing to recommend him to notice but his situation and his civility .-- But he had fancied her in love with him ; that evidently must have been his dependence ; and after raving a little about the seeming incongruity of gentle manners and a conceited head , Emma was obliged in common honesty to stop and admit that her own behaviour to him had been so complaisant and obliging , so full of courtesy and attention , as ( supposing her real motive unperceived ) might warrant a man of ordinary observation and delicacy , like Mr . Elton , in fancying himself a very decided favourite .
Markets have had a bad few weeks , but if the City gets upset about the outcome of the election , or the currency markets react strongly , there could be more pain in store . 
He could only obtain a promise of their calling at the Park within a day or two , and then left them in amazement at their indifference , to walk home and boast anew of their attractions to the Miss Steeles , as he had been already boasting of the Miss Steeles to them .
Hooper , chosen ahead of David James because of his experience , could not be faulted for either of the Russians ' goals and desperately wants a chance to make the Anfield number one shirt his own . 
Similarly , a migrating bird could be seeking a particular patterning of the stars or an instinctive orientation to the Earth 's magnetic field .
Pilot union advisers appeared confident that a new bid could go forward even without British Air 's participation .
She could hear the concern in his voice , and her lower lip quivered .
The teacher might play an alien who could not communicate at all with the crew members ( children ) and wanted to learn their language .
Loretta could not decide whether he was genuinely unenthusiastic about the idea , or whether it was the alienating effect of his upper middle-class accent . 
Stockton and Langbaurgh have warned that their free passes may have to go , while Middlesbrough says it could increase its £5 charge . 
The initial development and partial differentiation of hair cells in Brn3c mutants could possibly lead to some neurotrophin expression in these cells to sustain sensory neurons through embryonic development and beyond .
The question kept her awake for several hours while she repeatedly reminded herself that it could only bring her heartache .
In principle , single cell genetic markers could be used to distinguish injected donor cells from surrounding host tissue . 
( Who might you find you have come from yourself , if you could trace back through the centuries ?)
He was following behind her , and Ronni could feel his annoyance growing . 
Though the West is pleased with Pakistan 's cooperation , experts say a more aggressive campaign against the Afghan Taliban could prove risky .
I could never doubt that you would be loved and sought by others , but I knew to a certainty that you had refused one man , at least , of better pretensions than myself ; and I could not help often saying , ` Was this for me ?'"
The Rangers told investigators they later saw mortar rounds explode near them and thought they could see their attackers moving on the mountainside above them , the paper reported .
I waited , and drank a glass of MorningAfter and three cups of coffee , and wondered whether our affair could survive the events of the night , and whether I wanted it to .
12 : 8 And of the Gadites there separated themselves unto David into the hold to the wilderness men of might , and men of war fit for the battle , that could handle shield and buckler , whose faces were like the faces of lions , and were as swift as the roes upon the mountains ; 12 : 9 Ezer the first , Obadiah the second , Eliab the third , 12 : 10 Mishmannah the fourth , Jeremiah the fifth , 12 : 11 Attai the sixth , Eliel the seventh , 12 : 12 Johanan the eighth , Elzabad the ninth , 12 : 13 Jeremiah the tenth , Machbanai the eleventh .
I could not help it , but I began to feel suspicious of this " dark complexioned " harpooneer .
Emma could not have a better companion than Harriet ."
When Bildad was a chief - mate , to have his drab - coloured eye intently looking at you , made you feel completely nervous , till you could clutch something -- a hammer or a marling - spike , and go to work like mad , at something or other , never mind what .
This way , millions of tonnes of waste each year could be pumped into the deep sea . 
He was too old -- when he passed up and through the corridor of pines that lined the trail he could see ahead , he was passing from life .
Even stilled , the great pistons were ample evidence of the power it could unleash , driving it like the mighty wheels of a train .
The House of Lords was deliberating at that moment whether such people could legally be Trustees of a Church of England School ( it was eventually decided that they could not ) . 
A DERWENTSIDE councillor could face censure from his colleagues over a remark about Albert Dryden who shot and killed the council 's chief planning officer last year . 
Sir Walter had at first thought more of London ; but Mr Shepherd felt that he could not be trusted in London , and had been skilful enough to dissuade him from it , and make Bath preferred .
The crew 's stay with the unit was limited to 10 days , and only the soldiers ' first names could be used .
I have no picture in my mind of the garden as a whole -- that I could not see -- but certain aspects of certain corners linger in the memory : wind-blown , frost-bitten , white chrysanthemums beneath a window , with their brittle brown leaves and their sharp scent of November ; ;
Mitch gasped the words and Maggie could not utter a sound as , to their astonishment , Felipe carefully mounted the horse . 
Charles became as adept at changing nappies and bathing William as Diana , and , even when he was small , both spent as much time as they could with him . 
By making inroads in the name of law enforcement into the protection which Congress has afforded to the marriage relationship , the Court today continues in the path charted by the recent decision in Wyatt v. United States , 362 U.S. 525 , where the Court held that , under the circumstances of that case , a wife could be compelled to testify against her husband over her objection .
Mr . Knightley connected it with the dream ; but how it could all be , was beyond his comprehension .
`` I'm sorry , Mrs. Minks '' , Arlene said in a tone so low you could hardly hear it .
It is the fact that it could turn into science , and promote a beguiling vision of mastery over nature , that has forced historians to reconsider the usual antithesis between occult and rational mentalities . 
She liked his open manners , but a little less of open - heartedness would have made him a higher character .-- General benevolence , but not general friendship , made a man what he ought to be .-- She could fancy such a man .
Anne was not animated to an equal pitch by the circumstance , but she felt that she would rather see Mr Elliot again than not , which was more than she could say for many other persons in Bath .
She had used him ill , deserted and disappointed him ; and worse , she had shewn a feebleness of character in doing so , which his own decided , confident temper could not endure .
He could meet even Lady Russell in a discussion of her merits ; and Anne could not be given to understand so much by her friend , could not know herself to be so highly rated by a sensible man , without many of those agreeable sensations which her friend meant to create .
We could report Ellen Blair said she 'd like to come . 
Nicandra ran towards all that beauty -- although she could not tell her trouble nor make any mention of the displeasing butterfly , she could be close in the adored distance . 
But the trouble was , he was so vile I could n't respect him . 
" That is as formidable an image as you could present , Harriet ; and if I thought I should ever be like Miss Bates !
Nothing but such a persuasion could have prevented his putting an end to an engagement , which , long before the discovery of it laid him open to his mother ' s anger , had been a continual source of disquiet and regret to him .
Before Susan could reply , little William pushed forward , and answered , " Yes , ma ' am , it is MY sister Susan that keeps everything neat ; and she always comes to school for us , too , which was what caused her to be so late ."
But as soon as it could walk the little Half - Chick showed a most headstrong spirit , worse than any of its brothers .
Speculating about other possible states that could be involved , the President told us he also thought about Iran .
Shaw could also give the flyer a pretty good idea of area visibility by a visual check of the mountains to be seen from his station .
Indeed , if monetary relaxation succeeds in stabilising output , it should unlock sharp productivity gains which could finance higher import costs .
But come , Here as before , neuer so helpe you mercy , How strange or odde so ere I beare my selfe ; ( As I perchance heereafter shall thinke meet To put an Anticke disposition on :) That you at such time seeing me , neuer shall With Armes encombred thus , or thus , head shake ; Or by pronouncing of some doubtfull Phrase ; As well , we know , or we could and if we would , Or if we list to speake ; or there be and if there might , Or such ambiguous giuing out to note , That you know ought of me ; this not to doe : So grace and mercy at your most neede helpe you : Sweare
She could hear Feargal treading softly down behind her , could imagine the stupid grin on his face , and , with a last determined effort , she humped her suitcase to the front door . 
The fact that the numerical models do not incorporate this unique wet Late Permian palaeogeography could well account for the uniformly erroneous results .
Probably our young readers cannot guess what use they could mean to make of this impression of the key in wax .
Unlike other insecticides , lindane has a high skin-absorption rate and experts worry that repeated treatments could lead to a build-up of this chemical in the body , with possible toxic side effects like convulsions . 
Emma wished he would be less pointed , yet could not help being amused ; and when on glancing her eye towards Jane Fairfax she caught the remains of a smile , when she saw that with all the deep blush of consciousness , there had been a smile of secret delight , she had less scruple in the amusement , and much less compunction with respect to her .-- This amiable , upright , perfect Jane Fairfax was apparently cherishing very reprehensible feelings .
can I believe then , Those ancient temples , sculptures classic , could none of them retain her ?
16 : 4 I also could speak as ye do : if your soul were in my soul ' s stead , I could heap up words against you , and shake mine head at you .
what praise could they receive ?
For how could Carole -- a truly kind , sweet and very generous person -- have guessed that a romantic dinner for two was the very last thing on their minds ? 
But before he could wonder any more his breath was quite taken away by the shout those little white children gave .
They complained loudly that targets could not be reached , but sometimes I detected whispers passing from one woman to another . 
She could n't help it ; the words poured out , a torrent of pent-up emotional resentment , released at last . 
You would find that you could only command some thirty degrees of vision in advance of the straight side - line of sight ; and about thirty more behind it .
As the car took the corner of the street with a splendid curve , they could just see the other anarchists filling the street and raising their fallen leader .
The two little bangs meant that he was getting impatient to have a crowd of customers waited on and that if he had to he would jerk open the door and drag out , by the opposite door handle which she would be clutching , whichever-the-hell clerk it was who thought she could waste so much store time on the pot .
added the Gryphon , before Alice could speak again .
After a pause , during which he studied Scotty's face as if Scotty were not there and could not study him too , Mr. McKinley would ask the same questions he had asked downstairs .
`` Maybe I could '' , he said , surprised that she could turn from herself and notice anything about him .
She was still feeling a little anxious when she thought of all she would have to do before she could get to bed that night . 
We could see her as she proceeded from her house . 
O I could sing such grandeurs and glories about you !
How could the rich , for whom life was made so simple , ever understand the subterfuges , the lies , the frauds , the errors , sins and even crimes to which the poor were driven in their efforts to overcome the great advantages the rich had in the race of life ? ?
Discussing with North in September 1986 how the arms-sales creditors could be paid off , he was alarmed to hear him say ` Well , maybe we 'll have to take it out of the reserves . " 
Peering ahead , I could sense the whole world turning . 
When there is a dispute between nations that could bring a threat to peace, the Security Council listens first to all sides of the argument. 
Harris struggled to separate the words , but all he could hear was Piper 's anguished keening . 
We could n't see much from the window . 
She said she could n't stay , that she had just dropped in for a minute .
Dropping the Brownie Annual , Jenny ran up the dale alongside the river as hard as she could go . 
I saw her there whenever I could , and after the death of my brother , ( which happened about five years ago , and which left to me the possession of the family property ,) she visited me at Delaford .
Maggie and Stuart pored over figures every night , trying to find how they could squeeze out a few pennies more .
The openness and heartiness of her manner more than atoned for that want of recollection and elegance which made her often deficient in the forms of politeness ; her kindness , recommended by so pretty a face , was engaging ; her folly , though evident was not disgusting , because it was not conceited ; and Elinor could have forgiven every thing but her laugh .
But if the Trial did not expose the special Nazi mania so deadly to Jews as well as to anyone upon whom it happened to light , neither did it warn very effectively against the ordinary anti-Semitism of which the Nazis made such effective use in Germany and wherever else they could find it .
Over the weekend Fossett Corp. , another options trading firm , transferred the clearing accounts of about 160 traders to First Options of Chicago , a unit of Continental Bank Corp. , because it could n't meet regulatory capital requirements after Friday 's market slide .
Looking back at those debates on how we could fill in the time on our hands , the novelist Herbert Gold reflected that the Fifties were a time of ` happy people with happy problems " . 
Since the meal had come entirely from tins , she could hardly believe he was being sincere , but she merely smiled and nodded her thanks . 
she could be sure of that .
A special guard was posted at my end of the bridge to make sure I didn't cross , the ludicrousness of the situation being revealed fully in that everyone else -- men , women , and children , dogs , cats , horses , cars , trucks , baby carriages -- could cross Kehl bridge into Kehl without surveillance .
He put the shells on the table , as though he could no longer bear to hold them .
Now were even poor Pip here I could endure it , but he ' s missing .
To me , Brandt looks as though he could be in for a fine year .
Mrs . Cole was telling that she had been calling on Miss Bates , and as soon as she entered the room had been struck by the sight of a pianoforte -- a very elegant looking instrument -- not a grand , but a large - sized square pianoforte ; and the substance of the story , the end of all the dialogue which ensued of surprize , and inquiry , and congratulations on her side , and explanations on Miss Bates ' s , was , that this pianoforte had arrived from Broadwood ' s the day before , to the great astonishment of both aunt and niece -- entirely unexpected ; that at first , by Miss Bates ' s account , Jane herself was quite at a loss , quite bewildered to think who could possibly have ordered it -- but now , they were both perfectly satisfied that it could be from only one quarter ;-- of course it must be from Colonel Campbell .
Mr Devine could face up to 300 lashes for the offence , his MP says that can not be allowed to happen . 
Inspector General of the Department of Transportation told us , there were great pressures from the air carriers to control security costs and to `` limit the impact of security requirements on aviation operations , so that the industry could concentrate on its primary mission of moving passengers and aircraft .
Workers could dial out , but they could n't receive telephone calls .
There could hardly be a happier creature in the world than Mrs . John Knightley , in this short visit to Hartfield , going about every morning among her old acquaintance with her five children , and talking over what she had done every evening with her father and sister .
Mrs . Elton seemed most favourably impressed by the size of the room , the entrance , and all that she could see or imagine .
The Gnostics could not believe that in Christ the eternal God could have polluted himself by taking flesh and enduring crucifixion ; in the first epistle of John this denial is directly combated . 
A GIRL Friday who quit her job because she could not trust her boss to leave her alone was yesterday awarded £2,390 for sex discrimination . 
The law could not suspend economics .
And what shoulder and what art Could twist the sinews of thy heart ?
He jerked his head up , astonished , but before he could utter a word in his defence , Fei Yen had whirled about and stormed across to where the two girls stood . 
His eyes met those of Anthea Darnell for a moment , but deliberately slid away before she could invite him to join her group . 
When he was here before , we made the best of it ; but there was a good deal of wet , damp , cheerless weather ; there always is in February , you know , and we could not do half that we intended .
Sara Hart was not his wife , was no longer his mistress , and could not have affected him financially . 
She could not endure that such a friendship as theirs should be severed unfairly .
Marianne was afraid of offending , and said no more on the subject ; but the kind of approbation which Elinor described as excited in him by the drawings of other people , was very far from that rapturous delight , which , in her opinion , could alone be called taste .
they almost look as if I could smell them .
And a couple of days ago Fergus had suggested they go for a longer hike , up into the trackless hills where the Landy could n't reach . 
Congress would have 20 days to reject the package with a 50 % majority , but then a President could veto that rejection .
He could not recall lurching like a drunk across the small room and throwing himself in a gibbering heap upon the bed . 
But , knowing that a great war would kill the goose that laid the golden eggs , the bankers could probably be relied upon to use their enormous influence to prevent it : 
` I could have resolved it for you , " he said , ` if only you 'd come to see me earlier .
Elinor saw that it WAS his hand , and she could doubt no longer .
A moment or two later a man who , from his lanky form and fine-boned features , could only be her fiancé , Lord Woodleigh , emerged , evidently doing his best to overcome a certain reluctance . 
A CHARGE of rape on a mentally handicapped girl was dropped yesterday after a judge ruled she could not give evidence against her alleged attacker .
It was Giselle , the fille de chambre , come to clean the room , and while she stood before him with ears pricked up and regard all curiosity , explaining her errand , Alex could see from the corner of his eye the doctor doing all he could to calm the displeased bird .
`` I was sad when I could n't go to the snack bar to buy a soda .
First , it was noted that spelling mistakes occur in Medline [ 19 ] . These could have an influence if the `` Affiliation Field '' would have been used to enter country names .
Surely a Russian cook could manage tea of all things , and Auguste was cheered by the sight of the huge samovars imported into the Pavilion . 
This last may be a source of considerable disquiet and one might not at first see how such obviously ` immoral " content could be defended as part of a system of morality . 
With the fire behind her , he could see the shadowy curve of her breasts through the thin material , and its ragged hem now only reached to mid-thigh .
`` Nothing's free in the whole goddam world '' , was all I could think of to say .
It was only natural that Fletcher would strive for a position in which he could make the decisions .
Sight so deform what heart of rock could long Dry - eyed behold ?
he started for the Green Forest as fast as his legs could take him , and this was very fast indeed , let me tell you .
More often than not I have found easy excuse to leave my own work and stand at a respectable distance where I could watch this man transform raw nature into a composed , not imitative , painting .
5 : 15 And now the wise men , the astrologers , have been brought in before me , that they should read this writing , and make known unto me the interpretation thereof : but they could not shew the interpretation of the thing : 5 : 16 And I have heard of thee , that thou canst make interpretations , and dissolve doubts : now if thou canst read the writing , and make known to me the interpretation thereof , thou shalt be clothed with scarlet , and have a chain of gold about thy neck , and shalt be the third ruler in the kingdom .
She courted it first by nods , and becks and smiles at Marianne whenever she met her ; and Marianne , who was a very little girl , began presently to nod and smile in return , persuaded that a lady who smiled so much , could not be ill - natured .
Now , as we have before observed , it was a sharp and windy day ; and though Lady Diana Sweepstakes was actually speaking to him , and looking at him , he could not prevent his nose from wanting to be blowed : he pulled out his handkerchief and out rolled the new ball which had been given to him just before he left home , and which , according to his usual careless habits , he had stuffed into his pockets in his hurry .
Yet even the nobility were loath to pay for such intangibles when they could obtain a similar ritual at less outlay and with greater speed from within the trade .
He had not discovered anything new in biology ; but what biological creature could he have discovered more singular than himself ?
McKimmie , who required surgery , could be necessary since Paul Mason , Lee Richardson and Gary Smith are all victims of flu .
The teacher thought it was so successful that she asks : `` Wouldn't it be helpful to all age groups if they could participate in a similar confessional of their fears and worries '' ? ?
Dr Christine Henderson , the first such volunteer , had recently returned from Zimbabwe and described her experiences to the IC , providing graphic examples of the sort of problems that could encountered . 
But although the main black square was the same , though travelling faster , there was now one sensational difference which they could see clearly upon the slope of the hill , as if upon a slanted map .
Lucenzo had a glint in his eyes which told her she could be in trouble . 
She played over every favourite song that she had been used to play to Willoughby , every air in which their voices had been oftenest joined , and sat at the instrument gazing on every line of music that he had written out for her , till her heart was so heavy that no farther sadness could be gained ; and this nourishment of grief was every day applied .
Then , crowned again , their golden harps they took , Harps ever tuned , that glittering by their side Like quivers hung , and with preamble sweet Of charming symphony they introduce Their sacred song , and waken raptures high ; No voice exempt , no voice but well could join Melodious part , such concord is in Heaven .
She could feel her skin , corroding . 
When the tables had been cleared and those who could do so had entertained the rest with songs and recitations , the whole company settled down for a sing-song . 
I was dragged out of my bed one morning when I was in A Division , and at that time unless you passed your life-saving exams in the water , you could n't be considered for promotion . 
As soon as Lydia saw him she realised that she could have her picnic without putting her wicked plan into operation . 
They threatened constantly to give the British a hold on this region , from whence they could move easily down the rivers to the French settlements near the Gulf .
In the distance the jungle was being cleared for a road , and Alan could see the yellow machines lumbering about , caterpillar treads churning the earth ; he could even hear the faint scream of giant saws over the noise of the crowd on the train . 
You could make a fortune , " she said in genuine amusement . 
Derek Johns of Sheffield writes in to say that a company that has a rare new species named after it could find its share price sensitive to any environmental news . 
" Nay , how could I help saying what I did ?-- Nobody could have helped it .
The same books , the same passages were idolized by each -- or if any difference appeared , any objection arose , it lasted no longer than till the force of her arguments and the brightness of her eyes could be displayed .
There could be no doubt of his great pleasure in seeing her .
The two Ducks saw that they could no longer live there , so they decided to fly to another region , where there was more water .
There might be places in the Universe where you could play some very interesting games . " 
But how else could Hencke 's ID end up on a body underneath tons of rubble ? " 
` I told her that she could do what she liked as long as she got her arse out of the building , and quick .
Concealment was impossible now ; and looking back over his shoulder , he could see the black figure of the old gentleman coming after him with long , swinging strides like a man winning a mile race .
In 1973 a deal was concluded : although ` Spence " left , the firm could continue to use his name and the ownership of the business would be widely spread amongst all the existing consultants worldwide . 
It would be crazy to leave it empty , and I do n't think I could bring myself to sell my old family home . 
For one , I gave myself up to the abandonment of the time and the place ; but while yet all a - rush to encounter the whale , could see naught in that brute but the deadliest ill .
She could smell the wood-smoke : someone had been trying to light a fire .
I kicked the blackguard in the guts as hard as I could , flogged him into insensibility , and dropped him in the canal . 
I was a little alarmed by his energy , perhaps also a little touched at the hearty grief in his concluding exclamation , but said as calmly as I could , " What you say is no doubt true enough , sir ; but how could I know there was any peculiar ferocity in that particular whale , though indeed I might have inferred as much from the simple fact of the accident ."
There was the quiet , everyday room , filled with the scents and sounds of the summer morning ; sweet briar and early roses and the gillyflowers she had planted outside the window ; last night 's burned logs ( the nights could still have a chill in them , and she had insisted on making a fire for me to sit by ) ; the sweet sub-song of the redbreast as he flew up into the apple boughs outside .
They chattered and laughed , being rude about Western passersby who could not understand their language . 
Staring back at him , aware of how still he was holding himself , she exclaimed weakly , ` Oh , Leo , could does n't even enter into it . 
" Why , how could you see through the doors of my wardrobe ?"
I know not with what fine and costly material the Heidelburgh Tun was coated within , but in superlative richness that coating could not possibly have compared with the silken pearl - coloured membrane , like the lining of a fine pelisse , forming the inner surface of the Sperm Whale ' s case .
Sammy Jay looked at Blacky the Crow , and Blacky looked at Chatterer , and Chatterer looked at Happy Jack , and Happy Jack looked at Peter Rabbit , and Peter looked at Unc ' Billy Possum , and Unc ' Billy looked at Bobby Coon , and Bobby looked at Johnny Chuck , and Johnny looked at Reddy Fox , and Reddy looked at Jimmy Skunk , and Jimmy looked at Billy Mink , and Billy looked at Little Joe Otter , and for a minute nobody could say a word .
Imagine if you could go in and buy maybe four of the pencil-slim skirts in different colours . 
And you could be sure that every dog you saw was an excellent example of their breed -- they had to be the most consistent winners throughout the year before they could qualify for an invite . 
Hotspur watched the marred profile beside him curiously as they paced side by side , for he was greatly drawn to his prisoner , and could not reconcile the many stories concerning him with this man he had begun to know . 
Blood from my arm came streaming back into my face , in spite of the fact that I was holding the stump as tightly as I could . 
So Mr . Talbot , here , who is another sort of a gentleman ( though he has not so fine a coat ) would not see a man at a loss , that could not afford it ; and not knowing which of ' em it was that spoiled the horse , goes , when he finds the other would not pay a farthing , and pays all .
Thomas 's superficial injuries could be seen as ‘ fair retribution for an adulterer cheating with someone else 's wife ’ , he added . 
But now the fire was turned to left and right like a woman ' s hair parted in the middle , and now the shafts of its light could shoot up into empty heavens and strike anything , either bird or cloud .
This statement recalls the 1959 Berlin crisis , when President Eisenhower first told reporters that Berlin could not be defended with conventional weapons and then added that a nuclear defense was out of the picture too .
The lace skirt with a plain top looks very new , but you could also use the lace for a summer top . 
But one of the biggest curbs on the unnecessary use of pesticides could be Kenya 's chronic shortage of foreign currency . 
The butler bowed slightly and retired , and although his face was expressionless , Katherine could almost feel his displeasure towards the man who now stepped into the room . 
But the clear intelligence failure which let Gen Noriega escape , to organise what could prove to be a prolonged guerrilla resistance , threatens to turn this latest military adventure into a political embarrassment .
He could also see a line of washing , which included , he realized to his delight , the clerical undergarments . 
At one moment she was absolutely indifferent to the observation of all the world , at another she would seclude herself from it for ever , and at a third could resist it with energy .
The complete interior of the house could not be occupied until the final months of 1985 and the owners stayed for only one further year before the challenge of converting a local barn tempted them away ! 
Still , a few individual companies , most likely smaller ones , could be devastated .
I 've been so thirsty for the last hour , I could n't be bothered to go and find a drink . 
the combination of the Jewish intellectual tradition and the sensibility needed to be a writer created in my circle the most potent and incredible intellectual-literary ambition I have ever seen or could ever have imagined .
One attacker was shot before he could enter the training compound , and another detonated a bomb at the front gate , Samoon said .
They settled in town , received very liberal assistance from Mrs . Ferrars , were on the best terms imaginable with the Dashwoods ; and setting aside the jealousies and ill - will continually subsisting between Fanny and Lucy , in which their husbands of course took a part , as well as the frequent domestic disagreements between Robert and Lucy themselves , nothing could exceed the harmony in which they all lived together .
By this stage , you could be feeling that you are quite an old hand at Christmas video making ; if so , recording the party should be child 's play in every sense .
You could use rocks and wood to make your aquarium more attractive and , provided you have sufficient light , the more robust plants such as Amazon Swords and Java Fern should be fine .
No matter how determined or wealthy boating lovers of the Southwest had been , for example , they could never have created anything approaching the fifty square-mile Lake Texoma , located between Texas and Oklahoma , which resulted when the Corp of Army Engineers dammed the Red River .
He dabbled in verse , could get along well among most of the European languages , and was fluent in French and German .
The guilty plea means the trial now will focus on the sentence , which could total 15 years .
Erm I I would have thought it would be helpful that if criterion four could be worded in such a way that it it emphasised the need to maximize transport choice . 
Other mechanism by which AR could show an altered response results from an increase in its sensitivity to very low levels of androgen [ 22 23 ] . We tested the role of active Stat3 in this possibility cotransfecting CV-1 cells with an androgen responsive reporter ( ARE- TATA -luciferase ) , AR , in the presence or in the absence of constitutively active Stat3C .
We had been walking quite briskly , for despite your being so small and me so tall , your stride in those days could easily match mine .
It could all be straightened out later .
These illiterate boors conscripted from villages all across the Czarina's empire had , Suvorov may have told Lewis , just two things a commander could count on : physical fitness and personal courage .
The magnitude of Nirvana 's success -- and the success of its lesser Seattle brethren , like Pearl Jam and Soundgarden -- was such that it could n't be ignored .
A limit order to sell could be entered at that price .
With such sensations , Mr . Elton ' s civilities were dreadfully ill - timed ; but she had the comfort of appearing very polite , while feeling very cross -- and of thinking that the rest of the visit could not possibly pass without bringing forward the same information again , or the substance of it , from the open - hearted Mr .
Equivalents could be assigned to the paradigm either at the time it is added to the dictionary or after the word has been studied in context .
The sophisticated research facilities in Iran could easily serve as a front for illicit BW - related activities and offer a legitimate excuse to import dual - use material .
He behaved sometimes as if heterosexual love were an improper or even immoral exercise and if his presence could disrupt it , so much the better . 
This connection was clarified by Smith and Smith ( 1922 ) , who showed that saline extracts of fresh bovine pituitary glands could re-activate the atrophied thyroids of hypophysectomised tadpoles .
Lying awake at night , he could see them , laid out on the floor of his mind .
I was reading it to Mrs . Cole , and since she went away , I was reading it again to my mother , for it is such a pleasure to her -- a letter from Jane -- that she can never hear it often enough ; so I knew it could not be far off , and here it is , only just under my huswife -- and since you are so kind as to wish to hear what she says ;-- but , first of all , I really must , in justice to Jane , apologise for her writing so short a letter -- only two pages you see -- hardly two -- and in general she fills the whole paper and crosses half .
Suddenly it slipped off , so that he could see .
Elinor ' s astonishment at this commission could hardly have been greater , had the Colonel been really making her an offer of his hand .
And , as to procuring a dispensation , there could be no difficulty at his time of life , and with his character .
Those fictional conditions prevailed in the real-life cemetery ( the real-death cemetery ? ) : one minute you could see to the farthest landmark on the horizon , the most distant of the granite memorials , the next , it was difficult to discern the features of the weeping cherubim that marked the grave next door . 
How eloquent could Anne Elliot have been !
One thing 's for certain , Horton is a bollocks manager who could n't inspire fish to swim . 
" It is all I wish ," exclaimed Mr . Cox , " that I could find out and light upon the man that has belied me to your honour ."
`` We had concluded that no race as ephemeral as yours could have had time to develop a sense of justice .
5 : 4 What could have been done more to my vineyard , that I have not done in it ?
As an alternative , taxpayers could chose to reduce their gains by an inflation index .
In every one he made he found less difficulty , so that , instead of making two , he could soon make four in a day .
` They could have been responsible for the deaths of Cosmas and Damien , "  I added . 
Instead of the expected `` annoyances '' due to the nature of his mission , he received many calling cards and invitations from `` gentlemen of mark , on whom I had no sort of claim , & have had many more invitations than I could accept '' .
Alternatively , farmers could treat plants that act as alternative hosts for the pest and so reduce the number of pests migrating to a susceptible crop . 
Sometimes they cleared all the furniture back against the walls so that they could practise their special dance routines , or held rowdy parties in each other 's rooms . 
Swiftly as they rode , however , the whole rank still kept well together , and they could see the black vizards of the first line as level as a line of uniforms .
With powerplants such as these , vertical takeoff and landing combat aircraft could be built .
She could n't remember seeing such a cheerful crowd queuing for the cinema , and she took pleasure in their high spirits ; but she was glad that she had n't gone to the pictures . 
So far as the rest of the world was concerned he could conceive of almost any deception . 
While it has been deemed unethical to perform a controlled clinical trial , it could be argued that the use of limited resources on surveillance programmes of unproved value is also unethical . 
Lovingly , she accepted , and so great was my emotion that all I could think of saying was , `` You're amazing , you know '' ? ?
Alexei leaned a little to one side so that a slave could heap his plate with k'va , the staple grain which was similar to rice . 
The geologists believe these could contain vast quantities of cobalt .
Some of the youngest of his employers had , it is true , at times complained that he made mistakes of halfpence and pence in their accounts ; but as these affairs could never be brought to a public trial , Fisher ' s character and consequence were undiminished , till the fatal day when his Aunt Barbara forbade his visits to the confectioner ' s ; or , rather , till she requested the confectioner , who had his private reasons for obeying her , not TO RECEIVE her nephew ' s visits , as he had made himself sick at his house , and Mrs . Barbara ' s fears for his health were incessant .
He could n't take home business associates for dinner because he was embarrassed for them to see you . 
Oh , said I , my dear , I did say as much as I could .
Mr. Bush 's veto power puts him a commanding position in the narrowly divided House , but a vote to override his position could well pick up new support because of the wealth of health and education programs financed in the underlying bill .
And with Mr Gorbachev , who could charm the birds off a tree , she was , said Mr Healey , like a gushing schoolgirl with a crush . 
Rose could n't rationalise her urge to return to the cottage . 
When the early part of the gradient was flattened , either by using the gradient shown in Fig. 2 or by allowing the `` cone-sphere '' gradient to become established more slowly , Region 2 activity could sometimes be separated into two areas ( donors P. J. and R. S. , Fig. 1 and E. M. , Fig. 2 ) .
He held his automatic out sideways , away from his body so that they could not aim in on its flash , and fired two shots at the left-hand headlight of the Dodge .
But Ahijah could not see ; for his eyes were set by reason of his age .
She moved away , walking beside the river , but she could hear footsteps behind her in the grass , and felt love all around her , like perfume in the air .
Adenauer even contemplated taking the presidency in 1959 in the belief that he could thereby block the election of Erhard as Chancellor by nominating some other candidate to the Bundestag . 
But the Queen , horrified to learn that her favourite son 's marriage was heading for the rocks , could not utter the words of comfort the agonised redhead most needed to hear . 
Sir Walter seemed to admit it as complete apology ; and though Elizabeth could not see the circumstance in quite so favourable a light , she allowed it be a great extenuation .
But a week must pass ; only a week , in Anne ' s reckoning , and then , she supposed , they must meet ; and soon she began to wish that she could feel secure even for a week .
She could have said more on the subject ; for she had in fact so high an opinion of the Crofts , and considered her father so very fortunate in his tenants , felt the parish to be so sure of a good example , and the poor of the best attention and relief , that however sorry and ashamed for the necessity of the removal , she could not but in conscience feel that they were gone who deserved not to stay , and that Kellynch Hall had passed into better hands than its owners '.
Mrs . Weston said no more ; and Emma could imagine with what surprize and mortification she must be returning to her seat .
But however , all that is quite out of the question -- not to be thought of or mentioned -- as to any attachment you know -- it never could be -- all that is gone by .
When he heard of his brothers' anger , Palfrey was still hopeful that they could be persuaded to accept his notion of paying wages .
Elinor could no longer witness this torrent of unresisted grief in silence .
A chaise was sent for from Crewkherne , and Charles conveyed back a far more useful person in the old nursery - maid of the family , one who having brought up all the children , and seen the very last , the lingering and long - petted Master Harry , sent to school after his brothers , was now living in her deserted nursery to mend stockings and dress all the blains and bruises she could get near her , and who , consequently , was only too happy in being allowed to go and help nurse dear Miss Louisa .
But she could smell the danger ; it drifted around her like a pungent perfume . 
Mark 's wishes could n't have been better fulfilled as she ended up in a small tourist camp in Kanha National Park . 
and shut down the window violently ; and I could hear him plunging down the stairs inside .
I wish with all my heart I could believe what you say . 
There was just one thing he cared about : it was to make his soul so pure and perfect that it could be one of the stones in God ' s great Temple of Heaven .
He could not see objects as unified , self-contained , and organized figures , as a person does with normal vision .
She became aware that two Italian workmen , carrying a large azalea pot , were standing before her and wanted her to move so that they could begin arranging a new row of the display .
Here she delivers , especially during her enthusiastically awful rendition of the `` Candy Man , '' which she sings while prancing around in a little cotton candy pink angora sweater that could n't be more perfect .
In its letter , which was signed by all six members , the panel wrote that it was `` troubled by incongruities , inconsistencies and conflicts , particularly concerning actions taken by you which were or could have been of potential benefit to Chang .
Margery could almost smell the posies , she was so excited .
The bus industry as a whole was very conscious of the problem of pollution , and were trying to provide solutions as far as it could . 
He could have been a computer salesman . 
' I don ' t quite understand you ,' she said , as politely as she could .
She could only have driven about a mile , she estimated , but as she trudged back along the road it seemed like a marathon trek . 
She would not beg from him , could never try to claim whatever might -- or might not -- be hers by rights . 
One of Greg's bombs hung up , and he was miles from the target before he could get rid of it .
I could not walk half so far ."
Yes , I recollect your look when you held the bunch of grapes to my lips , as I sat by the sea - shore deserted by all the world ; and now , what friends have I . Robbers and --" The word MURDERERS he could not utter .
Well , he 's brought it on himself , she could n't help thinking , and I do n't see why I should stick around and be made to pay too .
If convicted , he could be imprisoned for up to 10 years and fined $ 250,000 .
Their tendency is gross and illiberal ; and if their construction could ever be deemed clever , time has long ago destroyed all its ingenuity ."
Anyone who has travelled the country lanes around Holt , near Wrexham , may well have seen a tractor working that they could n't quite identify . 
` I could n't afford to replace it , " he said , ` so I put up my own , with bamboo .
` One could pity but not censure a being totally deprived of all capacity for recognizing goodness and doing what is right . " 
`` Back in 1987-88 , business was operating at fairly tight capacity , so businesses felt they could raise prices . ''
I hated Gionesca because he complained all the time , and I knew that I could get away with hating him because I was stronger and fitter than him . 
The irritating thing is , he could not be bothered to put the sandwich down during the whole scene , and when she surfaced , she found his lip dripping with tomato seeds . 
Prettier musings of high - wrought love and eternal constancy , could never have passed along the streets of Bath , than Anne was sporting with from Camden Place to Westgate Buildings .
3 Have you thought there could be but a single supreme ?
For dairy farmers shorter courses were run but travel could still be considerable and some found it very difficult to attend . 
There they all sat in a great circle around him , each where he felt safe , but where he could see , and every one of them laughing and making fun of Buster .
He didn't smoke and could not light fires with a flintless lighter ; ;
I could hear Alfred's voice a few words behind Meltzer's like a counterpoint , punctuated by sobs of sorrow and resignation .
But who could show a cheek like Queequeg ?
Delight that she could be stirred by another person . 
When the solution finally came to him , one night while he was in bed , he was so shaken by its simplicity that he could only wonder why it had not occurred to him before .
LEE WEARS a shiny nylon jacket that 's on loan from the Sir Alf Ramsey estate , and cheesy sports pants that look as if they could walk home on their own . 
The concentration of power in the hands of the managers of the largest companies could not be seen as a necessary bulwark against the power of the state . 
She had thought of so many ways of greeting Brett ; now all she could do was to crouch on her knees by his bed and hold her face level with his while tears poured from her eyes . 
And they could not in three days expound the riddle .
For the sake of clarity , it is important to analyse what role electoral reform could have played , and did play , in the election campaign . 
`` Does any sane Democrat believe that Mr. Hearst , a person unknown even to his constituency and his colleagues , without a word or act in the public life of his country , past or present , that can be shown to be his to commend him , could by any possibility be elected President of the United States ? ?
Surely now his beloved son could rest in peace .
Sometimes they also carried stars because , at night , after one of the cloud towers had gone up , the nomes could sometimes see new stars moving across the sky . 
Naturally , the man who had wooed the beautiful Denice Lewis and could also count the exotic Pamella Bordes among his friends was delighted at this turn of events . 
How ironic now to think that she 'd planned the event partly to prove she was capable of organising something major -- to show Adam she could pull off a real coup .
I could think of you only as one who had yielded , who had given me up , who had been influenced by any one rather than by me .
Despite new regulations , there are still plenty of materials in most homes which could produce lethal fumes if fire broke out . 
Pentagon officials determined that one giant C-130 Hercules cargo plane could carry $ 2 billion in shrink-wrapped bricks of $ 100 bills .
For example , if x=4 , and there were 20 labelled cells in a population of 1000 cells , it could be assumed that the cell population represented 20/4 , or five hemicrypts . 
Without a doubt , there was no pier and no conspicuous palm , and I could almost swear there was no break in the reef .
But as he passed the crossroads and came to that part of the road that wound down into Chesney he could n't help recalling the man he had seen skipping among the trees . 
How else could they come ?"
A catalyst that could convert methane to methanol or larger unsaturated hydrocarbons directly and at low temperatures would be of enormous commercial interest .
Though Watson carefully ignored the man , he could not deny his presence .
The league organizers seem more a fit with a convention next door of young aerobics instructors in leotards than the beefy union leaders ; `` I wish I could go work out , '' says a slim activist .
Mrs . Weston had set off to pay the visit in a good deal of agitation herself ; and in the first place had wished not to go at all at present , to be allowed merely to write to Miss Fairfax instead , and to defer this ceremonious call till a little time had passed , and Mr . Churchill could be reconciled to the engagement ' s becoming known ; as , considering every thing , she thought such a visit could not be paid without leading to reports :-- but Mr . Weston had thought differently ; he was extremely anxious to shew his approbation to Miss Fairfax and her family , and did not conceive that any suspicion could be excited by it ; or if it were , that it would be of any consequence ; for " such things ," he observed , " always got about ."
But if the theory was mathematically consistent and always gave predictions that agreed with observations , we could be reasonably confident that it was the right one . 
Here lay Duncan , His Siluer skinne , lac ' d with His Golden Blood , And his gash ' d Stabs , look ' d like a Breach in Nature , For Ruines wastfull entrance : there the Murtherers , Steep ' d in the Colours of their Trade ; their Daggers Vnmannerly breech ' d with gore : who could refraine , That had a heart to loue ; and in that heart , Courage , to make ' s loue knowne ?
It was the most serious warning yet to the Muslim-led government army that it too could be hit by NATO air strikes , thus far directed only at the Bosnian Serbs .
It seemed crazy that she could n't ask outright -- claim the relationship which was almost certainly hers . 
But she could not be long ungrateful ; he was sacrificing an engagement at a gunsmith ' s , to be of use to her ; and she set off with him , with no feeling but gratitude apparent .
4 : 15 Then a spirit passed before my face ; the hair of my flesh stood up : 4 : 16 It stood still , but I could not discern the form thereof : an image was before mine eyes , there was silence , and I heard a voice , saying , 4 : 17 Shall mortal man be more just than God ?
Having made the appointment with the stranger , he asks casually : ` And do you think you could bring a canister of demerara sugar with you ? " 
What had been an unmanageably powerful introject was now , despite its continuing charge of energy disconcerting to me , sufficiently within control of her ego that she could use it to show me what this introjected mother was like .
His light eyes swept in quick appraisal from her new hairstyle to the sandals which graced her nyloned feet , before he opened the door leading to the patio , standing back so she could precede him . 
Nothing could be further from the truth than Kate Millett 's accusation that Freud believed that women 's destiny was a simple outcome of their biology . 
At best only an approximation could be arrived at .
No one could dislike them , I thought .
In his concept there could be no one else present .
We do not know , therefore , whether he had himself been repelled by an arid scholastic theology that so frequently reduced ` God " to an idea that our limited minds could grasp .
13 : 6 And the land was not able to bear them , that they might dwell together : for their substance was great , so that they could not dwell together .
An attacking enemy could be allowed to break through the outer gates and would find that he was surrounded by walls and towers which were every bit as impregnable as those outside .
and he was to go before :-- but still was to be seen again ere I could perish -- How ' s that ?-- There ' s a riddle now might baffle all the lawyers backed by the ghosts of the whole line of judges :-- like a hawk ' s beak it pecks my brain .
After all , she did n't own Piers Morrison , he could talk to just whomever he pleased , and she was in no mood to hear any amused remarks from him afterwards about jealousy . 
Her care and attention could not be questioned ; they were , in fact , only too great .
Quite wonderful how she does her hair !-- No hairdresser from London I think could .-- Ah !
If Lithuania decides to formally charge Lileikis , the U.S. government could go ahead with procedures to extradite him to the Baltic coast nation , where he could stand trial as soon as this year .
He was afraid not even Miss Woodhouse "-- he stopt a moment --" or Miss Smith could inspire him ."
The little old woman and the little old man ran after him as fast as they could , but he just laughed , and shouted ,--
She told him that she could have stayed onstage for hours , that it had been he most exhilarating experience of her life . 
Marianne spoke inconsiderately what she really felt -- but when she saw how much she had pained Edward , her own vexation at her want of thought could not be surpassed by his .
Days began early and ended late so that maximum distances could be travelled .
The landlord was near spraining his wrist , and I told him for heaven ' s sake to quit -- the bed was soft enough to suit me , and I did not know how all the planing in the world could make eider down of a pine plank .
So all I could do was to prance about waving flashcards and realia like a second-rate conjuror at a children 's party , and try not to glance at my watch more than once a minute . 
Even if the brain were designed so that components could be easily removed , there is the issue of what we can conclude about the functions of its components from knowing the effects of removing one of them . 
Stirling envisaged a much larger force of raiders with a permanent base deep in the desert , supplied by air , which could descend at will on the coastal lifeline of the Axis forces .
And on one occasion in the gymnasium , I turned round to look at a boy behind me and the master was there and he smacked me with the flat of his hand as hard as he could . 
As we saw in the last chapter , a study in William Dement 's laboratory verified that external stimuli could indeed be incorporated into dreams during REM sleep . 
He chose a five percent discount rate table and in my opinion nobody could fault such a choice . 
Business as usual pledge while City clear-up goes onBuildings face demolition : Staples Corner flyover could be closed for year 
1 : 19 And the LORD was with Judah ; and he drave out the inhabitants of the mountain ; but could not drive out the inhabitants of the valley , because they had chariots of iron .
Moreover , the reductions in ozone itself could produce some positive feedback by further reducing the radiative heating and hence the temperature of the lower stratosphere . 
He once flattered himself that , when his trade of selling fish failed him , he could readily engage in some other ; but he now found , to his mortification , that what Francisco ' s father said proved true : " In all trades the best fortune to set up with is a good character ."
Richard 's disregard for their cherished customs of inheritance threatened them all , directly or indirectly , and provided a cause to which all could rally in defence of the right order of their world . 
Now the first phase of recovery -- strapping the lowest loggia with five steel bands between four and 16 inches thick -- could be completed by Easter . 
Could the event of the disclosure bear an equal resemblance !-- But of that , unfortunately , there could be no chance .
Ahead I could see the rest of my party plodding towards the final slope that leads to the west ( main ) summit . 
She could barely feel the pedals beneath her feet . 
With any luck at all he could easily find a flowerpot .
Or you could hope the parachute wouldn't open just so you could say you saw it not open , not because you meant any harm to Starkey Poe in his suit of red underwear , but mainly because you were tired of being an old maid -- a thing which cannot admit when it thinks it might be pregnant , but must stand the dizzy feeling all alone and go on like everything is all right instead of being able to say to somebody in a normal voice : `` I think I'm pregnant '' .
But he could feel her trembling with excitement , even through the incessant and stupefying vibration of walls , floor and ceiling . 
The evil of the actual disparity in their ages ( and Mr . Woodhouse had not married early ) was much increased by his constitution and habits ; for having been a valetudinarian all his life , without activity of mind or body , he was a much older man in ways than in years ; and though everywhere beloved for the friendliness of his heart and his amiable temper , his talents could not have recommended him at any time .
But could it not be argued that the RSPCA , and others who carry out such a praiseworthy activity , are interfering with the natural selection process ? 
My only doubt is , whether anything could persuade him to leave his parish .
Next year we will extract over 2.5 million tonnes of coal and could well be British Coal 's largest contract supplier by 1994 , " claims John Chance , ` but there is no room for complacency in an industry which is very much at a watershed . " 
Lodging as I did in Bond Street , there was hardly a day in which I did not catch a glimpse of one or other of you ; and nothing but the most constant watchfulness on my side , a most invariably prevailing desire to keep out of your sight , could have separated us so long .
She could be pilfering on a grand scale -- computer control is beyond the ken of most people in this establishment , I should think . 
My peg top evening gown -- my beautiful cerise lace -- I could end up having to rethink the whole collection ! " 
As the murmuring and gasps of surprise broke out around him he would not , could not , join in .
In this manner they had continued about a quarter of an hour , when Marianne , whose nerves could not then bear any sudden noise , was startled by a rap at the door .
Although his manner appeared reserved on first meeting , he could be a genial , friendly , and charming companion . 
Three copies of the video are due to each of you , and I wonder if you could let me know what format and standard you would like these to be supplied in ? 
` I 've just about heard of her , but I could tell she 's famous , just by the way she sits and holds her head and moves . " 
He did not waste a word of it ; upon my conscience , I wrote it all -- though I ' ll engage you didn ' t think I could write a good thing .
' I could tell you my adventures -- beginning from this morning ,' said Alice a little timidly : ' but it ' s no use going back to yesterday , because I was a different person then .'
Corkscrew could make but very blundering excuses for himself and , conscious of guilt , he turned pale , and appeared so much more terrified than butlers usually appear when detected in a lie , that Mrs . Pomfret resolved , as she said , to sift the matter to the bottom .
She could not even remember exactly how Tristram had phrased his reference to the document he meant to send to Beatrix . 
Smoking is known to be an important risk factor for development of squamous carcinomas of the oesophagus in the Western world and thus could be a likely candidate for adenocarcinomatous change .
Katherine could feel his anguish , and for the second time that day the tears slid down her cheeks . 
I knew that three or four of them were almost always present in the hall , but what they were doing , and exactly where , I could not tell .
Obsidian is a hard , vitreous volcanic rock , which could be fashioned into tools for cutting and stabbing .
They could not forget that the American government had already backed away from some of its more liberal inclinations on postwar world economic development in the face of various domestic pressure groups . 
Though crippled , he managed to give any woman in his presence the conviction that she was delicate , helpless , and ultra-decorative , and could rely on him to shelter her from life 's cruel blows .
`` Skolman's jammed in every table he could find .
All the slaves joined in requesting that they be allowed to delay their departure until the end of the planting season , so that they could get in `` their own little produce '' .
It does not cause cancer , heart disease , asthma or bronchitis , but until recently it could only be ingested along with several hundred non-addictive , non-soothing but highly toxic chemicals . 
Dorothy could perhaps fax it up , cos I I had it typed out yesterday so we could , do it . 
Her skin was stretched so tight that her cheekbones stuck out , and if looks could kill , Wally would have been dead .
Why , Rory , I did not think you could make so good a song .
I had known this lady for many years and could claim to have had a friendly relationship with her . 
That I could forget the mockers and insults !
Whether he were overhearing too , she could not determine .
There was consciousness , animation , and warmth ; there was every thing which her countenance or manner could ever have wanted .-- She came forward with an offered hand ; and said , in a low , but very feeling tone ,
He had diverted himself with running up and downstairs , whipping the bannisters with it , as he thought he could convert it to no better use ; and , with his usual carelessness , he at last left it hanging just where he happened to throw it when the dinner bell rang .
DeVore returned the bow , then turned , intrigued , wondering what it was about the boy that could so thoroughly spook the seemingly-imperturbable Douglas . 
In the 1930s and 1940s research on one large mollusc , the squid , revealed that it had truly giant nerve axons , which could be dissected out individually and were big enough to insert electrodes into .
But the Dutch had become worried that they could not keep him in custody when U. S. authorities hurriedly sought charges under laws covering crimes against Americans overseas .
Here were the secret histories , the stories behind the stories , the truths so terrible they could only be written as fiction , the chronicles of the insane , the lives of the damned . 
The difference of Harriet at Mrs . Goddard ' s , or in London , made perhaps an unreasonable difference in Emma ' s sensations ; but she could not think of her in London without objects of curiosity and employment , which must be averting the past , and carrying her out of herself .
They shackled my legs so that I could not run . 
Then , when Morgenzon was incorporated in 1908 , the farmer who owned the land stipulated that only whites could reside in town ; blacks could work there , but they had to leave at night .
He had a heart for either of the Miss Musgroves , if they could catch it ; a heart , in short , for any pleasing young woman who came in his way , excepting Anne Elliot .
With talk of sweetbreads and liver and fillet she captivated him -- I could n't quite see how she did it . 
They describe it as a terrifying ordeal and although it was around two o'clock in the morning , they say a number of people were in the area and could help their search for the rapist . 
Similarly , one organization 's central group was instrumental in acquiring a strong user authentication system to help ensure that network use could be reliably traced to the individual users .
He stopped at Highbury , at the Bates ' s , I fancy , some time -- and then came on hither ; but was in such a hurry to get back to his uncle , to whom he is just now more necessary than ever , that , as I tell you , he could stay with us but a quarter of an hour .-- He was very much agitated -- very much , indeed -- to a degree that made him appear quite a different creature from any thing I had ever seen him before .-- In addition to all the rest , there had been the shock of finding her so very unwell , which he had had no previous suspicion of -- and there was every appearance of his having been feeling a great deal ."
And she began thinking over all the children she knew that were of the same age as herself , to see if she could have been changed for any of them .
If there had been a decline , it could be blamed on social factors : ` We have witnessed a diminishing of collectivist morality because of the promotion of this nonsensical notion of the individual . 
It is not hard to find suitable populations of bodies that could give rise to the observed range of crater sizes today -- more on this in section 6.4 and in Chapter 8 . 
But what you must not do ( and could conceivably lay yourself open to legal proceedings by doing ) is to quote exactly and at some length . 
There was a lot of symbolism connected with Piggy in the book : his glasses were a symbol for sight and wisdom ; as when Piggy took them off he could neither think nor see properly .
Carlo ' s father could draw plans in architecture neatly ; and pleased with the eagerness Francisco showed to receive instruction , he willingly put a pencil and compasses into his hand , and taught him all he knew himself .
Having perfected each manoeuvre in the flat water , I could then sail down the estuary to the open sea and practise what I had learned on the waves .
She considered it as an act of indispensable duty to clear away the claims of creditors with all the expedition which the most comprehensive retrenchments could secure , and saw no dignity in anything short of it .
Against that other man he could rally his anger ; ;
She could feel the relief welling inside her . 
One could imagine him in the witness box , speaking in a dull monotone , taking his time to answer counsel 's questions and giving clear , unshakable explanations or admitting his ignorance plainly . 
Elinor thought she could distinguish a large W in the direction ; and no sooner was it complete than Marianne , ringing the bell , requested the footman who answered it to get that letter conveyed for her to the two - penny post .
Or so the story says , quoting five experts in support along the way , before swerving abruptly to a `` to be sure '' 11th paragraph that says Y2K preparedness `` posed an enormous distraction , soaking up time and money that might have been plowed into projects with a more immediate payoff , '' and that `` much of the investment went to inoculate older technology against the computer bug rather than to embrace the newest processes that could revolutionize the way work is done . ''
They described the drawing - room window - curtains of one of the houses on this side of the way , and this part of the street , as being the handsomest and best hung of any in Bath , but could not recollect the exact number , and I have been trying to find out which it could be ; but I confess I can see no curtains hereabouts that answer their description ."
Miyazaki 's attorney 's defence of his warped client was that , for Miyazaki , video and reality had merged ; he could n't tell gory fact from gory fiction . 
She could hear the discordant thudding of her own pulse , feel the heat of his body permeating through his suit to her legs , making her all too disturbingly aware of his own arousal . 
Against her yielding flesh she could feel his heart thundering like a man who had run a marathon . 
She could easily recall his smell too , as if he were in her arms at this very moment -- an expensive cologne warmly melded with his very own Mediterranean muskiness . 
And he wrote as if he really loved her very much -- but she did not know -- and so , she was come as fast as she could to ask Miss Woodhouse what she should do .--" Emma was half - ashamed of her friend for seeming so pleased and so doubtful .
Emma could not help laughing as she answered , " Upon my word , I believe you know her quite as well as I do .-- But , Mr . Knightley , are you perfectly sure that she has absolutely and downright _accepted_ him .
'' As Hurricane Floyd was coming our way , I booked a room near Atlanta , so we could get the heck out of here , '' the aggrieved Ms .
Would the man with an empty life boat row away from a shipwreck because his boat could not pick up everyone ? ?
A spokesman for the Comex could n't be reached to comment .
The protesters point out that Galileo also could crash to Earth then .
In Bailiffs of Dunwich v. Sterry , the plaintiffs had the right to wrecks at Dunwich and the defendant took a cask of whisky from a wreck before the plaintiffs could get it . 
Could he honestly believe it would be good for Carla to have those old prophets gripping her imagination now ? ?
Balcha entered Harar and his troops massacred such Muslims as they could find within the walls . 
Which American ambassadors could provide helpful advice ? ?
_There_ , indeed , lay real pleasure , for there she was giving up the sweetest hours of the twenty - four to his comfort ; and feeling that , unmerited as might be the degree of his fond affection and confiding esteem , she could not , in her general conduct , be open to any severe reproach .
For a long time he could only find two Yiddish words traditionally used by Jews in such circumstances : `` Oi vey . ''
Eventually the committee agreed to defer a decision to see if the school could team up with neighbouring villages to boost numbers . 
Well , one day we lowered for a pod of four or five whales , and my boat fastened to one of them ; a regular circus horse he was , too , that went milling and milling round so , that my boat ' s crew could only trim dish , by sitting all their sterns on the outer gunwale .
Fanny , rejoicing in her escape , and proud of the ready wit that had procured it , wrote the next morning to Lucy , to request her company and her sister ' s , for some days , in Harley Street , as soon as Lady Middleton could spare them .
Oh , could it be ? ?
Junior Chamber also provides the chance to make friends in a lively atmosphere and could be one of the reasons why the Aberdeen branch has approximately 75 members .
One day they lived entirely on bread-and-butter and tea , but the next morning Breeze received an unexpected half-crown from the sour old witch , Miss Martindale , who could n't cope with her spring-cleaning single-handed .
He went to the Center Township Trustee for food stamps until he could find a job and a place to live .
Borislav Herak , 21 , and Sretko Damjanovic , 30 , could face a firing squad if found guilty of the charges at their trial in the besieged Bosnian capital of Sarajevo .
In connection with our continuing development of new and more efficient mill machinery , a sounder U. S. income tax policy on depreciation of production equipment , enabling the mills to charge off the cost of new machines on a more realistic basis , could , if adopted , have favorable effects on Leesona's business in the next few years .
" The popular vision of climate apocalypse is wrong " according to Patrick Michaels of the University of Virginia , who suggests one effect of the trend , if it continues , could be longer growing seasons . 
20 : 26 And they could not take hold of his words before the people : and they marvelled at his answer , and held their peace .
Mr. Marinaro could n't immediately be reached for comment .
Trouble was I could never run very quickly , and I can not imagine what I would have done if I had been chased by the bull . 
Emma remained very well pleased with this beginning of the acquaintance , and could now engage to think of them all at Randalls any hour of the day , with full confidence in their comfort .
Beneath him with new wonder now he views , To all delight of human sense exposed , In narrow room , Nature ' s whole wealth , yea more , A Heaven on Earth : For blissful Paradise Of God the garden was , by him in the east Of Eden planted ; Eden stretched her line From Auran eastward to the royal towers Of great Seleucia , built by Grecian kings , Of where the sons of Eden long before Dwelt in Telassar : In this pleasant soil His far more pleasant garden God ordained ; Out of the fertile ground he caused to grow All trees of noblest kind for sight , smell , taste ; And all amid them stood the tree of life , High eminent , blooming ambrosial fruit Of vegetable gold ; and next to life , Our death , the tree of knowledge , grew fast by , Knowledge of good bought dear by knowing ill . Southward through Eden went a river large , Nor changed his course , but through the shaggy hill Passed underneath ingulfed ; for God had thrown That mountain as his garden - mould high raised Upon the rapid current , which , through veins Of porous earth with kindly thirst up - drawn , Rose a fresh fountain , and with many a rill Watered the garden ; thence united fell Down the steep glade , and met the nether flood , Which from his darksome passage now appears , And now , divided into four main streams , Runs diverse , wandering many a famous realm And country , whereof here needs no account ; But rather to tell how , if Art could tell , How from that sapphire fount the crisped brooks , Rolling on orient pearl and sands of gold , With mazy errour under pendant shades Ran nectar , visiting each plant , and fed Flowers worthy of Paradise , which not nice Art In beds and curious knots , but Nature boon Poured forth profuse on hill , and dale , and plain , Both where the morning sun first warmly smote The open field , and where the unpierced shade Imbrowned the noontide bowers : Thus was this place A happy rural seat of various view ; Groves whose rich trees wept odorous gums and balm , Others whose fruit , burnished with golden rind , Hung amiable , Hesperian fables true , If true , here only , and of delicious taste : Betwixt them lawns , or level downs , and flocks Grazing the tender herb , were interposed , Or palmy hillock ; or the flowery lap Of some irriguous valley spread her store , Flowers of all hue , and without thorn the rose : Another side , umbrageous grots and caves Of cool recess , o ' er which the mantling vine Lays forth her purple grape , and gently creeps Luxuriant ; mean while murmuring waters fall Down the slope hills , dispersed , or in a lake , That to the fringed bank with myrtle crowned Her crystal mirrour holds , unite their streams .
`` There was nothing else I could do '' , the maid answered , satisfied with a rather vague explanation .
Time , time ; if I but only had the time , I could turn him out as neat a leg now as ever ( SNEEZES ) scraped to a lady in a parlor .
Suppose he should relent And publish grace to all , on promise made Of new subjection ; with what eyes could we Stand in his presence humble , and receive Strict laws imposed , to celebrate his throne With warbled hymns , and to his Godhead sing Forced hallelujahs , while he lordly sits Our envied sovereign , and his altar breathes Ambrosial odours and ambrosial flowers , Our servile offerings ?
He could only plead an ignorance of his own heart , and a mistaken confidence in the force of his engagement .
To restrain him as much as might be , by her own manners , she was immediately preparing to speak with exquisite calmness and gravity of the weather and the night ; but scarcely had she begun , scarcely had they passed the sweep - gate and joined the other carriage , than she found her subject cut up -- her hand seized -- her attention demanded , and Mr . Elton actually making violent love to her : availing himself of the precious opportunity , declaring sentiments which must be already well known , hoping -- fearing -- adoring -- ready to die if she refused him ; but flattering himself that his ardent attachment and unequalled love and unexampled passion could not fail of having some effect , and in short , very much resolved on being seriously accepted as soon as possible .
You see what you could do , is you could go on the Friday and I could pick you up Saturday evening . 
`` Janice , could you possibly go over and make sure everything's all right ? ?
The conclusive proof that the horse was being unconsciously cued by the questioner emerged when it was shown that if the questioner was ignorant of the answer to the question , the horse could not provide one either . 
They thought the old men would die and the young men be so ill and weary that they could not bring up families , and so the race would dwindle away .
He liked very much to have his friends come and see him ; and from various united causes , from his long residence at Hartfield , and his good nature , from his fortune , his house , and his daughter , he could command the visits of his own little circle , in a great measure , as he liked .
I could n't think of anything worse and suggested she tear the plan up .
No ortholog of the nocturnin genes could be found in the C. elegans genome ( although completely sequenced ) , thus strongly suggesting that there is no such gene in this species .
But the feelings of the past could not be recalled .-- Nothing could restore him with a faith unbroken -- a character unblemished , to Marianne .
A standard disc could contain only 25 seconds of video . 
`` I have plenty of odd moments when I could be doing something '' , Maggie said .
Before I could do anything , two medics came sprinting along the path from the direction of the big house . 
Could you comment on whether you could live with an expanded requirement , er in South Ryedale ? 
She could do without his censure . 
Going downstairs with the tray , Winston wished he could have given in to Miss Ada , but he knew better than to do what she said when she had that little-girl look .
I have been asked to enquire if we could hold meetings of our national Council at your hotel on a regular basis . 
She could feel her skin tingling with delighted response . 
After listening to this full description of Mr Elliot , Anne could not but express some surprise at Mrs Smith ' s having spoken of him so favourably in the beginning of their conversation .
Marc 's beautiful bronze limbs weighted her down , and she squirmed surreptitiously without waking him in order to change her position so that she could look at him properly . 
Their solidarity against the world overrode internal tensions , and history was not a field in which one practitioner could win renown by criticizing his fellows . 
He could have applied moral terms to the material objects of her environment .
Neither she nor other real-estate executives and brokers could project how much less Marina properties might bring , but she said the two-tier price structure would affect prices `` for a while . ''
The full potential of diamonds , as of their coloured counterparts , could be displayed only when Late Medieval lapidaries had learned the art of cutting them . 
Then the mechanics take him for a mechanic , And the soldiers suppose him to be a soldier , and the sailors that he has follow ' d the sea , And the authors take him for an author , and the artists for an artist , And the laborers perceive he could labor with them and love them , No matter what the work is , that he is the one to follow it or has follow ' d it , No matter what the nation , that he might find his brothers and sisters there .
He said contributions also could be mailed to Post Office Box 553 , Warren Village Station .
Now if I were back up there in the Great Woods I could have all I could eat .
Turnbull could not remember any particular doctors in his decidedly healthy existence .
He produced a full bottle of whisky from his briefcase , poured out three tumblerfuls , and asked if he could have the television on .
William shouted something to Grace but she could not hear him -- the sounds of the wind and the sea were too loud , too terrible . 
Anne had the whole history of all that such an evening could supply from Lady Russell .
` We held a Victorian Fair at the weekend and many people who previously lived in the town and were back visiting could n't believe how much it has deteriorated . " 
Isabella and Caroline knew them again instantly ; and as the cross which Isabella had made on each of them was still visible through a magnifying glass , there could be no possibility of doubt .
Harold Jones , Lincoln 's chief retail banking officer , said there has n't yet been `` a discernible response , '' although the ad included a coupon that could arrive later in the week .
While ` real police work " , crime , was almost non-existent , other dogsbody incidents could provide a measure of relief . 
Owen had borrowed for the day some skilled police trackers , men who could follow a trail , or a man , even through the crowded streets of Cairo . 
The biggest landowners , who could best afford to erect new dwellings with a reasonable standard of construction and sanitation , had the least incentive to do so -- indeed , as the principal local ratepayers they might easily penalize themselves by attracting workers who could later apply for poor relief . 
The possibility that parts of the business could be sold off as a going concern should not be overlooked .
Nothing more could be got out of him until the cab swept round the corner by the Hotel Saint Louis , where they got out , and he led the party up a side lane already in deep shadow with the growing dusk .
Three days later , in the clear water , we could still see all of it , festering slowly . 
VOLUNTEERS who use their own cars to ferry people to hospital from remote parts of the North-East could face a hefty tax bill in future . 
She walked down a stone staircase to a basement where you could hang your coat . 
Other acts sought to prohibit as far as possible corrupt practices and limited the amount of money a candidate could spend on election expenses . 
He could not help , even unconsciously , asking himself all the questions that there were to be asked , and answering as many of them as he could ; all that went on like his breathing or circulation .
Even if Europeans could agree on which institution to rely for their future defence , would Europe 's armies be ready for a fray ?
And sometimes , when the heaviest boulders thumped to the ground , I could feel the reverberations jolting the house . 
The parks and main avenue were awash with trees in full blossom , and when she looked back up towards the farm she could see patches of cloudy pink where the apple trees were in bloom . 
When he heard of a Kaiser talking in an after-dinner speech about ` my friend the Sultan " he was astonished , and could have rent his garments .
2 : 47 The king answered unto Daniel , and said , Of a truth it is , that your God is a God of gods , and a Lord of kings , and a revealer of secrets , seeing thou couldest reveal this secret .
He could n't wait to get back to the station and brag about how he 'd seen him . 
they just sat back on their haunches and cried for more , as though they could never get enough .
and by the second night he was in a state of panic : he could see nothing out of the afflicted eye .
uh he possibly could have uh won that election had it not been for some of the
Sir John told Mrs Kennedy he could not give precise figures of what job opportunities would arise from the transfer . 
It seemed to Harry that there was nothing he could usefully say to this bewildering and terrifying man , and indeed that he was not required to speak . 
Lawrence could not put his finger on it precisely , and this worried him .
Charles shewed himself at the window , all was ready , their visitor had bowed and was gone , the Miss Musgroves were gone too , suddenly resolving to walk to the end of the village with the sportsmen : the room was cleared , and Anne might finish her breakfast as she could .
We came on as soon as we could '' .
You would hardly think , would you , that a poor woman who worked in a laundry could be much of a friend to them ?
He would say the most terrific things to his crew , in a tone so strangely compounded of fun and fury , and the fury seemed so calculated merely as a spice to the fun , that no oarsman could hear such queer invocations without pulling for dear life , and yet pulling for the mere joke of the thing .
I believe ," she added in a low voice , " he would have been very glad to have had me , if he could .
21 : 30 But David could not go before it to enquire of God : for he was afraid because of the sword of the angel of the LORD .
Pretty soon Ol ' Mistah Buzzard came dropping down out of the blue , blue sky and took a seat on a convenient dead tree , where he could see all that went on .
Archer at least thought them long , for he was impatient till his voice could be heard .
In Cogan and Leak , it was held that a husband could be liable for rape if he forced his wife to have sexual intercourse with a third party who was unaware of her lack of consent .
Knightley .--" Robert Martin ' s manners have sense , sincerity , and good - humour to recommend them ; and his mind has more true gentility than Harriet Smith could understand ."
It should be noted that although some mouse ESTs do match in BLAST searches , suggesting the existence of a murine 3635 protein , its C-terminal region could not be predicted in its entirety because of the lack of corresponding overlapping ESTs or genomic sequences .
When gliding by the Bashee isles we emerged at last upon the great South Sea ; were it not for other things , I could have greeted my dear Pacific with uncounted thanks , for now the long supplication of my youth was answered ; that serene ocean rolled eastwards from me a thousand leagues of blue .
Zurachina was in the next room ; Burun could hear her ordering the slaves to unpack the boxes of bed linen . 
But wherefore could not I pronounce Amen ?
Michael certainly could not have given any sort of rational account of this vast unmeaning satisfaction which soaked through him and filled him to the brim .
He had already become used to Hesperus' snapping back answers to questions almost before Jack could get them asked .
They knew that anything , even Alice , could advance over them like bulldozers , crush them to bits . 
In the past , firms not authorised for investment business could feel fairly secure in the knowledge that if they did stray into it they would only be investigated in the event of a complaint .
Her parents say no-one warned them that the drug , Pre , could affect the immune system , making Lexie more susceptible to infection . 
Hatred of the ` officer clique " responsible , and shock that such treachery could occur were equally common responses . 
But she could hear of no situation that at once answered her notions of comfort and ease , and suited the prudence of her eldest daughter , whose steadier judgment rejected several houses as too large for their income , which her mother would have approved .
Turnbull was in the little house behind him , demolishing the end of an early breakfast and humming a tune to himself , which could be heard through the open window .
The child ' s situation put the visit entirely aside ; but she could not hear of her escape with indifference , even in the midst of the serious anxiety which they afterwards felt on his account .
But if he was the real thing , he could do something about Lolly .
On some , the roofs were so flimsy they could pull them off with rakes alone .
That some men did not want it he could understand .
The victims could be blamed and punished with impunity . 
He was some little time before he could perfectly believe that what he heard was true ; but the revived smiles of his wife , the noisy joy of his little boys , and the satisfaction that shone in Susan ' s countenance , convinced him that he was not in a dream .
She sat in a corner of the playroom , dressed in the brown serge dress and white apron she had been given , and tried to think how she could run away . 
The three-year period , for example , between the death of Eorpwald and the accession of Sigeberht , could signify that Sigeberht succeeded in the third year after Eorpwald 's assassination . 
said Sophy ; " and what has this to do with ' could ' and ' should '?
The infrared emission could then be assumed to originate at the surface of the moon , while the radio emission originates at some depth beneath the surface , where the temperature variation due to solar radiation is reduced in amplitude and shifted in phase .
Nobody could tell .
Perhaps we could dine and talk ? " 
She leaned away from him as far as she could go . 
Mr . Weston might be his son ' s superior .-- In spite of this little rub , however , Emma was smiling with enjoyment , delighted to see the respectable length of the set as it was forming , and to feel that she had so many hours of unusual festivity before her .-- She was more disturbed by Mr . Knightley ' s not dancing than by any thing else .-- There he was , among the standers - by , where he ought not to be ; he ought to be dancing ,-- not classing himself with the husbands , and fathers , and whist - players , who were pretending to feel an interest in the dance till their rubbers were made up ,-- so young as he looked !-- He could not have appeared to greater advantage perhaps anywhere , than where he had placed himself .
A police spokeswoman said they could not confirm reports of a second bag snatch from a another woman 's car just a few minutes later . 
The inspector duly obliged , but when the couple tried to get off he barred them , explaining that on the cheapest ticket they could travel to Leeds and back -- but not leave the train . 
Other birds you could see along this stretch include oystercatchers with their black and white plumage , bright orange bills and piping call , black headed gulls , kestrels and of course mute swans . 
Could I wish humanity different ?
Observing that the effective school can help the disadvantaged child to make use of the opportunities schools provide , the report also commented upon the scale of the contribution which the effective school could make . 
It could only be assumed that the prints were obtained in a clandestine manner .
Other analysts say the Indian leader could retain control with a slim majority or be forced to rule as the dominant partner in a coalition with other parties .
What could my friend reply to this ? 
We have already agreed that secrecy may be necessary , and we must acknowledge that it could not be maintained if their correspondence were to pass through Sir John ' s hands ."
But it was not immediately that an opportunity of doing so could be commanded , though Lucy was as well disposed as herself to take advantage of any that occurred ; for the weather was not often fine enough to allow of their joining in a walk , where they might most easily separate themselves from the others ; and though they met at least every other evening either at the park or cottage , and chiefly at the former , they could not be supposed to meet for the sake of conversation .
The officials warned that stopping the airstrikes before the city falls could encourage Kadafi loyalists , who are waging an increasingly desperate battle to hold the coastal enclave .
The bondage endurable by an oral poet is to be estimated only by a very skilful oral poet , but it appears safe to assume that no sustained narrative in rhyme could be composed without extreme difficulty , even in a language of many terminal inflections .
Could he feel the vibration in her shoulders from her heart , hammering like a piston behind her breastbone ? 
To a degree , I could contradict this instantly ; but , when I began to reflect that others might have felt the same -- her own family , nay , perhaps herself -- I was no longer at my own disposal .
He had learned to bear their ridicule without so much as a tear , but the names Sweetheart called him when she was really angry could make his body hurt like a bad pain on the inside . 
He could tell them his fears of being involved , he could explain what had happened in the old neighborhood and how Mae had misunderstood and how she had held it over him -- the scene was complete in his mind at the moment , even to his own jerkings and snivelings , and Ferguson's silent patience .
Here was what was called the American dream , namely , the effort to build a structure which would be something new in history and to do so in such fashion that God could bless it .
But it was only for a second , and then he was scurrying off as fast as a frightened Squirrel could .
You could n't fault her out there . 
He could not forgive her , but he could not be unfeeling .
Consequential loss can be where delay or loss of a letter or package could involve you in additional expense over and above its actual value .
On the other hand a child who was brought up to be bilingual in French and English or who had a natural facility for ` picking up " languages could romp through his spoken French grades and have reached the top by the time he was 16 , while perhaps having achieved lower grades both in written French and in other more literary aspects of the subject . 
said the Queen , pointing to the three gardeners who were lying round the rosetree ; for , you see , as they were lying on their faces , and the pattern on their backs was the same as the rest of the pack , she could not tell whether they were gardeners , or soldiers , or courtiers , or three of her own children .
He bellowed something which Jess could n't catch , but she knew his rage was at a peak . 
On shore , dogs marked and asses brayed : Sara could see the people outside their tumbledown houses and could hear the voices of women bargaining with traders . 
However , this could halve the workforce and on one farm in Wales a young couple with a 10-months old child had a workload of 923 s.m.d. which demanded very full participation by the wife .
" Papa ," she said , all out of breath , " do you think we could have made a mistake about my garden ?
They could hear the pony's feet on the dry leaves for a while , then the sound faded out .
Even the thought of this plan seemed dreadful to Mildred , who could see how such a course of action was fraught with danger , but there really was no alternative if she was to help the frog-magician . 
He could do that when he would be a man .
She had not had an answer from Ellen but she could not wait . 
She felt for Harriet , with pain and with contrition ; but no flight of generosity run mad , opposing all that could be probable or reasonable , entered her brain .
Blood gushed from his nose , and he backed off as rapidly as he could , stumbling over his own feet in his frantic haste to get away from Curt's fists .
The combination of these two measurements could be very useful in studies involving food intake in obese patients and its pharmacological regulation and also provide a clearer understanding of the physiological relationship between the stomach and appetite . 
Tetanus could be avoided by pouring warm turpentine over a wound .
Three guineas a year she thought was the highest rent for which she could venture to engage .
But only those already married could enroll in this one section .
Famous voices sang them : who could forget Bing Crosby crooning ‘ We 're going well … you can be sure of Shell ! ’ ? 
In her mind 's eye Lisa could see those hostile dark eyebrows lifting magisterially as he assured her , ` But the most important appointment you have today is with me . 
The thing that is most remarkable about day trading , though , is the almost complete absence of a coherent investment theory that could justify the practice .
41 : 8 And it came to pass in the morning that his spirit was troubled ; and he sent and called for all the magicians of Egypt , and all the wise men thereof : and Pharaoh told them his dream ; but there was none that could interpret them unto Pharaoh .
he could ride to London at any time .
4 : 14 And beholding the man which was healed standing with them , they could say nothing against it .
Other groups have acquired a pathogen or toxin and have been motivated to use it , but were penetrated by law enforcement or exposed by defectors before the attack could be carried out .
And then I put the question as pointedly as I could directly to Chiang Kai-shek : `` In America '' , I said , `` practically no one believes that you subjectively intend to re-enter the Mainland .
Alter some details of this example and it could be taking place today at Federal Express in Memphis , the Defense and Underseas Systems divisions of Honeywell in Minneapolis , a General Electric plant in Columbia , Md. , or a number of other companies .
Somehow she rose over her excitement , though , and concentrated all she could on the task at hand . 
An old man in poor health , like my rival , could not be expected to be so impressively feeble as a young actor in the prime of life .
They had not gone far before they saw the Mock Turtle in the distance , sitting sad and lonely on a little ledge of rock , and , as they came nearer , Alice could hear him sighing as if his heart would break .
Struck with this circumstance , it brought to his mind all that had passed the preceding evening , and being sure that he had no wax near the key , he began to suspect what had happened ; and he could not help recollecting what he had once heard Felix say , that " give him but a halfpenny worth of wax , and he could open the strongest lock that ever was made by hands ."
She drove fearlessly up a narrow dirt-track road that wound steeply between scented pine trees because she was still mad that Fernando could have done such a thing . 
" Here ," said he , " ended the worst of my state ; for now I could at least put myself in the way of happiness ; I could exert myself ; I could do something .
The light was filtered by the soft glass window of the thermostat thus ensuring that only light absorbed by the chlorine and not by the carbon tetrachloride could enter the reaction cell .
there he could shave and scrub himself up for the evening .
I felt shy of talking about my feelings with Terry and Tom and wished I could have half an hour alone with Brian . 
Here was a man some twenty thousand miles from home , by the way of Cape Horn , that is -- which was the only way he could get there -- thrown among people as strange to him as though he were in the planet Jupiter ; and yet he seemed entirely at his ease ; preserving the utmost serenity ; content with his own companionship ; always equal to himself .
The peaks of these helmets , however , were sharpened up with the aid of a file and ` nutting " someone whilst wearing such a weapon , he claimed , could literally chop their head off .
It 'd be good if the home crowd could sing a bit , if only to keep alive the myth that Leeds create an intimidating atmosphere . 
I have already referred to the fact that the need to move the children had been precipitated by the announcement by the friends of the family with whom the children were staying that they could not keep the children any longer . 
But whatever their collective response to coming second , no one could complain of losing to a Bath side so replete with experienced English caps and burgeoning talent . 
The attorney , brightening up , prepared to take leave ; but he could not persuade himself to take his departure without making one push at Sir Arthur about the agency .
Stevie could feel himself toppling .
Pullen 's unit moved ahead to counterattack , flanking the insurgents so they could n't escape .
He was nearly fifty and Kate could see the pity in his eyes . 
In the silence you could hear the logs crackling and the earth trickling from the pot of an overturned fern . 
More believed that a man could be both serious and gay .
It tried to jump off the table and had to be held firmly so that Sophie could freeze the surrounding area before lancing it . 
He looked as tired as a man could be and still stand upright . 
The woman apologised and hurried out of the ward before anyone could stop her . 
State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Co. , the largest home and auto insurer in California , believes the losses from the earthquake could be somewhat less than the $ 475 million in damages it expects to pay out for claims resulting from Hurricane Hugo .
Elinor , pleased to have her governed for a moment by such a motive , though believing it hardly possible that she could sit out the dinner , said no more ; and adjusting her dress for her as well as she could , while Marianne still remained on the bed , was ready to assist her into the dining room as soon as they were summoned to it .
There were the open-air vats alongside A12 where acid burned out the plutonium before the sludge could be reprocessed .
When the things were all safe in the basket again , the children expressed a desire to know how such beautiful things could be made of straw ; but the woman had not time to answer before the postillion came out of the parlour , and with him a gentleman ' s servant , who came to Paul , and clapping him upon the back , said , " So , my little chap , I gave you a guinea for a halfpenny , I hear ; and I understand you ' ve brought it back again ; that ' s right , give me hold of it ."
Concern that investors could misinterpret such readings led the American Association of Individual Investors to eliminate beta figures for precious-metals funds in the 1989 edition of its mutual-fund guide .
Lady Middleton , though in the middle of a rubber , on being informed that Marianne was unwell , was too polite to object for a moment to her wish of going away , and making over her cards to a friend , they departed as soon the carriage could be found .
If using a longer message or saying , you could insert thin decorative lines between each line of text . 
In the morning Felix , the cook ' s nephew , arrived ; and , the moment he came into the kitchen , every eye , even the scullion ' s , was fixed upon him with approbation , and afterwards glanced upon Franklin with contempt -- contempt which Franklin could not endure without some confusion , though quite unconscious of having deserved it ; nor , upon the most impartial and cool self - examination , could he comprehend the justice of his judges .
The mates regularly relieved each other at the watches , and for aught that could be seen to the contrary , they seemed to be the only commanders of the ship ; only they sometimes issued from the cabin with orders so sudden and peremptory , that after all it was plain they but commanded vicariously .
To the right rose the three swelling domes of the great Jama Masjid ; to the left you could see the ripple of small semi-domes atop the ancient Kalan Masjid .
For another minute the victory was doubtful ; but at length the setting sun , shining full in Loveit ' s face , so dazzled his eyes that he could no longer see the shuttlecock , and it fell at his feet .
" He told me at parting , that he should soon write ; and he spoke in a manner which seemed to promise me many particulars that could not be given now .
As viewers of this scene we could also have deduced something about the relationship between John and Mary from the way they were sitting together and the way they looked at each other . 
According to diplomatic sources , Baker warned that failure to address the charges could derail the peace process .
He could not help thinking that whenever the man moved a leg or arm might fall off .
She had been determined not to give anything of herself away to him , but he had succeeded in antagonising her to such a pitch that she almost could n't help herself . 
a lovely Epiphany party at Errol Flynn's , on which sacred occasion Letch stole away with an unknown `` starlet '' , leaving me `` high and dry '' to get home as best I could .
She could drive the golf cart and he could wait on tables . 
When I looked carefully I could see lots of orange fragments scattered over the sodden grass and glistening brown earth of the field . 
How could she be concerned about the choice of jam ? 
Dexter felt there was something strange about Beasley but could only place it when Lancaster 's friend raised his right hand to tug at his beard : the last two fingers were no more than withered stumps . 
I could n't move my arms or legs , my body tingled all over and I had a terrible splitting headache . 
Victoria was fourteen months younger than Quint , a head taller , and could lick any boy or girl on the beach .
If President John Kennedy could appoint brother Bobby to the post in the Sixties , why not a presidential spouse today ? 
By which the Colonel was surprised to find that SHE was considering Mr . Ferrars ' s marriage as the certain consequence of the presentation ; for he did not suppose it possible that Delaford living could supply such an income , as anybody in his style of life would venture to settle on -- and he said so .
" Yes , as long as I could bear their noise ; but they are so unmanageable that they do me more harm than good .
At this moment two people grabbed me to try to make me get up but I could not get up , so they kicked me and stamped all over me from head to toe . 
He could think of nothing else save his mental image of her nude figure and what Charles had said that morning about Margaret Rider .
Mr . Elton looked all happiness at this proposition ; and nothing could exceed his alertness and attention in conducting them into his house and endeavouring to make every thing appear to advantage .
She did not waste time thinking it could be Oliver whose quiet movement she had sensed in the bedroom . 
The motivation for our search was to see how signs might support the spoken message in schools , how deaf children could be given the benefit of the happy accident which allowed two modalities to be used simultaneously to present two languages .
" Wonder if he means me ?-- complimentary !-- poor lad !-- I could go hang myself .
But he left the doors to his office open so he could hear the music .
Germaine Meyer was wearing a sky-blue blouse that summer afternoon and Modigliani was immediately arrested by her colouring , a blend of rose and white , and asked her eagerly if he could paint her . 
Even Harriet could boldly write , `` I know not how it is ; ;
They had run away so many times that they were quite thin and very tired , and they could not run so fast any more .
In the distant past , when the genetic material was being accumulated that makes mankind what it is , nobody but a warlord lived in a dwelling he could not make himself . 
Clumps of sturdy weed grew wherever they could take a firm hold .
No smell of ale or orchards could make the Secretary cease to ask a reasonable question .
A party was formed this evening for going on the following day to see a very fine place about twelve miles from Barton , belonging to a brother - in - law of Colonel Brandon , without whose interest it could not be seen , as the proprietor , who was then abroad , had left strict orders on that head .
His mind was so full of what had passed , that he could not help bragging to Felix , whom he found awake at his return , that he could have his bill paid off at the alehouse whenever he pleased ; dropping , besides , some hints , which were not lost upon Felix .
Elinor was much more hurt by Marianne ' s warmth than she had been by what produced it ; but Colonel Brandon ' s eyes , as they were fixed on Marianne , declared that he noticed only what was amiable in it , the affectionate heart which could not bear to see a sister slighted in the smallest point .
There is therefore nothing about them to which an attitude of approval or condemnation could be fitting .
We do n't want to be party to a second rejection , '' he said , adding that coming up with a revised offer could easily take several weeks .
" Undoubtedly , if they had known your engagement ," said she , " nothing could be more flattering than their treatment of you ;-- but as that was not the case "--
Duncan could imagine their anger at being forced into another emergency manoeuvre . 
Without Gesner and the rest of the cast they could n't do a great deal , but the Maritza scenes with Freddi could be rehearsed and several other small fragments of the three old operettas .
Jimmy was silent for a while , and Cardiff could see that he was reappraising the situation .
Mrs. Hewlitt led the birthcontrol league , Mrs. Ryerson was arthritis , and way in the distance could be seen the slate roof of Ethel Littleton's house , a roof that signified gout .
The chatterbox will keep talking about anything so long as there is n't a pause where there could be an opportunity to engage brain before mouth . 
The warden and his wife , being owners of a Siamese cat , were not overjoyed to see Emily but they reluctantly fed her a saucer of milk , saying that she could stay for one night . 
But not a bit daunted , Queequeg steered us manfully ; now sheering off from this monster directly across our route in advance ; now edging away from that , whose colossal flukes were suspended overhead , while all the time , Starbuck stood up in the bows , lance in hand , pricking out of our way whatever whales he could reach by short darts , for there was no time to make long ones .
All she could see was the dark clump of shrubbery , a sodium lamp and the branches of some trees ; there was n't a living soul abroad . 
For them only a little more needed to be learned , and then all physical knowledge could be neatly sorted , packaged and put in the inventory to be drawn on for the solution of any human problem .
Old M . No , miss , no !-- open -- it was open ; for I could not find the lid in the dark -- my candle went out .
How much of an accident could that be '' ? ?
I could see it over by the wooden boards that had been nailed across Quigley 's windows . 
As always in such an undertaking , the art of organization lay in the avoidance of offending those who were not asked at a particular moment and in the ability to remember enmities and jealousies which could cause friction and poison the atmosphere if the wrong people found themselves together . 
When these groups were first formed many prominent and accomplished decorators could not have had the advantage of school training since interior design courses were rare and undeveloped during their youth .
You couldn't on the one hand decry the arts and at the same time practice them , could you ? ?
Mr Blunkett , blind from birth , said : ` He was extremely rude and abusive -- insisting we could not get in .
Every thing turns out for his good .-- He meets with a young woman at a watering - place , gains her affection , cannot even weary her by negligent treatment -- and had he and all his family sought round the world for a perfect wife for him , they could not have found her superior .-- His aunt is in the way .-- His aunt dies .-- He has only to speak .-- His friends are eager to promote his happiness .-- He had used every body ill -- and they are all delighted to forgive him .-- He is a fortunate man indeed !"
But the man spoke before his memories could collect themselves .
For the life of her she could n't fathom where funerals came into it .
But men willing to sail at all into waters where wooden ships could be crushed like eggs were hard to find .
The boy is very ready in the shop , though he said only that he could earn sixpence a day .
The question of control could further hinder long-delayed plans for the government to divest itself of Philippine Airlines , in which it has a 99 % stake .
It was predictable that another important single issue could bring the students back out of their classrooms and onto the streets . 
But Marianne abhorred all concealment where no real disgrace could attend unreserve ; and to aim at the restraint of sentiments which were not in themselves illaudable , appeared to her not merely an unnecessary effort , but a disgraceful subjection of reason to common - place and mistaken notions .
' Soles and eels , of course ,' the Gryphon replied rather impatiently : ' any shrimp could have told you that .'
Mr . Elton cared little about it , compared with his wife ; he only hoped " the young lady ' s pride would now be contented ;" and supposed " she had always meant to catch Knightley if she could ;" and , on the point of living at Hartfield , could daringly exclaim , " Rather he than I !"
But , spite of all this , I could see no compass before me to steer by ; though it seemed but a minute since I had been watching the card , by the steady binnacle lamp illuminating it .
She had many acquaintance in the place , for her father was universally civil , but not one among them who could be accepted in lieu of Miss Taylor for even half a day .
It is feared forecasted wind gusts of up to 80 km/h ( 49 Mph ) overnight could fan the first fire into the township of Winmalee as it heads East .
His profession was all that could ever make her friends wish that tenderness less , the dread of a future war all that could dim her sunshine .
` Well , could n't we sort of jump around a bit to keep warm ? " said Masklin desperately .
To be sure , she knew that the seeds could not sprout in a single night , but she had a feeling that _something_ might happen at any moment .
Even though the boy could not see them , he knew they were clouded by distance .
Patrons could drink ` American Style " , with an entire bottle of Bourbon to mark for themselves while nibbling on cinnamon bark , stuffed olives , pickled herring , cloves , or dry salt crackers . 
HUNDREDS of women could be wearing fur coats made from dog skins . 
You could rarely get a straight answer from any of them , they 'd been dodging questions about his father for so long ; evasion was a way of life with them . 
In keeping with the fast pay requirements , we also suggested that the system designs include procedures to identify first time vendors and vendors with a history of abusing fast pay.These vendors would not be eligible to participate in fast pay until the agency had satisfied itself that those vendors were worthy businesses that could be paid under fast pay .
Of if you want to separate the picture into two , you could draw a picture representing the land in the south and the land in the north . 
The make-up did a terrific job , but could n't get rid of the two deep creases that ran from the corners of her mouth to her jawline , or the network of lines on her brow . 
I could have belted him with a bicycle chain . 
Elinor could not hear the declaration , nor witness its proofs without sometimes wondering whether her mother ever recollected Edward .
Mrs Wright lifted a vase of flowers that was on a small table by the door so that she could see how much water was in . 
When the door swung open , I could see nothing but bars of light , curving together like a luminous zebra skin high above . 
There was a larder you could walk into . 
Rather , Marx argued , the nature of man could only be revealed by seeing man in society , in history , and in politics . 
The good sense of Colonel and Mrs . Campbell could not oppose such a resolution , though their feelings did .
For although I had crossed a corner of the hall on my way to the toilet I still could not tell for sure how far to the rear the darkness extended .
Fearful that they would disappear without trace , the prosecutor rearrested them before they could leave the building , and later charged them with possession of cannabis , with intent to supply . 
If we were creating a wholly new society , we could insist that our social , political , economic and philosophic institutions foster rather than hamper man ; ;
But neither could you escape the fact that it seemed specifically designed for bumping off toddlers . 
This is the finest war memorial you could set up to the men who gave their lives , their limbs , or their health , and those who lost their dear ones in the country 's cause . 
Mortimer advised him to find a linguistics expert who could advise them on the meaning of the word ` bollocks " .
In the morning we could see the lake . 
Mrs. Borden would have had no reason to disbelieve him and he could have approached close enough to her to swing before she could cry out .
Older bridges are at great risk ; they could be made safer by fitting elastic isolators where thermal expansion bearings now sit between girders and columns .
With those paintings of big constructions crashing down , he felt he could stop .
If she could have blushed , she would have .
With memories like these in him , and , moreover , given to a certain superstitiousness , as has been said ; the courage of this Starbuck which could , nevertheless , still flourish , must indeed have been extreme .
However , one particular aspect of stress could be regarded as part of intonation : this is the placement of the tonic stress within the tone-unit . 
Warning that without it and a massive programme of private investment the reform movement could fail , he cautioned that " there will be no second try " . 
Rourke could see it better out the right-hand side , and he said , `` yes .
Sheila was in complete agreement with me on this subject , and the only disadvantage we could see to living in a barracks was having men in heavy boots walking about over your head . 
The garden was overgrown , but the shape of submerged flower beds could still be seen , and the minute spears upthrusting by the house wall showed where there remained a clump of snowdrops . 
Once more a few sentences were inaudible , but they could hear him say : " To my friends -- I myself should always prefer weapons purely intellectual , and to these an evolved humanity will certainly confine itself .
The arrangement with Argiento was working well , except that sometimes Michelangelo could not figure who was master and who apprentice .
Before Jaq could respond , Meh'Lindi kicked off her slippers . 
Mayne 's plan was to take his fighting patrols out into the Great Sand Sea and establish a forward base , from which they could sally out and harass the enemy . 
In the evening , Patty could not run about as she used to do ; but she sat upon the sofa , and she said , that she did not feel the pain of her ankle SO MUCH , whilst Ben was so good as to play at JACK STRAWS with her .
You could not be quite sure where the Tree part ended and the Human part began , although nobody was sure if Tree Spirits possessed any Human blood . 
Several signers affixed their names , it was learned , after being told that no tax increase would be possible without consent of the General Assembly and that a provision could be included in the charter to have the town take over the Johnston Sanitary District sewer system .
Instead I memorized the answers , made quick notes as soon as I could , and later wrote the whole interview in my field diary .
At first his tired dulled brain could not comprehend what had happened .
morning-glory buds which could be so grasped and squeezed that they burst like a blown-up paper bag ; ;
He would ship by rail five pounds per day per animal and the other fifteen pounds that were needed could be picked up off the country .
If moody Ahab was now all quiescence , at least so far as could be known on deck , Stubb , his second mate , flushed with conquest , betrayed an unusual but still good - natured excitement .
He said people who condemned the scheme for being too extreme should remember that rules could be relaxed , while it would be unpopular to introduce more stringent byelaws after the trial . 
Now could I ( Caska ) name to thee a man , Most like this dreadfull Night , That Thunders , Lightens , opens Graues , and roares , As doth the Lyon in the Capitoll : A man no mightier then thy selfe , or me , In personall action ; yet prodigious growne , And fearefull , as these strange eruptions are
It was beginning to swell and there were signs of bruising , but she could move her fingers , although it hurt when she tried to bend her wrist . 
Milton , we could say , is here showing us the price of following God 's command . 
Smooth-haired , bright-eyed , immaculate , with the merest hint of a woody , masculine fragrance about him , he looked as if nothing could faze him . 
`` We could have shouted from the rooftops about Courter ... and no one would have heard us . ''
The labouring engines could be heard groaning like a battery of tanks . 
From Cleveland , which was within a few miles of Bristol , the distance to Barton was not beyond one day , though a long day ' s journey ; and their mother ' s servant might easily come there to attend them down ; and as there could be no occasion of their staying above a week at Cleveland , they might now be at home in little more than three weeks ' time .
When mass protests broke out in Libya on Feb. 17 , Kaim said , he was initially hopeful that some kind of accommodation could be reached with the demonstrators .
More he could take at leisure .
Angrily Martin wished they had delayed the wedding and gone on a trip -- preferably one that lasted months -- instead of deciding not to postpone the date until he could get away .
` I could go out and conquer an entire army , " he told her , bending to kiss her on the mouth .
As soon as she came to her own name , it was irresistible ; every line relating to herself was interesting , and almost every line agreeable ; and when this charm ceased , the subject could still maintain itself , by the natural return of her former regard for the writer , and the very strong attraction which any picture of love must have for her at that moment .
He could not be persuaded that so many good - looking houses as he saw around him , could not furnish numbers enough for such a meeting ; and even when particulars were given and families described , he was still unwilling to admit that the inconvenience of such a mixture would be any thing , or that there would be the smallest difficulty in every body ' s returning into their proper place the next morning .
Before he left the apartment he knocked on their door and asked if there was anything he could do for them .
But I finds him stupid and ill - mannered like , for I offered him a shilling , ma ' am , myself , to tell about the wig ; but he put it back in a way that did not become such as he , to no lady ' s butler , ma ' am ; whereupon I turns to the slim fellow ( and he ' s smarterer , and more mannerly , ma ' am , with a tongue in his head for his betters ), but he could not resolve me my question either ; for he was up at the top of the chimney the best part o ' the time : and when he came down Mr . Eden had his wig on , but had his arm all bare and bloody , ma ' am ."
and this he could do only by going over its mass with the tracing procedure .
And I griped to her about a certain person at work , I lamented the fact that we were a second-rate company when we could be a first-rate company , the usual junk . 
Barring outright acquisition of a nuclear weapon from a foreign source , Iran could pursue several other avenues for weapon development .
Nothing short of a pathetic performance by Leeds could bring about victory for the makems .
The releases could be part of China 's bid to sway the International Olympic Committee to award the 2000 Olympics to Beijing , which has made clear it will do anything to win the Games . 
She was lifted out of her perch above the engine and made for the customs shed where she asked for a mirror so that she could restore order to her wrecked coiffure before she went into Paris .
She could hardly determine what her own expectation of its event really was ; though she earnestly tried to drive away the notion of its being possible to end otherwise at last , than in the marriage of Edward and Lucy .
If you had screamed right there in the street where we stood , I could not have felt more fear .
she could get a bus to Bath , but how would she get home again ? 
Half a crown , Goody Grope said , was the least she could be content to take .
The boys all liked him , too -- and some of them resented being placed under my care because of the fun they knew they could be having next door . 
But what did such particulars explain ?-- The fact was , as Emma could now acknowledge , that Harriet had always liked Robert Martin ; and that his continuing to love her had been irresistible .-- Beyond this , it must ever be unintelligible to Emma .
The British Foreign Secretary , Palmerston , wrote in a despatch of December 1833 that there could be " No reasonable doubt … [ but ] that the Russian Govt. is intently engaged in the prosecution of those schemes of aggrandizement toward the South which , ever since the Reign of Catherine , have formed a prominent feature of Russian policy " . 
It has been said that the whale only breathes through his spout - hole ; if it could truthfully be added that his spouts are mixed with water , then I opine we should be furnished with the reason why his sense of smell seems obliterated in him ; for the only thing about him that at all answers to his nose is that identical spout - hole ; and being so clogged with two elements , it could not be expected to have the power of smelling .
For two hours they drove her from one strong point to another along the side of the Reef , trying to maneuver her onto the plain where they could get a good throw .
They ought to be setting off for Uppercross by one , and in the mean while were to be all together , and out of doors as long as they could .
the pope was playing a dangerous game , with so many balls in the air at once that a misstep would bring them all about his ears , and his only hope was to temporize so that he could take advantage of every change in the delicate balance of European affairs .
But by the tracing procedure , he could , in a strange obviously kinesthetic manner , find the unseen form ; ;
He ran to help and found that , instead of repairing it , men were thrusting what they could into carts , still under its netting . 
" What do you think she could mean ?"
In the present instance , it was sickness and poverty together which she came to visit ; and after remaining there as long as she could give comfort or advice , she quitted the cottage with such an impression of the scene as made her say to Harriet , as they walked away ,
The lady could not but yield to such joint entreaties , and promise to stay .
Emma scarcely heard what was said .-- Her mind was divided between two ideas -- her own former conversations with him about Miss Fairfax ; and poor Harriet ;-- and for some time she could only exclaim , and require confirmation , repeated confirmation .
Cleo could not understand why Dauntless was not similarly enchanted by the place . 
These beliefs must have aroused considerable anxiety among followers of Calvin : Weber suggested that believers must have experienced ` salvation panic '' , The only way to bring about a degree of calm , claimed Weber , would be to think that , like the good tree that can not bear evil fruit , people could not be successful in this world without God 's blessing .
Elinor could have given her immediate relief by suggesting the possibility of its being Miss Morton ' s mother , rather than her own , whom they were about to behold ; but instead of doing that , she assured her , and with great sincerity , that she did pity her -- to the utter amazement of Lucy , who , though really uncomfortable herself , hoped at least to be an object of irrepressible envy to Elinor .
He could n't take his eyes off Zambia 's stomach which was revealed quite plainly as SHe sat up in bed .
The question could be thought to arise of whether they are seeking revenge . 
Adultery was the sole ground , but a wife could only divorce her husband if accompanied by some other matrimonial transgression .
You must , therefore , be certain , I repeat , certain beyond reasonable doubt that Paul Menzies could have committed such an evil crime as murder . 
All Charlie could look forward to was a yellow pill at noon , a salami sandwich for lunch , and a lonely old age -- if he lived that long .
Avoid long trailing flexes wherever possible ; they are a trip hazard , and a careless foot could yank the flex out of a plug or appliance , or pull the appliance over . 
`` I couldn't write with them in the same room with me , but I could with Harold .
`` Are you referring , sir '' , asked Helva politely , `` to the Dark Age discussions of the number of angels who could stand on the head of a pin '' ? ?
Heavy fat bluebottles , so gorged , stunned by the heat that they could barely fly . 
` I could n't aid and abet you against Susan . "
We could climb to the church rock , as Harry did , but getting a prisoner down the slope again with us might be too dangerous and too slow . 
If the expected rush materializes the final total could go even higher 
The chant was so beautiful Athelstan stopped , closing his eyes to listen , until a rough-mouthed carter flicked his whip , bellowing how some men had to work and could n't laze around like stupid priests . 
Even Elena 's advice could be unwelcome when it interfered with his contemplation of the project .
She could not take her eyes off Heathcliff . 
Lithuania 's president , Mr Vytautas Landsbergis , promptly called the decree illegal , and said it could be implemented only by ` brutal armed force " . 
It was ridiculous , for the flimsy garment could give her no protection , but nevertheless she felt very vulnerable without them . 
The cook , as if somebody had smote her a deadly blow , grew pale ; but , suddenly recovering the use of her speech , turned upon Franklin , and , with a voice of thunder , gave him the lie direct ; and forthwith , taking Mrs . Pomfret by the ruffle , led the way to the dairy , declaring she could defy the world --" that so she could , and would ."
He found his belly seething and bubbling with movements he could feel quite clearly beneath his hands . 
`` Some of us wondered how our intelligence people could put so much stock in his information when he was just as close to the Cubans . ''
Regardless of whether they were analyzing existing or proposed operations , security managers told us that identifying and assessing information security risks in terms of the impact on business operations was an essential step in determining what controls were needed and what level of resources could be expended on controls .
He got on a bus and handed some money to the driver and said something I could n't hear , then disappeared upstairs .
never seemed as if it could happen to you ; ;
Heads could make better use of their time by paying attention to those encouraging little friendly attributes , searching for the successes of others and praising them shamelessly . 
Till now that she was threatened with its loss , Emma had never known how much of her happiness depended on being _first_ with Mr . Knightley , first in interest and affection .-- Satisfied that it was so , and feeling it her due , she had enjoyed it without reflection ; and only in the dread of being supplanted , found how inexpressibly important it had been .-- Long , very long , she felt she had been first ; for , having no female connexions of his own , there had been only Isabella whose claims could be compared with hers , and she had always known exactly how far he loved and esteemed Isabella .
Charlie pressed his nose against the window but could n't recognise anyone who was working inside . 
As the sharks circled closer , two dolphins appeared at her side and protected her until she reached a buoy and could climb up onto it to safety .
In each she could happily have hopped off into the side-streets with their displays of over-priced gauds but Nils had insisted on timing things right . 
This charade !-- If I had studied a twelvemonth , I could never have made any thing like it ."
I have my catapults and slings and air-rifle , and they could all be lethal in the right circumstances , but they just do n't have the long-range hitting power I really hanker after . 
The boy ' s hat was slouched , and his head hung down , so that nobody could see his face .
She showed her surprise by tightening the reins and moving the gelding around so that she could get a better look at his face .
I had not waited even these ten days , could I have read your feelings , as I think you must have penetrated mine .
The people who possessed the skills to make metal might not need to work at producing their own food -- someone else could grow food for them . 
6 : 19 Therefore Herodias had a quarrel against him , and would have killed him ; but she could not : 6 : 20 For Herod feared John , knowing that he was a just man and an holy , and observed him ; and when he heard him , he did many things , and heard him gladly .
He could row one way one minute and if he found you agreeing with him , he would take the opposite argument on principle . " 
But surely , a speaker could have conveyed an impression of athleticism simply by saying that they sprinted up the hill . 
During the years when Israel was passing from crisis to crisis -- the Sinai campaign , the infusion of multitudes of penniless immigrants -- it was felt that the purpose of national unity could be best served if the secular majority were to yield to the religious parties .
Stolen drugs could be lethal 
Yet if gold prices improve , silver prices could rally sharply , he says .
She also dreamed of it three times : and as the dream , she thought , was a sure token that the prophecy was to come true , she , from that time forwards , gave up her spinning - wheel and her knitting , and could think of nothing but hunting for the treasure , that was to be found by one " within twenty miles round ."
" The truth is that we never thought that you could have been caught ," he said ; " we counted on you as the one red - hot revolutionary left in the world .
When Susan heard her father ' s story , she quite forgot her guinea - hen , and her whole soul was intent upon her poor mother , who , notwithstanding her utmost exertion , could not support herself under this sudden stroke of misfortune .
I sat in the café as the rain showed no sign of letting up and drew up a short list of people I had met with whom I could air my perplexity . 
He wondered how anyone could have the good luck to visit a planet as nice as this .
As the wood grew first thinner and then smaller with distance , he could see the sunlit slopes beyond it and above it ; and across these was still moving the square black mob like one monstrous beetle .
and , therefore , he could not recognize even long-familiar things upon seeing them again .
His accounts underwent a double audit every quarter and his acts could be reversed by a court on the application of the bankrupt .
Fear of the price police could help cool things off in the 1990s .
The court astonished everybody by deciding that it could not rule on the legality or otherwise of something that had not happened yet . 
Mrs . John Dashwood wished it likewise ; but in the mean while , till one of these superior blessings could be attained , it would have quieted her ambition to see him driving a barouche .
It was n't forth garaging the car for a couple of hours , which was all the time he could allow himself . 
But , Mr . Knightley , how could you possibly have heard it ?
The same could be said for the song to which they make their entrance in the final scene .
One newer wrinkle , so called single-premium life -LRB- you pay for the whole policy at once -RRB- , has been immensely popular in recent years for tax reasons ; the insured could extract cash value in the form of policy `` loans , '' and none of the proceeds were taxable even though they included gains on investment .
55 : 12 For it was not an enemy that reproached me ; then I could have borne it : neither was it he that hated me that did magnify himself against me ; then I would have hid myself from him :
But Theodore Parker , commencing his mission to the world-at-large , disguised as the minister of a `` twenty-eighth Congregational Church '' which bore no resemblance to the Congregational polities descended from the founders ( among which were still the Unitarian churches ) , made explicit from the beginning that the conflict between him and the Hunkerish society was not something which could be evaporated into a genteel difference about clerical decorum .
I could not have answered it to my conscience to let it fall into any other hands .
It was even less easy to fix the impression in the case of the man at the right end of the table , who , to say truth , was as commonplace a person as could be seen anywhere , with a round , brown - haired head and a round snub nose , but also clad in clerical black , of a stricter cut .
And how could it possibly come into your head ?"
His own , slightly flimsy explanation is , ` It was the only job I could have done with my vague , easily bored , butterfly mind . "
` I would be a rich man if I could .
Anne , satisfied at a very early period of Lady Russell ' s meaning to love Captain Wentworth as she ought , had no other alloy to the happiness of her prospects than what arose from the consciousness of having no relations to bestow on him which a man of sense could value .
Congress through the LSC Act intended `` to provide high quality legal assistance to those who would be otherwise unable to afford adequate legal counsel , '' 42 U. S. C. � �2996 ( 2 ) , but only if the program could at the same time `` be kept free from the influence of or use by it of political pressures , '' §2996 ( 5 ) .
She could be sweet when it suited her , that damned wife of his . 
By peering hard in the same direction , I could just make out the faint flicker of a distant plane . 
I am God ; really , they could hardly have better supporters .
It was possible that even a reject like him could be of use in such a godforsaken spot . 
On May 18 the Court ruled 5:4 that those acquitted of crimes by reason of insanity could not , after regaining sanity , be kept in mental institutions on the grounds that they might still be dangerous .
Frank sat in the back of Armstrong , occasionally kneeling up on the rumble seat so he could yell in my ear , but all the time talking .
Think of how you could be spending your time instead ; you could go swimming , make model aeroplanes or learn to yodel -- it does n't matter what you do as long as it is fun ! 
But now nothing could undo or deny that flash of fact , that for a second they had been glad to be interrupted .
I washed , dressed , strapped on my sword belt and strutted out , quietly vowing that a group of cut-throats and alley-sneakers could not frighten this new Merchant Prince . 
This could arise , for example , in researching into the voting behaviour of , say , white-collar workers , or the differential rates of absenteeism among workers within a particular plant .
Mintel has extrapolated the figures , assuming the same level of inflation , and reckons the simplest funeral could cost a bereaved family £6,230 in 25 years ' time .
She then left the room ; and Elinor dared not follow her to say more , for bound as she was by her promise of secrecy to Lucy , she could give no information that would convince Marianne ; and painful as the consequences of her still continuing in an error might be , she was obliged to submit to it .
This tube could be adjusted in its axial direction by an electric drive to establish the required electrode spacing .
He knew the river folk pretty well ; he could guess what they had said . 
The £3 million trial collapsed after the prosecution said Mr Clark 's evidence was not consistent with earlier statements and the charges could no longer be sustained . 
Mr . Palmer maintained the common , but unfatherly opinion among his sex , of all infants being alike ; and though she could plainly perceive , at different times , the most striking resemblance between this baby and every one of his relations on both sides , there was no convincing his father of it ; no persuading him to believe that it was not exactly like every other baby of the same age ; nor could he even be brought to acknowledge the simple proposition of its being the finest child in the world .
U. S. officials have warned in recent weeks that a large ungoverned expanse could become a haven for terrorists .
There stood A grove hard by , sprung up with this their change , His will who reigns above , to aggravate Their penance , laden with fair fruit , like that Which grew in Paradise , the bait of Eve Used by the Tempter : on that prospect strange Their earnest eyes they fixed , imagining For one forbidden tree a multitude Now risen , to work them further woe or shame ; Yet , parched with scalding thirst and hunger fierce , Though to delude them sent , could not abstain ; But on they rolled in heaps , and , up the trees Climbing , sat thicker than the snaky locks That curled Megaera : greedily they plucked The fruitage fair to sight , like that which grew Near that bituminous lake where Sodom flamed ; This more delusive , not the touch , but taste Deceived ; they , fondly thinking to allay Their appetite with gust , instead of fruit Chewed bitter ashes , which the offended taste With spattering noise rejected : oft they assayed , Hunger and thirst constraining ; drugged as oft , With hatefullest disrelish writhed their jaws , With soot and cinders filled ; so oft they fell Into the same illusion , not as Man Whom they triumphed once lapsed .
Furthermore , this comparison becomes even more shocking when it is remembered that the population at risk of being killed at work is less than half those who could be ` murdered " . 
He started to come up the stairs , the boards creaking under his weight , and Danielle braced herself , determined not to do anything that could annoy or upset him . 
" Now , I wonder if you are in some little difficulty which , after all , we could settle very comfortably together ?
[ 10 ] showed that in the two-group microarray study setting the t -statistic assumption of equal variances between the two groups could result in poor performance .
A FULL inquiry has begun into remarks by a senior Strathclyde Region official that the high numbers of black and Asian children in special schools could be due to genetic or nutritional factors . 
" Yes ," said Anne , " you tell me nothing which does not accord with what I have known , or could imagine .
If ever there were people who , without having great wealth themselves , had every thing they could wish for , I am sure it is us .
What would have happened , she wondered , if she 'd told the woman the truth , that it just might be the end of the world , that she could n't keep going through the days this way , plodding from home to work and back again , with nothing to devote her energies to , nothing to occupy her thoughts -- except Nicolo , and how much she despised him ? 
Cleveland Police are warning smokers to beware of offers of cheap cigarettes as they could be part of a hoard stolen from a storeroom in Morgan Drive , Guisborough . 
By now Modigliani could not transform overnight into a conventional husband , and Jeanne accepted him with his failings .
Still , in her heart , she must retain bitterness and hatred against those who had killed him and would presumably help so far as she could to have revenge upon them .
All they could think of was to run around in circles , kicking their legs out .
Deadly snakes , dangerous jungle and swollen rivers -- what more could a humble daredevil want ? 
He had even refused one regular invitation to dinner ; and having been found on the occasion by Mr Musgrove with some large books before him , Mr and Mrs Musgrove were sure all could not be right , and talked , with grave faces , of his studying himself to death .
Holman could almost detect an embittered smile on the pain-wracked face . 
Menaggio is a super lakeside resort that feels so untouristy that you could be forgiven for thinking it was just a typical Italian village . 
Otherwise , the outlook could be dark indeed .
The success you have in rehabilitating Chloe Joe depends on your sensitivity towards her and the infinite time an patience you are prepared to spend -- remember , one lapse of patience could set her back by weeks . 
" I never heard any harm of her ; indeed I hardly ever heard her mentioned ; except that Mrs . Taylor did say this morning , that one day Miss Walker hinted to her , that she believed Mr . and Mrs . Ellison would not be sorry to have Miss Grey married , for she and Mrs . Ellison could never agree ."
) Here again Mr. Justice Frankfurter could not lightly accept the principle of wholesale judicial legislation .
He was puzzled by George 's attitude , which appeared hostile , although he could think of no reason why . 
The audience who had loved him as a stage juvenile were themselves growing old , and could not fail to notice the signs of ageing in their idol . 
Despite their expertise in such field craft , though , there was a limit to the area the Australians could control , and they had to send more men south to protect their supply line from the coast . 
He returned to the chateau , furious with himself that he could have allowed people to live in this way . 
He assembled a team of scientists who argued that the metabolites of 3-Hydroxycamphor , found in Aliysa 's urine , could have come from feedstuffs or bedding . 
UN sources said the towns of Srebrenica and Zepa could fall within days , causing a ` catastrophic " refugee crisis .
The figures on the worksheet paper in front of her were jumping and waving around so badly it was all she could do to make them out clearly enough to copy them with the typewriter .
I know I took a saw with the idea of cutting his head off so that the body could n't be identified . 
But despite what appears to have been a rotten year for everyone , books were still written , films made , and people could still summon up the energy and enthusiasm for sex . 
His famous criticism of brother Henry's `` third style '' is surely as subtly , even elegantly , worded an analysis of the latter's intricate air castles as Henry himself could ever have produced .
Land could be sold or leased to public or private bodies for any purpose , even if the purpose was different from the one for which the land was purchased . 
My leaving Lula caused quite a scandal in Berlin ; but that period with her could have been deadly for me . 
He walked with a limp , and had you not known better you could have mistaken the sores and scabs on his face for the kind of wounds worn by down-and-outs in Cardboard City . 
In the examples above , the occurrence of a bull's-eye , a straight-haired mouse , or an ace could be called a `` success '' .
` No , they did n't , " exclaims Kier , adding contritely ` it could go either way . " 
It made Bella shriek and wave her arms about and it set Joe drumming his fingers on the table with that quiet disapproval that was worse than anything Bella could do . 
Despite their great size , the new cars only seated 56 , although their massive platforms could accommodate many standing passengers .
She sighed for the air , the liberty , the quiet of the country ; and fancied that if any place could give her ease , Barton must do it .
He was full of ` to - morrow ,' and it is very evident that I have been full of it too , ever since I entered the house , and learnt the extension of your plan and all that had happened , or my seeing him could never have gone so entirely out of my head ."
It could n't have been Gloria , for Gloria knew that Dot always slept in her vest and knickers . 
As if he had X-ray eyes he could visualise the metal cylinder concealed within the bag , the pointed bomb with its tail fins reclining at an angle of forty-five degrees .
It also weakened our diplomatic stance , because Russia could easily guess we did not desire a nuclear war except in the ultimate extremity .
She fled home on the underground , scolding herself for being such a coward , it could all be over now if she 'd been sensible . 
Tut I am in their bosomes , and I know Wherefore they do it : They could be content To visit other places , and come downe With fearefull brauery : thinking by this face To fasten in our thoughts that they haue Courage ; But ' tis not so .
The servant , confounded and half intoxicated , could only stammer out that he had more guineas than one about him , and that he really did not know which it was .
I suddenly thought of Mary Jane Brennan , the way her pretty eyes could flash with anger , her quiet competence , the gentleness and sweetness that lay just beneath the surface of her defenses .
Mrs . Dashwood , who could not think a man five years younger than herself , so exceedingly ancient as he appeared to the youthful fancy of her daughter , ventured to clear Mrs . Jennings from the probability of wishing to throw ridicule on his age .
She could not do so , without comparing herself with Miss Larolles , the inimitable Miss Larolles ; but still she did it , and not with much happier effect ; though by what seemed prosperity in the shape of an early abdication in her next neighbours , she found herself at the very end of the bench before the concert closed .
She was no longer a nervous little nineteen-year-old that he could push around as he pleased . 
Sometimes a ship would be sighted and the Caravan pass so close that people could easily be seen on the distant deck .
It is believed that the initiatives could generate a 15% reduction in journey to/from school casualties by the year 2000 and that an equivalent reduction of other casualties will be achieved . 
So junior's bedroom was usually tricked out with heavy , nondescript pieces that supposedly could take the `` hard knocks '' , while the fine secretary was relegated to the parlor where it was for show only .
He chewed Downing 's thumb nearly off before they could master him .
Suspended over the side in one of the stages , Tashtego and Daggoo continually flourished over his head a couple of keen whale - spades , wherewith they slaughtered as many sharks as they could reach .
8 : 43 And a woman having an issue of blood twelve years , which had spent all her living upon physicians , neither could be healed of any , 8 : 44 Came behind him , and touched the border of his garment : and immediately her issue of blood stanched .
He could only gaze at the lagoon -- that at least had spared him the agony of thinking . 
If you said to him in so many words , ` Champion is stealing your wife ,' he would think the joke a little vulgar : that it could be anything but a joke -- that notion could find no crack in his great skull to get in by .
The Evening Standard wrote of ` the genius of Kenneth Williams " , so more could not possibly have been said . 
No firewood could be chopped up until after the landlord had called so the room was clean and tidy , all except for the odd quarry tile Dad had broken during the wood-chopping . 
And yet I wish I could show you our cat Dinah : I think you ' d take a fancy to cats if you could only see her .
The future could be worse .
I suppose you could n't be prevailed upon to play for us too ? "  
Only the canny Mr Genscher , who knew the East Germans ' minds , could have thought of letting the regime save face by ` expelling " their own people across their own territory . 
I could not have believed it !
In spite of everything , Burun felt depressed by the whole affair and could not understand why . 
Herod , who reigned over Palestine at the time , could not even claim to be a Jew by birth . 
How could she compare with you ? 
Could it be Mr Elliot ?
A shrill whistle could be discerned , audible above the scrape and screech of the music . 
But they could taste the appeasement of violence and retribution through his antics .
Besides sacking other senior Politburo officials who allied themselves with Mr. Honecker , Mr. Krenz could loosen controls on the news media , free up travel restrictions , and establish a dialogue with various dissident groups .
This moment yearning and thoughtful sitting alone , It seems to me there are other men in other lands yearning and thoughtful , It seems to me I can look over and behold them in Germany , Italy , France , Spain , Or far , far away , in China , or in Russia or talking other dialects , And it seems to me if I could know those men I should become attached to them as I do to men in my own lands , O I know we should be brethren and lovers , I know I should be happy with them .
" You know her disposition , and may believe how eagerly she would still justify him if she could ."
She was obliged to recollect that her seeing the letter was a violation of the laws of honour , that no one ought to be judged or to be known by such testimonies , that no private correspondence could bear the eye of others , before she could recover calmness enough to return the letter which she had been meditating over , and say --
Though literary festivals could be immensely enjoyable , especially if they took you to some pleasant distant city , like Toronto or Adelaide , there was something absurd about writers gathering together in this way . 
She had just received Holy Communion , of course , and her face was radiant and pure -- I ca n't explain why I did it , but I could n't help kissing her . 
She began to wriggle slightly , to see if she could get her hands free , but it was no good , the straps were still too tight . 
However , if you are unsure of what to do , do n't mess around for what could be a simple job for a trained engineer can turn into a nightmare if an inexperienced user starts to experiment . 
Another circumstance very essential for her to know , was how long he meant to be in Bath ; he had not mentioned it , or she could not recollect it .
walking up that hill again would do her more harm than any sitting down could do her good ;" and , in short , her look and manner declared , that go she would not .
Any attempt to reconcile this statement of the central issue in the campaign of 1956 with the nature of the man who could not conceive it as the central issue will at least resolve our confusions about the chaotic and misleading results of the earnestness of both doctors and President in a situation which should never have arisen .
But ere her commander , who , with trumpet to mouth , stood up in his boat ; ere he could hopefully hail , Ahab ' s voice was heard .
If he wanted to depress himself he could very easily , thinking on this subject , but he was not used to looking too far ahead in this life . 
Elinor ' s curiosity to see Mrs . Ferrars was satisfied .-- She had found in her every thing that could tend to make a farther connection between the families undesirable .-- She had seen enough of her pride , her meanness , and her determined prejudice against herself , to comprehend all the difficulties that must have perplexed the engagement , and retarded the marriage , of Edward and herself , had he been otherwise free ;-- and she had seen almost enough to be thankful for her OWN sake , that one greater obstacle preserved her from suffering under any other of Mrs . Ferrars ' s creation , preserved her from all dependence upon her caprice , or any solicitude for her good opinion .
Israel reportedly has doubts about following through on its request that Mousa Mohammed Abu Marzook be extradited to stand trial on charges of conspiracy to commit murder , fearing a trial in Israel could spark violence .
how could it be ?-- Then I must have dreamt it -- but I was completely persuaded -- Miss Smith , you walk as if you were tired .
Se Queira describes the ` 64,000 dollar question " : whether some clients could be forced to accept residential care even though they expressed an overwhelming desire to stay in their own homes . 
Still drowsy and warm from sleep , she lay thinking of Johnny Latimer and whether Time or the house ( for she could not decide which it was that played the tricks and pulled the strings ) would let him come back to her again .
8 : 2 And Ezra the priest brought the law before the congregation both of men and women , and all that could hear with understanding , upon the first day of the seventh month .
` And if you find a cafe , could you bring back a couple of bacon sandwiches ? " 
The stark fact is that Nottinghamshire could not afford to do both and generated local controversy by protecting the vertical efficiency of the developmental approach at the expense of fieldwork support for the many . 
Reducing the number of U. S. troops in South Korea , or at least their visibility , could also serve to remove a major irritant .
I almost thought he would sink the ship before the anchor could be got up ; involuntarily I paused on my handspike , and told Queequeg to do the same , thinking of the perils we both ran , in starting on the voyage with such a devil for a pilot .
But in this moment of confrontation , knowing that Ray Doyle would pull through , Bodie could not help but feel a touch of pity for the girl . 
The Republican danger is that abortion could become for them what it 's long been for Democrats , a divisive litmus test .
She could drive the golf cart and he could wait on tables .
They all walked about together , to see that every thing was as it should be ; and within a few minutes were joined by the contents of another carriage , which Emma could not hear the sound of at first , without great surprize .
George Grindal was pleased that he could turn to the bedside cabinet and take up the feeding glass containing orange juice . 
Fortune I do not want ; employment I do not want ; consequence I do not want : I believe few married women are half as much mistress of their husband ' s house as I am of Hartfield ; and never , never could I expect to be so truly beloved and important ; so always first and always right in any man ' s eyes as I am in my father ' s ."
The results met estimates of analysts , who had already slashed their projections after the company said in late August that its 1989 earnings could tumble as much as 37 % .
For two or three days after each beating , I was called to his study so that he could see I was healing properly . 
I had never been in the lift since moving -- either it was out of order or I could smell the putrid stench seeping out into the lobby and avoided it . 
Bitterly aware of a deep tide of crimson flooding over her face and body , she could only glare back at him with deep loathing . 
The Willoughbys left town as soon as they were married ; and Elinor now hoped , as there could be no danger of her seeing either of them , to prevail on her sister , who had never yet left the house since the blow first fell , to go out again by degrees as she had done before .
Or , could we break our way By force , and at our heels all Hell should rise With blackest insurrection to confound Heaven ' s purest light , yet our great Enemy , All incorruptible , would on his throne Sit unpolluted , and th ' ethereal mould , Incapable of stain , would soon expel Her mischief , and purge off the baser fire , Victorious .
Molotov was opposed to the evacuation of any Soviet military bases for fear of setting a dangerous precedent which could apply to other similar and more important issues . 
Nothing was wanting on Mrs . Palmer ' s side that constant and friendly good humour could do , to make them feel themselves welcome .
He could have felt superior and thought them all fools for pitying him for getting what he wanted . 
Elinor wished that the same forbearance could have extended towards herself , but that was impossible , and she was obliged to listen day after day to the indignation of them all .
Under the Covenant of the League, disputes between nations could be settled by discussion and arbitration. 
She could n't help wondering how the two of them looked .
She was convinced that Margaret had fixed on a person whose name she could not bear with composure to become a standing joke with Mrs . Jennings .
Before I could reply to that there was a hush in the audience and a grave , portly man stepped out between the curtains . 
Dan could hear Clayton Burnside and Eben Jackson summing up their final reckoning for rental on the oxen .
Her own lips twitched and , even if his smile had n't made it , try as she might , she could n't hold hers in . 
Perhaps he wanted to speak to her , of his attachment to Harriet ; he might be watching for encouragement to begin .-- She did not , could not , feel equal to lead the way to any such subject .
I thought the S.S.O. seemed puzzled , but as the light was dim I could have been mistaken .
Culley 's teeth ached slightly along the line of the gum ; he imagined he could feel the air trickling through his lungs like snow-melt in a delta . 
Secondly , a change in a defendant 's domestic circumstances -- eviction from rented accommodation , dismissal from work , loss of family ties -- could well have an adverse effect on the choice of sentence following conviction . 
While these devices might win one election by dramatically increasing electoral turnout , the new voters mobilized by such appeals could only be the least politically informed citizens , and the most susceptible to authoritarian views . 
Queequeg was my own inseparable twin brother ; nor could I any way get rid of the dangerous liabilities which the hempen bond entailed .
Or could she have been stalked and then attacked by some psychopathic killer ? 
No cruelty could have shown it , but their kindness showed it with a ghastly clearness .
They were too far away for her to recognise faces , but she could imagine John and Angela among them , unaware that they had been pursued all the way from Romania . 
Marine officers have long been worried that Iraq 's deadly insurgency could prompt such a reaction by combat teams .
At the time of going to press , the ITF confirmed that it was awaiting papers from Slovenia so that it could process its application to become an associate member . 
I have no record , no information of any plane that could be following this course .
If Mr . Elton , on his return , made his own indifference as evident and indubitable as she could not doubt he would anxiously do , she could not imagine Harriet ' s persisting to place her happiness in the sight or the recollection of him .
It was a bad play , real grade-A turkey , which only a prevalence of angels with grandiose dreams of capital gain and tax money to burn could have put into rehearsal .
I woke again in the dark with a sensation that could not be put in colder or more literal words than that a breath bit like an adder .
He said he contacted a friend , Henry Hall Wilson , on the President's staff and asked whether his orchestra could play , in the series .
Cattle stealing could be stopped , but some administrators had reservations . 
And Frank Churchill was heard to say , " I think you could manage this without effort ; the first part is so very trifling .
Anyone who wants the Ring does so because they are convinced that they could use it in order to destroy Darkness . 
I could not bear that she should be frightened from the visit by such nonsense .
Or could it be Colebrooke , who had discovered Sir Ralph 's murky past and was promoting his own ambitions under the guise of revenge for past misdeeds ?
That nature had given it in feature could not be unseen by the young woman , nor could her higher powers of mind be unfelt by the parents .
I could not see him well ; he was mainly hidden behind trees , and motionless .
I could make out a sort of close-fitting purple cap on the back of her head . 
The long grass rustled at her feet as the White Rabbit hurried by -- the frightened Mouse splashed his way through the neighbouring pool -- she could hear the rattle of the teacups as the March Hare and his friends shared their never - ending meal , and the shrill voice of the Queen ordering off her unfortunate guests to execution -- once more the pig - baby was sneezing on the Duchess ' s knee , while plates and dishes crashed around it -- once more the shriek of the Gryphon , the squeaking of the Lizard ' s slate - pencil , and the choking of the suppressed guinea - pigs , filled the air , mixed up with the distant sobs of the miserable Mock Turtle .
Surprise was the strongest emotion raised by their appearance ; but Anne was really glad to see them ; and the others were not so sorry but that they could put on a decent air of welcome ; and as soon as it became clear that these , their nearest relations , were not arrived with an views of accommodation in that house , Sir Walter and Elizabeth were able to rise in cordiality , and do the honours of it very well .
He sighed -- drank -- hesitated -- drank again -- heard the landlord talk of his bill , saw the money produced which would pay it in a moment -- drank again -- cursed himself , and , giving his hand to the villain who was whispering in his ear , swore that he could not help it , and must do as they would have him .
He mounted guard all yesterday at the ventilator ; and though I watched and watched till it was darker than pitch , I could not get near you .
But Richard Fleming says eventually we could home produce all the charcoal we need . 
Even Elena 's advice could be unwelcome when it interfered with his contemplation of the project . 
Henry Tyler would not have described her as a happy woman , but afterward he could not say that she had seemed at all unwell . 
Black-and-white drawings could not convey even a remote impression of the emerald greenery of these wonderful hills nor the vast skyscapes and panoramic views seen from their summits . 
But just now she could think only of Captain Wentworth .
The naive state , Condition 1 , , could therefore be viewed as an inhibiting one for 24% of the subjects in this study .
One senior administration official called the guideline `` outrageous '' and said it could make U.S. operatives reluctant to even listen to coup plans for fear they may get into legal trouble .
The hostel was fairly close to town and no-one could complain about the prices .
Hitch understood and bolted for the door , picking the receiver up with infinite care so that he too could hear the voice on the other end of the line . 
He could see his informant behind the wheel . 
Turnbull and MacIan looked at each other , and said more than they could ever say with tongues or swords .
See $ Father , what first - fruits on earth are sprung From thy implanted grace in Man ; these sighs And prayers , which in this golden censer mixed With incense , I thy priest before thee bring ; Fruits of more pleasing savour , from thy seed Sown with contrition in his heart , than those Which , his own hand manuring , all the trees Of Paradise could have produced , ere fallen From innocence .
At the outset , the Government's spokesman explained that counsel for the Government and for Du Pont had already held preliminary discussions with a view to arriving at a relief plan that both sides could recommend to the court .
It might be thought that in a reign which saw bitter struggles between king and nobles the church , if astutely led , could gain some significant concessions in exchange for support carefully distributed . 
More likely , relief funds could be added to an omnibus spending bill that Congress is to begin considering next week .
From the thicket I could see the bridge and to my amazement I could see Commandos marching in file across the bridge and coming slowly towards me , a few of them looking and pointing in my direction . 
If the administration ever had any ideas that it could find an acceptable alternative to Prince Souvanna Phouma , whom it felt was too trusting of Communists , it gradually had to relinquish them .
` If she could sniff something she would , " remembers Brian Crowley , Kirsty 's foster dad . 
Viewed in this light a meticulous observance of these laws could inspire confidence in God . 
I could see their faces glistening with sweat and bear grease , their mouths open , shouting their spine-chilling cries .
At a nervous and hurriedly arranged press conference , the Ibrox publicity machine could barely paper the cracks between the departing boss and his bewildered chairman . 
What could a mere twelve years matter ? ?
None of them had been the kind of people who could have imagined devotion to a pet animal or according to it funerary rites . 
Cotten construed this as a veiled effort by Parkhouse to help Dallas and other large cities get money which Cotten felt could better be spent providing water for rural Texas .
I began by asking questions that could be answered by learning the information provided by textbooks or the literature .
From their counsel , or their conversation , she knew she could receive no assistance , their tenderness and sorrow must add to her distress , while her self - command would neither receive encouragement from their example nor from their praise .
As the terminal surface moved past her helmet , she thought she could see a fine structure to it , a lattice of irregular cells which pulsed and churned while she watched . 
The wish of distinguishing her , as far as civility permitted , was very evident , though it could not often proceed beyond a look .
Certainly , it was impossible with the gear we had , and certainly with our lack of skill for getting to a positive point on the Earth that could do some good .
Yes , Sir , Buster felt that he was shamed in the eyes of his neighbors , and he wanted nothing so much as to get away by himself , where no one could see him , and try to get rid of that dreadful pail .
Barbarian invasion or civil war could also bring vast unpopularity on the Christians , cast as scapegoats .
The success of the Romanian uprising against the Ceausescu clan prompted some Chinese to ask gleefully how long the Chinese Ceausescu could survive . 
All the ideologies changing from day to day , right under his eyes , so how could a man look to any one of them for an enlargement of his freedom ? ?
no , no "-- cried Emma , laughing as carelessly as she could -- " Upon no account in the world .
They did not like each other , and no renewal of acquaintance now could do any good ; and were Lady Russell to see them together , she might think that he had too much self - possession , and she too little .
THEY only knew how little he had had to tempt him to be disobedient , and how small was the consolation , beyond the consciousness of doing right , that could remain to him in the loss of friends and fortune .
He could not be satisfied without a promise -- would not she give him her influence in procuring it ?"
There he knew places where he could get opium -- dark , evil places where people bought and sold the beautiful , terrible dreams of opium . 
You could make a fortune selling them to stressed businessmen . 
She could sense Guy watching her with narrowed attention , and clenched her hands inside the pockets of her suede waistcoat , battling to get her reactions under control . 
Could Anne wonder that her father and sister were happy ?
Looking at him again , more strictly , I could not exactly say what it was that gave me the sense of antiquity , except the antique cut of his white clerical necktie and the barred wrinkles across his brow .
I was so pleased , " she looked at me shyly or was it a little slyly , ` I could understand from knowing my Classics what the old peasants were saying . 
Could she but have given Harriet her feelings about it all !
The age of the older life , as long as they do n't exceed sixty five next birthday , and they 're not engaged in any occupation or pursuit that could be considered hazardous .
" I wish it could be so easily settled .
But of his courage , though it was not of a kind that Hotspur admired , there could be little doubt ; and of his ability and calculating detachment , none . 
She could feel them hardening under his tongue and was caught between pure ecstasy and an urge to run from the room . 
A policeman brought down two children who clambered on to the roof of a butcher 's shop in South Bank Road , Middlesbrough , at the weekend and could not get down . 
The regular and best families Emma could hardly suppose they would presume to invite -- neither Donwell , nor Hartfield , nor Randalls .
First , could somebody be impersonating a member ?
Our publicity is distributed to participants of mass bike events such as the annual Edinburgh -- St. Andrews ride which attracts over 600 entrants , and this publicity could include information about NFC .
he had in fact said simply that he wished the thing hadn't happened , which was as honest as he could put it .
Arthur could not , especially as he spoke wretched Italian , make the eager little merchants understand the nature and advantages of an English trial by jury .
The Church could not allow sinners to perish without seeing the evil of their ways . 
The second showed a definite tendency towards a masculine outlook within the whole tribe and the first showed what co-operation between the two sexes could achieve , with a more feminine outlook .
he could be subjected to law only because he agreed to be .
Our blessed Lord Jesus Christ , the sinless Son of God , who could not lie , said , `` Amen , amen , I say to thee , unless a man be born again , he cannot see the kingdom of God '' ( St. John 3 : 3 ) .
I felt and slid my arms under Harry 's and with my feet slipping on the muddy bottom yanked him upwards as fiercely as I could and found him still stuck and yanked again twice more with increasing desperation until finally whatever had been holding him released its grasp and he came shooting to the surface , only to begin falling sluggishly back again as a dead weight . 
_He could now lay down his life that the life of another might be saved ! _
Then he sent the pooch 's picture with the certificate of membership -- it was made out to `` Boris ` Bo ' Regaard '' -- to every newspaper he could think of . -RRB-
But neither geography nor tranquillity could come all at once , and Emma was now in a humour to resolve that they should both come in time .
But above all these matters of detail which could be explained , rose the central mountain of the matter that they could not explain .
For just a little minute it was so still there in the Green Forest that not the least little sound could be heard .
As they drew closer , they could see that the sides of the surrounding containers were covered with a gleaming wetness , spattered to a height a few feet above their heads . 
I could not prevent my father from tricking him into marrying me instead of Rachel .
He cautioned that `` the greater danger in this recovery may be excessive stimulation by government which could bring moderate inflation '' .
Though I agreed with their political views , I could not condone the way they acted and was glad to see them go at last .
She could hear the animal below her , struggling on the icy path , and she followed it down . 
He could have robbed someone , bribed a stable lad , nobbled a horse …
How , for example , could a Voltaire understand the strange predicament in which a Rousseau would find himself when , soon after the furor of his first Discourse , he acquired still another title to fame ? ?
The thought which came most readily was to restrict the amount of paper which each student could use and to force them to be more economical with it . 
Doubtless it was so , and she could take no revenge , for he was not altered , or not for the worse .
She could then see more and judge better .
Besides this treasure , she calculated that the amount of the bills for bread could not be less than eight or nine and thirty shillings ; and as her father was now sure of a week ' s reprieve , she had great hopes that , by some means or other , it would be possible to make up the whole sum necessary to pay for a substitute .
When he stood back , he could see that he had created a superb landscape with figures . 
and I have often wished -- but it is so little one can venture to do -- small , trifling presents , of any thing uncommon -- Now we have killed a porker , and Emma thinks of sending them a loin or a leg ; it is very small and delicate -- Hartfield pork is not like any other pork -- but still it is pork -- and , my dear Emma , unless one could be sure of their making it into steaks , nicely fried , as ours are fried , without the smallest grease , and not roast it , for no stomach can bear roast pork -- I think we had better send the leg -- do not you think so , my dear ?"
To prescribe nothing could be unethical , uncaring , and perilous in terms of the investigation of the case and the pursuit of truth . 
Almost before they could take it in a short figure in French uniform had walked up to their table like the wind , and sat down with a sort of thump .
The two stallions who could not even do the test had previously shown themselves to be intelligent by their rapid ability to learn when they were broken in . 
Elinor , unable herself to determine whether it were better for Marianne to be in London or at Barton , offered no counsel of her own except of patience till their mother ' s wishes could be known ; and at length she obtained her sister ' s consent to wait for that knowledge .
Design could never bring them in each other ' s way : negligence could never leave them exposed to a surprise ; and chance had less in its favour in the crowd of London than even in the retirement of Barton , where it might force him before her while paying that visit at Allenham on his marriage , which Mrs . Dashwood , from foreseeing at first as a probable event , had brought herself to expect as a certain one .
I could not comprehend how .
The Duke did all he could to track down the miscreants , using his great wealth to bribe informers . 
They are the last people on earth one could imagine to be dancers . 
Now they were as strangers ; nay , worse than strangers , for they could never become acquainted .
Last week the Government warned that around 300 women who 'd been injected with a hormone called gonadotrophin , extracted from the pituitary glands of human corpses , could be at risk . 
Could he ever be tolerably happy with Lucy Steele ; could he , were his affection for herself out of the question , with his integrity , his delicacy , and well - informed mind , be satisfied with a wife like her -- illiterate , artful , and selfish ?
This excited fresh suspicions in Loveit ' s mind ; but , without saying one word , he immediately stationed himself at the window in his room , which looked out towards the lane ; and , as the moon was risen , he could see if anyone passed that way .
If you slouch , you could be doing yourself harm . 
WASHINGTON â€� The Reagan Administration 's top Asia specialist declared Tuesday that the Communist insurgency in the Philippines is growing steadily and the rebels could match the government in military strength in three to five years .
`` This team set a precedent that could be valuable in the future '' , Benington pointed out .
As the CIA supervisor `` John" told us , no one looked at the bigger picture ; no analytic work foresaw the lightning that could connect the thundercloud to the ground .
On quitting the Cobb , they all went in - doors with their new friends , and found rooms so small as none but those who invite from the heart could think capable of accommodating so many .
` I was shown these two kids in a very pitiful state and I just could n't do nothing . " 
( The shape of the monkey could be discerned by the eye of prejudice even in the Chinese and Japanese , as witness many a modern cartoon . ) 
Could I mention any thing more fit to be done , than to go to Mrs . Goddard ?
He was extremely happy -- sang , danced round it -- whistled -- looked at it again and again , and could hardly leave off looking at it when it was time to go to bed .
It arose from the digitisation of archived paper records of previous international surveys , so that the information could be stored on computer and made accessible to modern techniques of data retrieval , image analysis and interpretation .
The name over his shop was Henry Gordon , but two Scotchmen who were in his shop that evening could come upon no trace of a Scotch accent .
Some reports say he was rescued from timely retirement by his friend , Congressman Walter of Pennsylvania , at a moment when the Kennedy Administration was diligently searching for all the House votes it could get .
Could you comment on that '' ? ?
And he warned that no more talks between local parties and the British and Irish governments could take place until Dublin dropped its territorial claim on Ulster .
He dared not come to Bartlett ' s Buildings for fear of detection , and though their mutual impatience to meet , was not to be told , they could do nothing at present but write .
He could visualize the sniggers of his subordinates . 
CHRONIC constipation could be caused by an excess of the body 's own opiate-like chemicals and cured by a drug which reverses their effects . 
5 : 11 And it came to pass , when the priests were come out of the holy place : ( for all the priests that were present were sanctified , and did not then wait by course : 5 : 12 Also the Levites which were the singers , all of them of Asaph , of Heman , of Jeduthun , with their sons and their brethren , being arrayed in white linen , having cymbals and psalteries and harps , stood at the east end of the altar , and with them an hundred and twenty priests sounding with trumpets :) 5 : 13 It came even to pass , as the trumpeters and singers were as one , to make one sound to be heard in praising and thanking the LORD ; and when they lifted up their voice with the trumpets and cymbals and instruments of musick , and praised the LORD , saying , For he is good ; for his mercy endureth for ever : that then the house was filled with a cloud , even the house of the LORD ; 5 : 14 So that the priests could not stand to minister by reason of the cloud : for the glory of the LORD had filled the house of God .
We could mend people 's stockings , for one thing … ’ 
I think all this could apply to Parker just as well , although , because of the nature of music , it is not demonstrable -- at least not conclusively .
Recollecting his churlish behaviour , Isabel wondered how she could be attracted to such a man even for a moment . 
What had caught his attention was obscured by the car itself , so that neither the girl nor the truck drivers could see , but Benson knew what it was .
Before she could say anything , however , she was astonished to hear Joanna 's attractive chuckle as she turned and indicated Ian Woodall . 
Signor Camillo , who was copying these for his English employer , had a mind to try his pupil ' s skill , and , pointing to a niche bordered with grotesque figures , he desired him to try if he could make any hand of it .
He dropped his earlier and delightful hamming , which is about the only way to handle the old war horse called `` Charley's Aunt '' , and let himself go with as appealing an `` Amy '' as anybody could ask .
So is he mine : and in such bloody distance , That euery minute of his being , thrusts Against my neer ' st of Life : and though I could With bare - fac ' d power sweepe him from my sight , And bid my will auouch it ; yet I must not , For certaine friends that are both his , and mine , Whose loues I may not drop , but wayle his fall , Who I my selfe struck downe : and thence it is , That I to your assistance doe make loue , Masking the Businesse from the common Eye , For sundry weightie Reasons
I believe my brother could see me burned like a witch for such a thing , But then , the very thought of such fanatical cruelty heightened my old hatred of his dingy old antiquarian fussiness and my longing for the youth and liberty that called to me from the sea .
They heard no more from behind them and as the small amount of sky they could see between the tree-tops was clouded over there was nothing to give them direction . 
For all he saw or cared to see , this could have been a town in Italy , not the outskirts of Philadelphia .
No matter how drunk I was , I can not conceive I could possibly have shown any interest in the Party 's literature service . 
` I did n't have the most stamina in the world , I was called a lazy player but I could have played till midnight .
Actually , Rose , could you give it another ten minutes , because Nicole will probably come round , and then we 'll make a big pot of tea for all of us . 
It was a terrible world where people could die and nobody would claim the remains . 
Many and many a night this old Fox used to lie awake and think to himself how good that little Red Hen would taste if he could once get her in his big kettle and boil her for dinner .
And before I could reply she rushed on , eyes moist with excitement . 
That unused room was large enough for -- well , say an elephant could get into it and , as a matter of fact , an elephant did .
And perhaps that was all she could hope , that her pain , her regret for what might have been , would be anaesthetised . 
She was able to will her longing into an unexamined haze but she could not stay away from the post office on Monday . 
David Tagg from the International Federation of Aromatherapists says there are a number of oils which could help weary marathoners . 
The DPRK is believed to maintain 2,500 to 5,000 tons of chemical agents , primarily mustard , phosgene , sarin , and V - series nerve agents. ( Other reports from DPRK defectors -- including allegations of a `` nitrogen , sulfur , and mercury '' chemical weapon that causes `` respiratory paralysis '' -- seem rather farfetched . ) Pak Tong Sam at the South Korean Agency for Defense Development has estimated that North Korea 's chemical weapons production capability is 4,500 tons annually in peacetime , and this could increase to 12,000 tons in wartime .
24 : 2 One basket had very good figs , even like the figs that are first ripe : and the other basket had very naughty figs , which could not be eaten , they were so bad .
Pre-marital pregnancy was therefore generally an anticipation of marriage and by and large the local community could , if necessary , enforce marriage through its repertoire of informal rules , on a reluctant young couple . 
What it was Kate could not fathom .
Then he ran to his clock - maker , but he could not do much .
But at the same time , she could not help thinking that no one could so well perform it as himself .
I , you may well believe , could talk of nothing but my child ;-- he could not conceal his distress ; I saw that it equalled my own , and he perhaps , thinking that mere friendship , as the world now goes , would not justify so warm a sympathy -- or rather , not thinking at all , I suppose -- giving way to irresistible feelings , made me acquainted with his earnest , tender , constant , affection for Marianne .
And when they died and the fleas had finished feasting on their blood , which was by then putrid and crawling with the bacilli , the fleas looked round for another host , and if they could not find another rat , or any small hairy creature to their liking , they settled for the next best thing , which was usually human . 
The Community could signal displeasure by refusing to do any other special deals with Moscow .
Over his shoulder he could see Prevot with the machine gun crew .
The young reader wonders how one human being could invent such an interesting story , and write it all in words that are so easily read . 
It is believed that the initiatives could generate a 10% reduction in casualties by the year 2000 within this age group . 
Their destination could only be guessed at , but by their line of march through upper Clydesdale it looked as though they were heading for the West March , possibly even Galloway . 
" She could not compose herself -- Mr . Woodhouse would be alarmed -- she had better go ;"-- with most ready encouragement from her friend , therefore , she passed off through another door -- and the moment she was gone , this was the spontaneous burst of Emma ' s feelings : " Oh God !
" But we could give some of them to my grandmother ," said Anne .
He 'd yearned to phone Liz , but what could he have said ? 
For a moment he could make no sense at all of what he saw .
We could discuss musical form at considerable length , and even write a treatise on that subject alone . 
Their one thought was , how could they safely do something to humiliate him .
So somebody else could have come in , too -- then or later while she was out of the room .
He could remember the feel of his father's big hands , the thump of his father's heart sending out signals -- regular , like radar .
It felt rather like swimming under water in a glass tank : on all sides and above him he could see the world , the outer air , but he was not part of it . 
5 : 6 I opened to my beloved ; but my beloved had withdrawn himself , and was gone : my soul failed when he spake : I sought him , but I could not find him ; I called him , but he gave me no answer .
Though himself much more of a public man than the judge , he conveyed exactly the fine shade of self - effacement before the King ' s justice ; and though everyone looked at him as they would at the Prime Minister or the Archbishop of Canterbury , they could have said nothing of his part in it but that it was that of a private gentleman , with an accent on the noun .
It was all she could do to scramble behind trying to keep up with the long , impatient strides . 
Christina could see that Paul wanted to scream that this colour had been his choice , but he bit back his retort , clenching his fists . 
Upon second thought we were forced to realize that we have very few reliable historical benchmarks against which we might compare the present situation , and that conclusions that present-day students are `` more '' or `` less '' religious could not be defended on the basis of our data .
He must ask Maud Bailey about the Prowler , yet how could he do so without coming clean in some way -- about his own interest in the matter ?
For indeed it seemed incredible that anyone could go on committing murder for ten years and not get caught at it , even in Hollywood .
She had dark curly hair with no sign of grey , and a certain shyness that could make her manner seem brusque . 
He gazed at an ineffable , agonizing radiance which only he could perceive , banishing whatever throwback emotions the brew had triggered . 
Used only to a large house himself , and without ever thinking how many advantages and accommodations were attached to its size , he could be no judge of the privations inevitably belonging to a small one .
" I am sure ," replied Elinor , with a smile , " that his dearest friends could not be dissatisfied with such commendation as that .
In any event it is a form of borrowing which could be and should be rendered unnecessary .
Topaz could have expressed some brief regret , or simply shrugged in helplessness , but she did n't . 
The noise beyond grew stronger , beginning to shake the mountain road , and a voice could be clearly heard calling out orders .
But at last a soft , genial morning appeared ; such as might tempt the daughter ' s wishes and the mother ' s confidence ; and Marianne , leaning on Elinor ' s arm , was authorised to walk as long as she could without fatigue , in the lane before the house .
Even with the optimism of the participants they could not expect to solve such a problem in four days .
Her thighs and knees could quite conceivably , she deduced in bewilderment , be turning to rubber . 
She could do little more than listen patiently , soften every grievance , and excuse each to the other ; give them all hints of the forbearance necessary between such near neighbours , and make those hints broadest which were meant for her sister ' s benefit .
If thou could ' st Doctor , cast The Water of my Land , finde her Disease , And purge it to a sound and pristine Health , I would applaud thee to the very Eccho , That should applaud againe .
How much and how many profits could a majority take out of the losses of a few ? ?
But after all the poor chap had been worried -- I could n't blame him . 
No resolution could withstand it ; in that dreamy mood losing all consciousness , at last my soul went out of my body ; though my body still continued to sway as a pendulum will , long after the power which first moved it is withdrawn .
It is , however , beyond doubt that the overwhelming majority of Cabinet ministers interviewed declared unequivocally that they believed that she could not win . 
She could not think that Harriet ' s solace or her own sins required more ; and she was therefore industriously getting rid of the subject as they returned ;-- but it burst out again when she thought she had succeeded , and after speaking some time of what the poor must suffer in winter , and receiving no other answer than a very plaintive -- " Mr . Elton is so good to the poor !"
What other reason for the disclosure of the affair could there be , but that Elinor might be informed by it of Lucy ' s superior claims on Edward , and be taught to avoid him in future ?
Maggie was looking much happier already , clearing a space on the table and chattering about how she could put up a typewriter right there , and be brushing up on her typing so Eugenia wouldn't be ashamed of it .
Typical of the government 's hypocrisy , in Pink 's view , that it could bleat about the failure of exporters while at the same time putting every sort of obstacle in their path . 
) But Speaker Sam Rayburn , after huddling in Palm Beach with President-elect Kennedy , decided that this year something had to be done about the Rules Committee -- and that he was the only man who could do anything effective .
John Ley looks forward to an international showpiece in which opening and closing ceremonies could rival the main event 
She generally thought he would come , because she generally thought he ought ; but it was a case which she could not so shape into any positive act of duty or discretion , as inevitably to defy the suggestions of very opposite feelings .
This is a tale of those old fears , even of those emptied hells , And none but you shall understand the true thing that it tells -- Of what colossal gods of shame could cow men and yet crash , Of what huge devils hid the stars , yet fell at a pistol flash .
He was by this time walking in a world of omens and hieroglyphics , and he could not read anything but what was baffling or menacing in this brown gigantic arm of the earth stretched out into the sea to seize him .
It showed an interest in the Bible unknown in the district , and a knowledge of that volume to which nobody else on Ludgate Hill could make any conspicuous claim .
It 's not something on which one could fault the Victorians , for instance . " 
As time passed she could be halted for longer and longer intervals , and eventually she forgot her rearing habit altogether .
At present , there was nothing to be done for Harriet ; good wishes for the future were all that could yet be possible on Emma ' s side .
And after thinking it all over and over again , he said , it seemed to him as if , now he had no fortune , and no nothing at all , it would be quite unkind to keep her on to the engagement , because it must be for her loss , for he had nothing but two thousand pounds , and no hope of any thing else ; and if he was to go into orders , as he had some thoughts , he could get nothing but a curacy , and how was they to live upon that ?-- He could not bear to think of her doing no better , and so he begged , if she had the least mind for it , to put an end to the matter directly , and leave him shift for himself .
The Vice President had called and asked if he could see the Secretary at his home .
Carelessness could be dangerous . 
And people in arrears who had bought at the top of the market could n't sell as their outstanding loan was often more than the value of their property . 
Charlie let those who could , sleep , and did n't attempt to wake anyone until three o'clock the next morning . 
" I am sure you could ," said the Rabbit , politely , " only be sure to begin gently , and pull harder and harder till you get her ."
`` You could try .
Indeed , partly lying on it as the arm did when I first awoke , I could hardly tell it from the quilt , they so blended their hues together ; and it was only by the sense of weight and pressure that I could tell that Queequeg was hugging me .
Blanche decided to feign stupidity so that the Commander could patronise her and she might discover how and why Spittals had been looking into her investigation behind her back . 
Clive spilled some of the powder as he heaped it in the spoon , and could not hold it steady over his lighter flame , but finally he got it liquefied . 
Bush emphasized that he still hoped to avert war , and that a meeting could still go ahead in Baghdad between US Secretary of State James Baker and President Saddam Hussein a few days after Jan. 3 .
Marion whispered and turned away because she could n't bear to be there when something died , when all the love that she had bottled up inside herself evaporated like liquid left out in the sun . 
These were words which could not but dwell with her .
You could follow my example and hitchhike out of Miami airport , but only if you 're prepared to risk being picked up by a religious maniac , or dropped off in an impenetrable jungle of freeways close to the cocaine-dealing centre of America , or both . 
We could have delayed the trial until the tax business was settled . 
They understood that neutralism and non-alignment could impede or restrain the development of close military relations between many newly independent states and the Western powers .
I ' ve told you the only theory I can think of that could satisfy anybody .
I could tell from the blank embarrassment in Tom 's expression that she had not acknowledged him . 
The room was so small and dark , that very little could be seen of the attendant who was summoned , beyond a vague and dark impression of something bulky and bearded .
But the crash happened before they could stop him . 
And tomorrow , you could put a drop of oil on that loft door , and the stable one an' all ; they screech like barn owls . " 
For two years planning permission had been delayed after claims from nearby villagers that the development could damage the enironment . 
She could not but suppose it to be a match that every body who knew them must think of .
I started looking on the splintery truck bed for a piece of board , a dirt clod -- anything I could throw and with better aim than I had thrown the beer bottle .
He cut out the shoes , ready to stitch , and left them on the bench ; then he said his prayers and went to bed , trusting that he could finish the shoes on the next day and sell them .
And he shook him till Lawrence was so giddy he could not stand .
Most of them could be eliminated ; ;
TRAGIC aerobics teacher Joanna Grenside faked her own dramatic kidnap because she could not face Christmas . 
Only by raising loans in New York and Paris could the Bank of England prop up the pound ; but foreign bankers were unwilling to risk their money unless the British Government balanced its budget .
The company could n't foresee great success or they would have tied up the band for years by way of contract options . 
But we have seen grounds to be deeply suspicious of the claim that we can finitely prestate all possible exaptations  whether they be new organic functionalities or new goods  that arise in a biosphere or an econosphere , such as Gertrude learning to fly in her terrified leap from the pine tree million years ago last Friday or the engineers working on the tractor suddenly realizing that the engine block itself could serve as the chassis .
-- But , said I , I shall be more sure of succeeding if one of you will go with me .--` Oh ,' said he , ` wait half a minute , till I have finished my job ;'-- For , would you believe it , Miss Woodhouse , there he is , in the most obliging manner in the world , fastening in the rivet of my mother ' s spectacles .-- The rivet came out , you know , this morning .-- So very obliging !-- For my mother had no use of her spectacles -- could not put them on .
The result was a bitter disappointment for Wimbledon who could have scored on three occasions in the first half . 
Winnie felt that this could lead to somewhat alarming disclosures which might be regretted by all . 
The Macmillan government might be willing to let him go , but he has been dead seventy-eight years and even the Soviet morticians could not make him look presentable .
He could have learned who had perpetrated the deed either from Andrus or through the ordinary gossip of the bazaars .
He could not see her in a situation of such danger , without trying to preserve her .
The follow-up , ` Grandpa 's Party " , proved how sharp she could be . 
A short but nimble figure came along the woodland path like a humming bullet and had caught Count Gregory a crack across the face before his own could be recognized .
They all made a rush at Alice the moment she appeared ; but she ran off as hard as she could , and soon found herself safe in a thick wood .
There was silence during which they could hear singing coming from the street . 
Avoid locations where there are abandoned mine shafts , which your dog could fall into and then become trapped .
I hurried over as quickly as I could . " 
They looked like they could have been pinched from a golf course . 
Elinor could not find herself in the carriage with Mrs . Jennings , and beginning a journey to London under her protection , and as her guest , without wondering at her own situation , so short had their acquaintance with that lady been , so wholly unsuited were they in age and disposition , and so many had been her objections against such a measure only a few days before !
Somehow Finnan made sense of the tangled labyrinth , and brought them through the lanes and alleys of boats until they could see looming ahead of them the solid sunwashed stone of the city wall .
Gasoline margins may rebound this quarter , some industry officials say , but they believe chemical margins could worsen .
Under the deal , India will build a sophisticate chemical plant at Qazvin , which will be used produce phosphorous pentasulfide , a dual-use chemical that could be used to produce chemical weapons .
" Well ," said Mrs . Weston , laughing , " perhaps the greatest good he could do them , would be to give Jane such a respectable home ."
It was originally thought the contract could be given last year with work starting in late autumn . 
It could not be faulted in respect of how clean and tidy she kept it . 
Could the panel please discuss the use of sedatives . 
Nor could she have said what made her so positive about this assumption that had become a fixture in her head -- unless it was the fact of Silas 's previous near engagement to Doreen . 
Albania secured statehood in 1912 , but before the status of Kosovo could be resolved , the entire region was rocked , in quick succession by the First Balkan War ( 1912 ) , the Second Balkan War ( 1913 ) and , for good measure , World War I ( 1914 - 18 ) .
A very great rogue * was once heard to say , that he would , with all his heart , give ten thousand pounds for a good character , because he knew that he could make twenty thousand by it .
Eileen got to dancing , just a little tiny dancing step to a hummed tune that you could hardly notice , and trying to pick up strange men , but each time I was ready to say to hell with it and walk out she'd pull herself together and talk so understandingly in that sweet husky voice about the good times and the happiness we'd had together and there I was back on the hook .
Could he join the party and sleep here tonight too ? ?
She could n't bear that , could n't stand to see pity in those dark compelling eyes . 
The General 's hope that France could play a major international role was undermined by the country 's economic and military weakness .
` There are English holiday areas where you could have marketed your tiles , " Vitor said , plainly dubious of her argument . 
If a bank 's credit rating was lowered because of , say , its loans to Third World nations , that could also affect the ratings , liquidity and prices of the asset-backed issues that the bank supports .
All this could not but be present to his memory ; but , seeming to reproach him , Franklin wiped away his crocodile tears , and preserved a magnanimous silence .
To begin the interview , he asked if Thayer , with more time to think it over , could add to what he had said the other day about Johnston .
Firemen had to wait for the mains to be turned off before engineers could cap the broken pipe . 
After they had gone , he said , he could n't remember whether they 'd said goodbye ; whether they had wrapped their arms around their children for a last loving embrace . 
This method could probably be applied widely , as it is not limited to strong photodissociating systems and does not , like absorption , require a third state to which excitation is caused in the probe step .
No sooner had she touched the bread board than the little fairies began to work : they measured the flour , mixed the bread , kneaded the loaves , and set them to rise , quicker than you could wink ; and when the bread was done , it was as nice as you could wish .
But Papa's death had further complicated the financing of Tom's hoped-for third year , and for the weeks following it Tom did not know whether his return to Harvard could be arranged .
He LOOKED all the astonishment which such unexpected , such unthought - of information could not fail of exciting ; but he said only these two words ,
It purports to be a letter from Steele to a friend at court , who , in Miss Blanchard's opinion , could only be meant as Swift .
The expectation of seeing HER , however , was enough to make her interested in the engagement ; for though she could now meet Edward ' s mother without that strong anxiety which had once promised to attend such an introduction , though she could now see her with perfect indifference as to her opinion of herself , her desire of being in company with Mrs . Ferrars , her curiosity to know what she was like , was as lively as ever .
That meant he could live in a cottage with a view of the churchyard -- like Dymlight has . 
The door was ajar and Patrick could see movement inside the room . 
Officers who participate in the continual practice drills assured me that the President's decision could be made and announced on the gold circuit within minutes after the first flash from Aj .
You could kick him and hurt him , you could hit him on the face and on the eyes so that he could n't see , but he 'd still manage to torment you . 
` To bring him here is a dangerous matter , '' Claudel said , and by the way Shaaban nodded , his dark eyes large and anxious , Claudel knew that it could also be dangerous for Shaaban if he had to answer any more questions .
One frog croaked , and then another , and then they could n't hear each other speak . 
That had been in a train like this one , a Jubilee train heading northwards , and Jarvis could clearly remember the man 's despair , his shouts and exclamations in a language no one understood . 
She could not face coffee or tea without milk , and was always craving types of food that were not available aboard a sailing ship .
In 2002 , Iran tested a new version of its Muajar-4 ( Mohajer ) unmanned aerial vehicle ( UAV ) , which some experts claim could be used for potential CBW delivery .
Look , could you grab hold of this box before my arms drop off ? "
Mr . Knightley looked as if he were more gratified than he cared to express ; and before he could make any reply , Mr . Woodhouse , whose thoughts were on the Bates ' s , said --
Turning , she hobbled back to her room as fast as she could and took her jewel box out of the drawer . 
One thing only was wanting to make the prospect of the ball completely satisfactory to Emma -- its being fixed for a day within the granted term of Frank Churchill ' s stay in Surry ; for , in spite of Mr . Weston ' s confidence , she could not think it so very impossible that the Churchills might not allow their nephew to remain a day beyond his fortnight .
He could not say that he was sorry on his own account ; his very cheerful look would have contradicted him if he had ; but he said , and very steadily , that he was sorry for the disappointment of the others , and with considerable kindness added ,
And , to be sure , nothing could be better imagined than Mr . Marlborough ' s lilac and silver , with a Roman cap .
Retribution , swift vengeance , eternal malice were in his whole aspect , and spite of all that mortal man could do , the solid white buttress of his forehead smote the ship ' s starboard bow , till men and timbers reeled .
It was on a Friday night and I had packed my suitcases and taken them around to Rachel 's house so her dad could stack them on top of the car . 
He was also intrigued by the breed 's ability to breed all year round , and to drop rangy lambs that could be taken to 18kg with little risk of over-fatness . 
The subtle and interesting studies of personality in The Heart of Princess Osra and Sophy of Kravonia show what Anthony Hope could do when he decided to shape his fiction wholly round a feminine concept of honour .
In he walked , the first and the handsomest ; and after paying his compliments en passant to Miss Bates and her niece , made his way directly to the opposite side of the circle , where sat Miss Woodhouse ; and till he could find a seat by her , would not sit at all .
You could not get away from hearing of him wherever you were ; his portrait was on every other postcard ; his maps and battles in every other illustrated paper ; songs in his honour in every other music - hall turn or on every other barrel - organ .
Took him to the station and routine happened -- they had to call the bridewell surgeon and the drunk could call his own doctor , fixing bail and so on .
Eventually her mother became convinced cannabis could help after reading evidence from doctors in the United States . 
A low-flying German plane could hop over a hangar and massacre a squad with one sudden burst .
` The things I could do if only I had oodles of cash , " she added with an intense longing . 
Anxious to separate herself from them as far as she could , she soon afterwards took possession of a narrow footpath , a little raised on one side of the lane , leaving them together in the main road .
The poor old Moon began to have a bad time of it , for the tree - trunks got in his way so that he could not go so fast as the bed , and every time he got behind , the little boy called , " Hurry up , old Moon , I want the beasts to see me !"
He constantly perceived , however , that he could not impose upon Sir Arthur ; but the idea that he could know all the mazes of the law , and yet prefer the straight road , was incomprehensible .
She could not count the times Herman had rapped on the door , just a couple of bangs that shook the whole damned closet and might , someday , break away the pipe connections from the wall .
`` You could come down to the office once a day , look over a few exchanges , dictate an editorial , and then have the remainder of your time for your more serious literary labors .
I piled everything i could on a sheet in the middle of the floor and tied up the corners …
Sighting a line from the bridge to a small field directly to the side , I pitched the tent that evening on the stateless `` line '' , digging a small trench around it as best I could with a toy spade donated by a neighborhood child .
From the time he had been at college he had achieved a certain tranquility and composure by accepting the fact that there were certain things he could never know .
But he could not have done so , could not have found the way , had fortune favored him .
`` Even if they could bring in that many new skiers , I do n't know if -LCB- the industry -RCB- could handle that kind of an increase , '' says I. William Berry , editor and publisher of the Ski Industry Letter in Katonah , N.Y .
He could use your clothes for a costume and a heavy veil for a mask .
If , indeed , it could be restored to our poor little boy --"
Having seen their suicide campaign blunted , Hamas , like Hezbollah , decided to shift to rocket attacks , which could fly over Israeli defenses .
Meh'Lindi had darted back into a service tunnel and was decamping as fast as could be , cradling Grimm who was wailing like a baby . 
He could now but the weakness is very definite ; ;
MV And South Korea could count on a peculiarly nasty dictatorship to help quicken the pace of its capitalist development .
And when he had tried to bully the guards into making an exception in his case , their officer had politely but firmly stated that there could be no exceptions had n't Shih Berdichev insisted as much ? 
They could hear the squealing roars of their pursuers over the tumult of their mounts ' hoofs . 
If Robinson was a liar and a slanderer , he was also a very canny gentleman , for nothing that Pike could do would pry so much as a single word out of him .
In 1895 , the Royal Free appointed an official ` almoner " to ensure that patients were genuinely poor and that they contributed what they could afford to their treatment . 
The Children 's Society denounced the proposals , which could cost up to £75 million , as a ‘ knee jerk reaction ’ given figures suggesting the number of persistent young offenders could be as low as 100 . 
Do n't you realise you could have set the whole place on fire , and burned yourself and all those other people to death ? " 
The girl had wanted to forgo the tea and sidle out while they could , but Hencke shook his head .
Mr. Belli says he wants to know whether state or federal engineers or private companies could have prevented the damage .
A meteor could fall on San Francisco .
Dionisio , rubusto in his piel de canela , rubbed his penis against him , kissing deep as he could , and S masturbated himself to orgasm , feeling embarrassed at how long it took and how his descending balls were thrown around by the rapid and almost - painful flying grip .
She says she was devastated -- they were a young family with everything to look forward to and it could all have been taken away from them .
If , as seems likely , the Czechoslovak economy has been largely stagnant for 15 years then it is hard to see how domestic resources could be enough . 
Nevertheless , Clara could tell from her tone that she was pleased about something , and , as she took off her blazer and hung it in the cupboard , she waited to hear what it was . 
The paths in his fields were at length unfrequented , his stiles were blocked up with stones or stuffed with brambles and briers , so that not a gosling could creep under , or a giant get over them .
Rosie had an open cheerful face that could n't lie . 
Time plays an essential part in our mortality , and suddenly for no reason he could imagine ( or admit ) the image of Peg laughing filled his mind -- so desirable , so lusty , so full of nuances of pleasure and joy .
It bore so little relation to the vibrant , attractive Caroline Fraser whom Jean could still see so clearly walking towards her in the park only two days before .
They could then see that she looked very ill , were shocked and concerned , and would not stir without her for the world .
What I felt on hearing that your sister was dying -- and dying too , believing me the greatest villain upon earth , scorning , hating me in her latest moments -- for how could I tell what horrid projects might not have been imputed ?
Mallards , coots and moorhens could often be seen and heard waddling about the housing estate where I lived or sometimes even boldly marching up the high street . 
Piggott said all he could remember about the fall was the horse ` stumbled for about 20 yards before his legs gave way " . 
The collection could then be classified hierarchically by choosing one character -- say size -- at random , and dividing the collection into orders according to that character . 
It could be that we are fatally drawn to the mysterious : the water is that which we can not fathom , the unfathomable .
Once it was clear that the room could not be held , he would order its evacuation , men leaving two at a time by the far window . 
Then she ran as fast as she could till she came to her own little farmhouse , and she went in and locked the door with the big key .
" If we had been three hundred we could still have done nothing ."
It could operate under the clouds and perform infrared photography through clouds and at night .
Could anything be so flattering as Mrs . Ferrars ' s way of treating me yesterday ?
In common with most of his contemporaries , he comprehended few methods by which governments could affect the total of demand . 
Perhaps she could stay just the one night , then look for something cheaper in the morning .
If only she could have seen them , seen their disappointment as she hurled their creation back in their honest faces . 
To take a dislike to a young man , only because he appeared to be of a different disposition from himself , was unworthy the real liberality of mind which she was always used to acknowledge in him ; for with all the high opinion of himself , which she had often laid to his charge , she had never before for a moment supposed it could make him unjust to the merit of another .
No market research informed Laura that women were thirsting for long dresses which they could not find . 
He admitted that he knew it was open to him at all times , and he could have rebutted it before the hearing officer .
General Ivanov , who commanded the Russian armies in the south , believed the Austrians would strike eastward , and that the northern armies of his group could then march south and take the invaders in rear . 
Here , this happy , roving son of good fortune proved that he could accept the disciplines of a new social-economic order fighting for its very existence and ideals in a truculent world .
Like a circus Hercules demonstrating how to tear up a telephone directory , he showed me how I too could dismantle a board with my mouth .
12 : 38 All these men of war , that could keep rank , came with a perfect heart to Hebron , to make David king over all Israel : and all the rest also of Israel were of one heart to make David king .
There was nothing Liz could do about that ; there was n't time for love to get in the way ; she had to make sure while she could that the child would be safe .
The University decreed zero hope for recovery for Arthur , though they tried everything they could , and one of the personnel devoted his whole life to Arthur during the six months he was hospitalised there .
But Mr. Keller said that , if computers can be integrated into the process , they could alert an operator as soon as the problem occurred .
To some cause he could never explain he found himself completing the sentence on the top of the wall , having automatically followed the stranger so far .
` Most of the radioactive nuclides would have decayed to stable atoms before they could possibly be released to the environment by the slow corrosion process . "
And the editor ' s fine rational republican appeals to his respect for law , and his ardour to be tried by his fellow citizens , seemed to the police quite as much gibberish as Evan ' s mysticism could have done .
But he was so taken aback , he could not believe any rage of his would make her give in .
Thirteen years had seen her mistress of Kellynch Hall , presiding and directing with a self - possession and decision which could never have given the idea of her being younger than she was .
He certainly knew what was right , nor could she fix on any one article of moral duty evidently transgressed ; but yet she would have been afraid to answer for his conduct .
In addition , the improvement in the health , well-being , and longevity of people living with AIDS could increase the opportunities for HIV transmission .
" Kingbee go down , now " -- the alert from the pilot that he was going in under fire -- were the sweetest words an SOG team could hear , Meyer recalled .
Emma could not resist .
If we are successful in obtaining major reviews , this could require assembling multi-disciplinary teams at short notice to work intensively against tight deadlines .
If launched in a careful but determined way within the next few weeks , the Peace Corps could have several hundred persons in training this summer for placement next fall .
Before they could guess his intention Rankin stepped forward and swung the guard's own gun against the uncovered head , hard .
they could tell exactly what it was .
That was an ill-advised planning decision by the city council , and questions could well be asked about the considerable waste of public money involved in building the new houses in Goodwood road . 
Could it be weeds ?
Dr Irving said a snatcher 's emotional crisis could stem from infertility , the loss of a baby or a craving to be loved . 
I could foresee that these factors might lose us the seat -- even if the Conservative vote was on its best politically correct behaviour on polling day . 
The Doctor looked at Ace in genuine amazement until , with a smile , she raised a hand so he could see the oil glistening on her gloved fingers . 
Higher standards introduced towards the end of the 1960s , by Dr Roy Mackal , at the University of Chicago , revealed how photographs could be faked or mistakes made . 
I have no such scruples , and I am sure I could put up with every unpleasantness of that kind with very little effort ."
She prayed the guttering would hold her weight as she slowly hauled herself up until she could sit astride the peak of the roof . 
Morse's knowledge of what Mrs. Borden told Bridget could indicate that he had returned secretly to the house and was hidden there .
By the end of the week , two of our first-year novitiates could ski faster than I. My son and his friend Julien duelled nonchalantly with ski-poles as they bombed downhill . 
She could hardly have been much of a friend of Liza because , although her daughter had never been forthcoming about her time in the ATS , she had certainly never mentioned an Eleanor Fuller . 
This could be a chance event , or may result from selection for certain X-linked alleles during embryonic development , as has been described in carriers of X-linked immunodeficiencies [ 17 ] .
All were shabby ; all had about them the cleanliness of icy well-water , spoiled and fetid with the reek of the city , that nothing but fire could dispel . 
However , the expertise , equipment , and methodologies involved are intrinsically dual - use , and thus could conceivably be applied for illicit purposes if so desired .
" But , could you be comfortable yourself , to be spending the whole evening away from the poor boy ?"
Gazzer could see Tony going into the lighted ticket-booth to read his comic .
So intolerable indeed is it regarded by some , that no cupidity could persuade them to moor alongside of it .
Such an organization could , among other things , set minimum standards for competence , ethics and finances and punish those investment advisers who broke the rules .
Not so long ago many builders were finding they could cut their costs by `` buying direct '' and short-cutting the dealer .
You could have no clue of their passion for snooker -- bad snooker , at that -- from the information they allow you on their book jackets .
But you could not meet him for five minutes without realizing that you had really been ruled by him all your life .
They frustrate the interviewer who wants to know specific tangible facts about the past to assess how this information could be utilised in the future . 
Emma could not suppose any such thing , knowing as she did , that both the Mr . Knightleys were as unpersuadable on that article as herself ;-- and two basins only were ordered .
` What was there that I could possibly object to ? " she countered smoothly . 
She was rather provoked indeed that she could not learn exactly how each of the ladies was dressed , and what there was to be for dinner at the Abbey ; and she was curious beyond measure to find out what Miss Somers meant , by saying that she would call at Mr . Price ' s cottage at six o ' clock in the evening .
She now felt so dangerously soporific that even the sneaking fear of Roman 's insidious effect on her could n't rouse her from this lovely torpor …
It could have been anyone's infant , for it had not survived the bassinet .
Moreover , the liberals on the staff were sensibly content that the reforms of 1944 had eliminated all fee-paying from the school , and that they could deliver first-rate academic education to the brighter boys of Battersea . 
From what I could see , peeping out from behind the lace curtains in the living-room , nobody was admitting to much . 
There were fears that the crane could buckle due to the heat and collapse .
2 : 59 And these were they which went up from Telmelah , Telharsa , Cherub , Addan , and Immer : but they could not shew their father ' s house , and their seed , whether they were of Israel : 2 : 60 The children of Delaiah , the children of Tobiah , the children of Nekoda , six hundred fifty and two .
It would probably be better to drop in at The Times ' party , see who he could find to have dinner with and take pot luck in a town not noted for its restaurants .
Iraqi and U. S. forces captured one suicide bomber before he could detonate his explosives belt , U. S. officials said .
How I wish you could answer me . " 
It is not that I did not think of it , or desire it , as what could alone crown all my other success ; but I was proud , too proud to ask again .
Could the laws of war be further developed to address the nuclear weapons question more directly and explicitly ? 
Now he could understand why the Finns came running out of their saunas and rolled themselves in the snow . 
The appearance of the latter could not be more than the surprise of the moment .
This result could be explained by the absence of a fall in blood pressure between as well as within groups .
She had little difficulty ; it was soon determined that they would go ; go to - morrow , fix themselves at the inn , or get into lodgings , as it suited , and there remain till dear Louisa could be moved .
Such understanding helps to explain why one matron celebrating thirty-five years of married life could declare with some pride that her husband had `` never seen her entirely naked '' , while another woman , boasting an equal number of years of married life , is proud of having `` shared the nudist way of life -- the really free , natural nude life -- for most of that period '' .
Burt was at Hackettstown and Will at Albany Law School , where they surely could not hear it .
she got out of the coffee shop before the incident could be repeated .
Her remark that she could always have stayed home and made cookies has discomfited Republicans , not least Barbara Bush . 
Three hundred Catholic miners marched in from Cleator Moor , four miles away , intercepted him outside the meeting-hall , beat him as hard as they could , and left him for dead .
A breeze blew so clean and sweet , that one could not think that it blew from the sky ; it blew rather through some hole in the sky .
She did n't whisper , because that could be more irritating than talking . 
If you parted the net curtains and peered sideways and upwards you could see one tiny piece of bright blue sky , but you might pull a muscle doing it . 
The absence of such a universally adopted standard whereby the human conscience could have been developed to have a significant influence on human behaviour , has been the cause of much failure in efforts to administer justice .
` Do n't tell me that you trust the whole world , " Alyssia could n't resist rejoining . 
But creditors are free to press for court approval of their own plan , or the court could ignore both sides and draw its own .
He never could see it .
I also did n't attach my Linux machine to the company network -- because I could n't find easy instructions in my books , and further consultations with the Helpdesk would have been cheating .
She had given them neither men , nor names , nor places , that could raise a blush .
I wish your fruit could make him well , and it would be worth its weight in gold to me , at least .
22 : 39 And I have consumed them , and wounded them , that they could not arise : yea , they are fallen under my feet .
In that both cities end their fiscal years on September 30 , they could levy taxes for an interim period of nine months , commencing with September 30 and ending with June 30 .
If , in any case following trial and conviction by the jury , the judge were to die before passing sentence , there would be no court seised of the case by which sentence could be passed . 
No one could be more devoted than he to the American Congress as an institution and more aware of its historical significance in the political history of the world , and I shall never forget his moving talks , delivered in simple yet eloquent words , upon the meaning of our jobs as Representatives in the operation of representative government and their importance in the context of today's assault upon popular government .
Even if the arrangement within each class was a branching tree , the classes themselves could be set one above the other to form a continuous sequence . 
He could hear the loud yet muffled interchanges between his father , John Carter , and his stepmother of only a few months , Rhoda . 
I think you could have heard him a mile away , and he was bursting at every seam with importance .
By calibrating the electrode with solutions of predetermined enantiomeric purity Parker and his colleagues could then measure directly the enantiomeric purity of the fourth diastereoisomer , the biologically active ( - ) -ephedrinium salt .
Because the antibodies to D-AKAP1 and RIα were produced in rabbit and mouse , respectively , double-labeling confocal experiments could be performed with these antibodies on the same tissue slice in order to test for colocalization .
`` We have tried to make both paths attractive , so that good men could find opportunity and satisfaction in either .
As far as my old man could find out , it was abandoned two generations ago , or more .
But that I am forbid To tell the secrets of my Prison - House ; I could a Tale vnfold , whose lightest word Would harrow vp thy soule , freeze thy young blood , Make thy two eyes like Starres , start from their Spheres , Thy knotty and combined lockes to part , And each particular haire to stand an end , Like Quilles vpon the fretfull Porpentine : But this eternall blason must not be To eares of flesh and bloud ; list Hamlet , oh list , If thou didst euer thy deare Father loue
But there was nobody to wind the little gold nightingale up , and of course it could not sing .
We could shove the other one in the wreck of the old car . " 
We planned ahead only one step , a rendezvous for tomorrow when we could swap notes .
` He 's just phoned from the car to say that as far as he could tell Harry had nothing to do with it . 
I mean , there 's a death certificate for her and I do n't see how it could be faked . 
He could hardly believe he was getting in .
They were almost inconspicuous beneath the hem of her satin dress , though nothing could quite disguise her limp . 
He could n't have observed her intent scrutiny which was fuelled by an unfamiliar feeling she found deeply shocking . 
I have no idea what I shall be doing even this time next year ; I have n't any achievements or even firm plans that I could offer you .
When sorting the stimulus cards into order , it was ensured that subjects could not see the cards or the experimenter 's worksheet , on which s/he recorded the subject 's responses .
To have to lie there in his coffin on Ingham 's counter and hear somebody like Tommy Drennan murder a good song like ` Slievenamon " and himself lying there and could do nothing about it ! 
She was all pleasure and gratitude , both for Harriet and herself , and longed to be thanking him ; and though too distant for speech , her countenance said much , as soon as she could catch his eye again .
Only across a distance of time could the epic accounting begin .
To give such intelligence to a person who could not be interested in it , even if it were true , is not what I should expect Colonel Brandon to do ."
I could not bear to leave the country in a manner that might lead you , or the rest of the neighbourhood , to suspect any part of what had really passed between Mrs . Smith and myself -- and I resolved therefore on calling at the cottage , in my way to Honiton .
Only a week earlier on Palm Sunday , it seemed possible that Jesus could have led a rebellion against the hated Romans . 
renting of space could be made much more efficient where a lot of the accounting is just you know incredibly Byzantine and could be straightened out and where lots of different government activities are redundant
Could we be ready in 15 minutes ? ?
On the right , the advance was once more quickly halted before worthwhile gains could be made or a significant number of Germans captured . 
When they turned off the main road Uncle George had to drive at little more than walking pace , for he could n't see where the lane ended and the ditches at the sides began , for snow cloaked everything . 
` May -- " he started to say , but I crammed a cushion into his mouth before he could finish . 
Nothing could be more expressive of attachment to them all , than Willoughby ' s behaviour .
in evil strait this day I stand Before my Judge ; either to undergo Myself the total crime , or to accuse My other self , the partner of my life ; Whose failing , while her faith to me remains , I should conceal , and not expose to blame By my complaint : but strict necessity Subdues me , and calamitous constraint ; Lest on my head both sin and punishment , However insupportable , be all Devolved ; though should I hold my peace , yet thou Wouldst easily detect what I conceal .-- This Woman , whom thou madest to be my help , And gavest me as thy perfect gift , so good , So fit , so acceptable , so divine , That from her hand I could suspect no ill , And what she did , whatever in itself , Her doing seemed to justify the deed ; She gave me of the tree , and I did eat .
The `` places '' could be anywhere , the idiosyncrasies and foibles observed there could be anybody's , and the laugh is on us all .
No doubt she could see the danger signs when things displeased her powerful son . 
Please , if you could give me a few minutes of your valuable time or guide me to the right person to describe the significant benefits of what we offer .
I could show what I can do '' .
6 : 4 Then the presidents and princes sought to find occasion against Daniel concerning the kingdom ; but they could find none occasion nor fault ; forasmuch as he was faithful , neither was there any error or fault found in him .
However , he seemed affected by it , and said , " I believe this Maurice loves you well enough , Arthur , and he seems a good sort of boy ; but as to the raspberries , I believe all that he says about them is but an excuse ; and , at anyrate , as I could not get ' em when I asked for them , I ' ll not have ' em now .
Behind was the black cave , masked with green thorn , so low that it was hard to believe that a man could enter it .
` Surely , no one could be so cruel as to deliberately set out to starve a child to death ? " 
Usually they were successful , occasionally they were driven off ; but the bees could be told that the Maclean dead were amply revenged . 
We were then on the coast path , near an old abandoned aerodrome and could see ahead in the distance Wooltack Point near a cluster of islands . 
He called on the UN initially to deploy teams of military observers , but other Bosnian officials said yesterday they hoped a peace-keeping force could follow . 
The body of a young child works at the maximum rate , enabling the child to process far more information in a given time than an adult could .
The Security Council could request well-crafted covert arrest operations by key governments to capture any Libyan indicted for atrocities .
The same reasoning , I suspect , saw to it that at one time you could n't get olives , only peanut and crisps , in smart bars in Spain , because olives were what peasants ate .
I remember him pointing out of the window and saying that he wished he could live to see another spring but that he wouldn't .
Cook had discovered a beef in his possession a few days earlier and , when he could not show the hide , arrested him .
These vessels were fitted with a ` wet chamber " through which a diver could leave the submarine and , it was hoped , make an underwater inspection of the Russian ships in the harbour .
The least he could do was offer the pitiful little man a possible escape by playing on his spurious temporary reputation as an authority figure . 
he could spare so considerable a sum with little inconvenience ."
We could n't afford to buy and rents are exorbitant . 
A randomization of `` ups '' and `` downs '' is more likely than ordered `` ups '' and `` downs '' in position ( 3 ) since the hydrogen atoms are well separated and so the position of one could hardly affect the position of another , and also since ordered `` up '' and `` down '' implies a larger unit cell , for which no evidence exists .
This week John MacGregor launched a debate on a scheme which could , in the medium term , turn Britain 's motorways into money-earners by charging motorists to drive on them . 
` I could not get a pardon for Simon , you know that , Brother , but I showed him one last mercy . "
From there she could have travelled to France or Belgium but it is not known whether she boarded a ferry .
But his word was in mine heart as a burning fire shut up in my bones , and I was weary with forbearing , and I could not stay .
Turnbull was the first to leap into the garden , with an earth - spurning leap like that of one who could really spread his wings and fly .
The big dog was so excited he could hardly stand still . 
I am somewhat far from the stage , but it was the best seat I could get at such short notice . "
It manifested itself in the small hours at such an advanced stage that no cure save amputation of the head could bring relief . 
And , as far as she could see , he had n't changed one iota !
The tide was turning and he could see debris drifting downstream in the yellow afternoon light towards the River Gate , a mere hundred yards downstream . 
“ The main contention of the appellant in this House and in the Court of Appeal was that Mr. Occhi had consented to the taking of the £6 and that , consequently , his conviction could not stand . 
He might have been the man in the moon for all you could have understood him .
It was a long , well - written letter , giving the particulars of his journey and of his feelings , expressing all the affection , gratitude , and respect which was natural and honourable , and describing every thing exterior and local that could be supposed attractive , with spirit and precision .
She was just in time to ascertain that it really was Mr Elliot , which she had never believed , before he disappeared on one side , as Mrs Clay walked quickly off on the other ; and checking the surprise which she could not but feel at such an appearance of friendly conference between two persons of totally opposite interest , she calmly said , " Yes , it is Mr Elliot , certainly .
She could determine nothing at present .
but the phenomena observed had such a degree of analogy to those depending on electrical distribution that one could not find the slightest difference .
He'd not care about getting waked so he could give up some of his whisky to a slit of a kid and maybe lose one of his hiding places in the bargain .
It 's very New York that he is the choice for health guru ; it could n't happen anywhere else ; it 's the way the macrobiotic cookies crumble in this city that never sleeps . 
The cause of five of these fits no one could discover : but the last , and most lamentable , was occasioned by a disappointment about a worked muslin frock ; and accordingly , at dressing time , her maid brought it to her , exclaiming , " See here , miss , what your mamma has sent you on your birthday .
She could act and she could write .
It had then seemed the object nearest her heart , that Dr Shirley , the rector , who for more than forty years had been zealously discharging all the duties of his office , but was now growing too infirm for many of them , should be quite fixed on engaging a curate ; should make his curacy quite as good as he could afford , and should give Charles Hayter the promise of it .
And before he could possibly find that weapon or any other , a brisk running of feet broke upon the pavement outside , and the square face of Cutler was thrust into the same doorway .
5 : 2 And Solomon sent to Hiram , saying , 5 : 3 Thou knowest how that David my father could not build an house unto the name of the LORD his God for the wars which were about him on every side , until the LORD put them under the soles of his feet .
A hell of an altitude for a barrel roll , but it could be done .
How could a sovereign who reigned by the will of the people resist totally such overt manifestations -- confirmed as they were by the reports of similar sentiments being expressed the length and breadth of France ? 
Lynsey was researching a project on how women could defend themselves from potential rapists and sex attackers and planning a BBC documentary on the subject .
Frank Churchill came back again ; and if he kept his father ' s dinner waiting , it was not known at Hartfield ; for Mrs . Weston was too anxious for his being a favourite with Mr . Woodhouse , to betray any imperfection which could be concealed .
In such a frame of mind as she was now in , Elinor had no difficulty in obtaining from her whatever promise she required ; and at her request , Marianne engaged never to speak of the affair to any one with the least appearance of bitterness ;-- to meet Lucy without betraying the smallest increase of dislike to her ;-- and even to see Edward himself , if chance should bring them together , without any diminution of her usual cordiality .-- These were great concessions ;-- but where Marianne felt that she had injured , no reparation could be too much for her to make .
`` -- had enough brains to call ya up so as ya could do sompin about it when the parents -- I coulda let her go go '' -- His eyes were lowered , so he couldn't have seen the narrow , pointed face of his companion suddenly writhe with fury ; ;
Elinor made what excuse she could for her .
Lady Russell said not another word , willing to leave the matter to its own operation ; and believing that , could Mr Elliot at that moment with propriety have spoken for himself !-- she believed , in short , what Anne did not believe .
He was then the inferior in circumstances ; he was then the poor one ; he had chambers in the Temple , and it was as much as he could do to support the appearance of a gentleman .
After the October 1979 coup , Archbishop Romero declared that the new regime lacked any popular backing and could only count on the support of a " few foreign powers " .
But " no , she would go down ; she could bear it very well , and the bustle about her would be less ."
But for this , the avenue had the usual appearance of the entrance to a gentleman ' s grounds ; and , being so curved that the house was now out of sight , somehow looked a much larger park than any plantation on such an island could really be .
He could think of no answer .
The minutiae of the business Anne could not attempt to understand ; even Captain Wentworth did not seem admitted to perfect confidence here ; but that there had been a withdrawing on the gentleman ' s side , and a relenting on the lady ' s , and that they were now very glad to be together again , did not admit a doubt .
No , the fish could eat their bodies for all the Sturch cared .
His father was a gentleman , who spent rather more than he could afford ; and Hal , from the example of the servants in his father ' s family , with whom he had passed the first years of his childhood , learned to waste more of everything than he used .
To that Rousseau could agree .
Tess could not see his face , and could not understand why the head-dairyman himself should call him sir . 
But she could n't afford to be angry -- or to offend him again , she realised , and took a deep and calming breath . 
The software was inexpensive and could run on a single or dual disk drive system . 
The officials dutifully ruled out the idea , all the while sketching concessions by which Milosevic could persuade them to halt the bombing .
I could not bear it for Emma !-- Emma is not strong .
Elinor ' s delight , as she saw what each felt in the meeting , was only checked by an apprehension of its robbing Marianne of farther sleep ;-- but Mrs . Dashwood could be calm , could be even prudent , when the life of a child was at stake , and Marianne , satisfied in knowing her mother was near her , and conscious of being too weak for conversation , submitted readily to the silence and quiet prescribed by every nurse around her .
So that by no possibility could Coleridge ' s wild Rhyme have had aught to do with those mystical impressions which were mine , when I saw that bird upon our deck .
She strained back , her hands scrabbling and slipping on the smoothly varnished cabin-top , humiliated at his arrogant assumption that whatever he wanted he could have just because he was a Venetian prince . 
We could hear them banging about , shifting things and wondered nervously if we were in for another move .
` James , you 're doing an excellent job for the Maurin defence , but why could n't he have kidnapped one old woman and killed the other ? " 
In a sense almost all high school and college courses could be considered as vocational to the extent that later in life the student in his vocation ( which may be a profession ) will be called upon to use some of the skills developed and the competence obtained .
It was , to his delight , leaking but still seaworthy ; but an interested crowd of MacIans had gathered on the shore , and even Lachlan could see that to row up Kentra Bay to attack Arivegaig , with an audience eagerly running ahead to arrange a warm welcome for him , was scarcely sensible . 
Elinor , according to her expectation , saw on the two or three following days , that Marianne did not continue to gain strength as she had done ; but while her resolution was unsubdued , and she still tried to appear cheerful and easy , her sister could safely trust to the effect of time upon her health .
The trundle - bed had castors on it so that it could be rolled about , and there was nothing in the world the little boy liked so much as to have it rolled .
Sir John Egan told reporters at London 's Motorfair yesterday he `` would be disappointed if we could n't do -LCB- the deal -RCB- within a month . ''
Mr. Hawksley believes that East Providence could use two more rescue trucks , similar to the CD vehicle obtained several years ago and now detailed to the Central Fire Station .
With the problem of the universe revolving in me , how could I -- being left completely to myself at such a thought - engendering altitude -- how could I but lightly hold my obligations to observe all whale - ships ' standing orders , " Keep your weather eye open , and sing out every time ."
When he heard that Paul Whiteman was looking for singers to replace the Rhythm Boys , Mercer applied and got the job , `` not for my voice , I'm sure , but because I could write songs and material generally '' .
It occurred mainly in communities with poor diets and was eventually identified as a deficiency disease which could be promptly and completely cured by supplying adequate food . 
She could n't take her eyes off it . 
She was delighted with the fortitude of her little friend -- for fortitude she knew it was in her to give up being in company and stay at home ; and she could now invite the very person whom she really wanted to make the eighth , Jane Fairfax .-- Since her last conversation with Mrs . Weston and Mr . Knightley , she was more conscience - stricken about Jane Fairfax than she had often been .-- Mr .
If I could call in , they could check the story while we were on our way .
If you feel that your child may be mixing with youngsters who sniff glue , you could talk to your child and warn him or her of the possible risks and dangers involved . 
It seemed to me that if I could only run away with this , and give it to Philip like a wild sort of wedding - ring , it would be a bond between us for ever ; I felt a thousand such things at once .
When the Marquis was informed by his seconds that Syme could only fight in the morning , he must fully have realised that an obstacle had suddenly arisen between him and his bomb - throwing business in the capital .
On Monday , the Hughes concern was formally declared bankrupt after its directors indicated they could not draw up a plan for reorganization .
The existing constitution stipulated that in the event of the president 's death , the vice-president must act in place of the president for the ninety days which would elapse before an election could be held .
His agitation seemed an aspect of my fading dream , and it was several moments before I could take in what he was saying . 
Conscious that British audiences were almost wholly uninterested in British films , some members of the industry increased their efforts to secure through persuasion and publicity what the films so patently could not . 
The Field Mouse hurried as fast as he could down the last stairs , and pushed through just as the door was closing .
He could not be prevailed upon to eat any of the supper which had been prepared for him ; however , with a faint smile , he told Susan that he thought he could eat one of her guinea - hen ' s eggs .
No longer could I detect a whiff of stale odour , but the pleasant aroma of his aftershave . 
The scar on his upper lip twitched occasionally , yet she could never be sure . 
I could evoke no further elaboration from her about this ; ;
Their total vote of 1,510 was 600 votes short of Conaty ( Independent ) with 2134 , and no amount of vote transfer between them could have postponed the elimination of any of them until after Conaty .
He could see inside by standing on his toes , and he shone his torch round the place . 
Staging a swift attack before the fighters there could move on , coalition forces killed 27 militants and seized a large cache of rocket-propelled grenades and other weapons .
Which would be fine if she could think of anything even remotely amusing to say , she thought wryly . 
The program , available to Upjohn employees 55 years old or older , could increase an individual 's retirement benefits 10% to 20% .
Indeed Anglo-American differences could themselves be evidence of the multiplicity and intimacy of contacts . 
We were turned , lifted , pushed , lowered , pressed and turned again in a direction that could n't be guessed , only feared . 
One could scarcely blame her parents for disliking the connection . " 
But he went to Mass with a simple exactitude that could not be mistaken for a pose , or even for a vulgar fascination .
In the end , Mr. Davis used junk bonds so that he could raise Paramount 's bid to $ 200 a share .
One could hear a very faint , ladylike sigh of relief .
` I 'd smash them with my bare hands if I could . 
I knew the only way I could beat you was to play possum , but it was a good try , kid , and I appreciate it .
There is my father -- another of my father -- but the idea of sitting for his picture made him so nervous , that I could only take him by stealth ; neither of them very like therefore .
" If it was n't for you two , " my mother told us , " I could be off somewhere else . " 
And , they warn , any further drop in the government 's popularity could swiftly make this promise sound hollow .
She says I fidget her to death ; and Miss Woodhouse looks as if she could almost say the same .
`` It 's a very valuable weapon in their armory , '' which could enable Ford to bid sooner for Jaguar , observed Mr. Barber of James Capel .
But it is picking up ; provided its core Californian property portfolio does not spring any unpleasant surprises , First Interstate could be an attractive buy .
In contrast , hESCs could provide an unlimited number of specialized cells .
Then , before anyone could stop her , Doreen rushed across the kitchen to slap Lucy 's face and pound viciously at her head with closed fists . 
The only wonder was , what they could be waiting for , till the business at Lyme came ; then , indeed , it was clear enough that they must wait till her brain was set to right .
The fund could invest $ 87 for one year in Treasury bills yielding 8 % to return the guaranteed $ 95 .
` People ask why I do n't tour round seeing the sights , but I could see sights in Australia and be warm . 
Charles Musgrove was civil and agreeable ; in sense and temper he was undoubtedly superior to his wife , but not of powers , or conversation , or grace , to make the past , as they were connected together , at all a dangerous contemplation ; though , at the same time , Anne could believe , with Lady Russell , that a more equal match might have greatly improved him ; and that a woman of real understanding might have given more consequence to his character , and more usefulness , rationality , and elegance to his habits and pursuits .
I thought I could not be so deceived ; but now , it is clear ; the state of his mind is as clear and decided , as my wishes on the subject have been ever since I knew you .
This of course , Alice could not stand , and she went round the court and got behind him , and very soon found an opportunity of taking it away .
Oakly paid his attorney ten golden guineas , remarked that it was a great sum for him to pay , and that nothing but the love of justice could make him persevere in this lawsuit about a bit of ground , " which , after all ," said he , " is not worth twopence .
30 : 10 But David pursued , he and four hundred men : for two hundred abode behind , which were so faint that they could not go over the brook Besor .
People could not be expected to risk their jobs for a colleague .
" No duel could wipe it out .
And the disturbances could not strictly be called racial : the most prominent feature was that of violent clashes between young people and the police . 
32 : 14 Who was there among all the gods of those nations that my fathers utterly destroyed , that could deliver his people out of mine hand , that your God should be able to deliver you out of mine hand ?
Even then , if she took one step forward he could catch her .
Henrietta could easily identify herself with Jo March , although Jo was not the eldest sister .
The stimulus for these changes has been a combination of my own experiences of doing mathematics and the discovery that my pupils could do mathematics in ways that I had not appreciated before . 
Two such could never be granted .
I sauntered about for an hour before I could find Sir James Macdonald …
How good the meal was depended entirely on what the cook was like , you could n't believe the difference . 
Could I risk offending Lord Lane ? 
She could n't phone for help . 
The President was perturbed at the signs of Russian obduracy over Poland but felt that cooperation with Moscow could be preserved if the correct blend of firmness and concession was applied . 
Eight years later , the young man writes flamboyantly to his fiancee , " I believe that with a bucket of sand and a wishing lamp I could create a world in half a second that would make this one look like a hunk of mud . "
`` I could n't afford to hire 16 whites .
While he did n't envy Frobisher his job , William Bird could cope well enough with the less salubrious demands of his own . 
We 'd then pull out a sandwich and a cake , put it on the tray : nobody could see what they were eating , and we 'd pocket the difference . 
Gregory ' s big bull ' s eyes blinked suddenly like those of an angry lion , and one could almost fancy that his red mane rose .
did I not know thee brave as fearless fire ( and as mechanical ) I could swear thou wert a poltroon .
" No .-- He thinks Marianne ' s affection too deeply rooted for any change in it under a great length of time , and even supposing her heart again free , is too diffident of himself to believe , that with such a difference of age and disposition he could ever attach her .
A few months ago , even the gruffest company bosses could be heard enthusing over jazzy Department of Employment leaflets . 
He shone his torch ahead but all he could see was its bright reflection against the shiny damp wall . 
Adam , celebrating his second victory over Johnson this week , gasped : ` I did n't think I could get this far . 
` I could sell my pearl necklace . 
Even from across the pool we could hear the yammer of their animated conversation . 
" It was not inclination that he wanted , Elinor ; I could plainly see THAT .
Moreover , after concentration using negative pressure dialysis , agglutinin activity could sometimes be detected in the region designated 2a ( donors P. J. , D. A. , and J. F. , Fig. 1 ) .
Requiring temperature controls in factories would mean that both thermostats and insulation would have to be imported into Poland , until factories could be established there .
The tiger that was nearest to him , and which he could see most easily , seemed so bored that he did the same thing day after day , hour after hour . 
Is there anything else you could think of for me ?"
` I spent ages crawling around the hotel 's foundations and could n't find a way out . 
Nor , at any time , by night or day could the mariners now step upon the deck , unless Ahab was before them ; either standing in his pivot - hole , or exactly pacing the planks between two undeviating limits ,-- the main - mast and the mizen ; or else they saw him standing in the cabin - scuttle ,-- his living foot advanced upon the deck , as if to step ; his hat slouched heavily over his eyes ; so that however motionless he stood , however the days and nights were added on , that he had not swung in his hammock ; yet hidden beneath that slouching hat , they could never tell unerringly whether , for all this , his eyes were really closed at times ; or whether he was still intently scanning them ; no matter , though he stood so in the scuttle for a whole hour on the stretch , and the unheeded night - damp gathered in beads of dew upon that stone - carved coat and hat .
` N-n-no -- I-I mean , he was stuck ! " stammered Virginia , when she could answer . 
Well-housed and fed with no money worries and a properly clean and organised environment for their infants , away from men who battered or abused them , they and their children could flourish . 
At the top as he walked across the plateau , he could see the light from the fire in the main shrine , flickering through the open door and out between the pillars of the veranda . 
He was so unique that nobody could quite decide whether he was a great aristocrat who had taken up Art , or a great artist whom the aristocrats had taken up .
Only the wealthier trusts could afford his standards , but if they did so they purchased a road good for more than a century . 
He could not have done so much in so brief a time . 
In fact , it could be said that the only women these days who sport one single fragrance , all the time , are those famous glamour-pusses -- Joan Collins , Elizabeth Taylor , Paloma Picasso , and so on -- who are paid several millions of dollars a year to endorse a ` signature " scent , on condition they never allow gossipy fellow lunchers in smart restaurants to get an illicit whiff of ` Chanel No 5 " as they swan by . 
" I wish we could contrive it ," said she ; " but I cannot think of any tolerable pretence for going in ;-- no servant that I want to inquire about of his housekeeper -- no message from my father ."
But the Chancellor 's move gives no clear ` get green " signal to commerce and could leave the country open to accusations of dragging its heels . 
I could not have stood it .
I could smell woodsmoke , grease , and oil .
Step out of the hotel and your senses will be bombarded by a range of sights , sounds , smells , tastes , and textures that let you know that you could only be in Jamaica .
And in short , he had looked and said everything with such exquisite grace , that they could assure them all , their heads were both turned by him ; and off they ran , quite as full of glee as of love , and apparently more full of Captain Wentworth than of little Charles .
With the aid of that I could hear my man moving around , heard him cough a couple of times , heard the toilet flush , heard the sound of water running .
Since the signing of these agreements , the United States has continuously expressed its opposition to the Bushehr deal because of fears that the deal could provide Iran with knowledge and technology to support a nuclear weapons program .
Previously , the Aquino administration had been reluctant to charge Marcos or his wife with a criminal offence , for fear that their presence in the country could provoke an uprising by their supporters . 
There was n't much Walter did n't know about machines , and what he did n't know he could learn in five minutes .
With the exception , perhaps , of Admiral and Mrs Croft , who seemed particularly attached and happy , ( Anne could allow no other exceptions even among the married couples ), there could have been no two hearts so open , no tastes so similar , no feelings so in unison , no countenances so beloved .
Harmonisation could be limited to essential requirements in order for health and public safety considerations to be accounted for , and to ensure technical compatibility of products . 
For two years his friend and cousin , Boisbriant , remained as acting governor and could do little to stem the Anglican advance .
Here , the answer depends upon whether those unresolved arguments could have been determined otherwise .
It was known that they were a little acquainted ; but not a syllable of real information could Emma procure as to what he truly was .
He said the tie-up would mean Jaguar could `` develop cars down range -LCB- in price -RCB- from where we are '' by offering access to GM 's high-volume parts production .
I was sure it could not be far off ; but I had put my huswife upon it , you see , without being aware , and so it was quite hid , but I had it in my hand so very lately that I was almost sure it must be on the table .
He did not advance a word of praise beyond what she knew to be thoroughly deserved by Mrs . Weston ; but , undoubtedly he could know very little of the matter .
Mobility allowance , for example , could be extended to all older people who were eligible to claim it , but to do so requires an expression of political conviction that age discrimination is unjust . 
One after another they peered in , for nothing but their own eyes could persuade such ignorance as theirs , and one after another they slunk away .
As the first collective confrontation of the Nazi outrage , the Trial of Eichmann represents a recovery of the Jews from the shock of the death camps , a recovery that took fifteen years and which is still by no means complete ( though let no one believe that it could be hastened by silence ) .
The lace cravat was really too much , but he could hardly say so . 
By the time they had risen a few hundred feet higher nothing could be seen of that darkening landscape except the lines of lighted windows , each one of which , at least , was the light of one lost intelligence .
` I could do with a breath of fresh air . " 
This is a problem which the band themselves could easily solve by restructuring their media policy .
You could just sort of tuck it in here under her waistband .
Its petrol tank was dented and there was a big oil patch underneath , but no signs of life that Henry could see . 
Hunt 's boots were in front of him and he could hear Byrne crawling behind him . 
I do n't think I could cope with your heartbreak . " 
Once things had returned to normal , he would have been quietly elbowed out of power so that the parties could resume their disastrous " game " .
" Could you let me look at it ?"
But Marianne could no more satisfy him as to the colour of Mr . Willoughby ' s pointer , than he could describe to her the shades of his mind .
And who but Mr . Knightley could know and bear with Mr . Woodhouse , so as to make such an arrangement desirable !-- The difficulty of disposing of poor Mr . Woodhouse had been always felt in her husband ' s plans and her own , for a marriage between Frank and Emma .
We departed by the garden staircase , bringing with us only such articles of apparel and personal effects as could be worn or carried . 
For her own sake she could not be rude ; and for Harriet ' s , in the hope that all would yet turn out right , she was even positively civil ; but it was an effort ; especially as something was going on amongst the others , in the most overpowering period of Mr . Elton ' s nonsense , which she particularly wished to listen to .
Harriet was farther unfortunate in the tone of her companions at Mrs . Goddard ' s ; Mr . Elton being the adoration of all the teachers and great girls in the school ; and it must be at Hartfield only that she could have any chance of hearing him spoken of with cooling moderation or repellent truth .
That could widen the yield spread between Treasurys and asset-backed securities , as well as make it tougher to unload the latter .
I , overjoyed , could not forbear aloud .
`` I think by the end of next week he could get out in the air a little .
Ace stuck out her tongue at Daak , who was grinning at her through the shuttle 's front window , but she doubted whether he could see her face inside the suit . 
It would be even more valuable because that same aircraft could immediately destroy any targets it discovered -- no need to wait for a missile to come all the way from the United States with the chance that the target , if it were mobile , would be gone .
In the leafiest part of the tree , straddling a broad horizontal limb , he could see over the meadow .
Under no circumstances could we mistake one for the other ; ;
The organizations identified several critical success factors that they viewed as essential to establishing , developing , and maintaining effective information - sharing relationships , which could benefit critical infrastructure protection efforts .
She questioned him as to the society in Yorkshire -- the extent of the neighbourhood about Enscombe , and the sort ; and could make out from his answers that , as far as Enscombe was concerned , there was very little going on , that their visitings were among a range of great families , none very near ; and that even when days were fixed , and invitations accepted , it was an even chance that Mrs . Churchill were not in health and spirits for going ; that they made a point of visiting no fresh person ; and that , though he had his separate engagements , it was not without difficulty , without considerable address _at_ _times_ , that he could get away , or introduce an acquaintance for a night .
Until quite recently , `` sterile '' maggots could be bought to apply to a wound ; ;
But what quarter could a poor defenseless woman expect from a dictator who would even make so bold as to close all of the banks in our great nation ? ?
She had depended on a twilight walk to the Grecian temple , and perhaps all over the grounds , and an evening merely cold or damp would not have deterred her from it ; but a heavy and settled rain even SHE could not fancy dry or pleasant weather for walking .
John Lahr told me of his astonishment at how unpleasant he could be to waiters at the Indian restaurant they visited together . 
Do n't store old newspapers or other inflammable materials under the stairs , where they could fuel a fire and cut off your primary escape route .
I never knew him myself ; I only heard of him ; but there was a something in his conduct then , with regard to my father and sister , and afterwards in the circumstances of his marriage , which I never could quite reconcile with present times .
All which Sir , though I most powerfully , and potently beleeue ; yet I holde it not Honestie to haue it thus set downe : For you your selfe Sir , should be old as I am , if like a Crab you could go backward
Plavinsky 's joyfully energetic White on Black ( 1961 ) could be said to be uplifting , Rabin 's Winter Landscape ( 1959 ) , could be said to have reflected Soviet reality in a truthful light . 
One person could cope provided that she was always doing things .
They could come on him now without difficulty .
how could you be both at once ? ?
Other opportunities of making her observations could not fail to occur .
The Stranglers were the punk band your dad could appreciate ; assuming you had a dad , that is .
'' Finally , after almost being beaten to death by a madman -- he could not fight back because madmen are sacred to Islam -- he throws up his mission and returns to Europe .
On the evening of the victory celebrations in 1945 , ` there could not have been a single table in our country where the people gathered round it were not conscious of an empty place . " 
You could n't hardly see across the room sometimes . 
He managed to communicate to a certain extent through gestures and facial expressions , and he could put together short sentences . 
But these objections had all , with that happy ardour of youth which Marianne and her mother equally shared , been overcome or overlooked ; and Elinor , in spite of every occasional doubt of Willoughby ' s constancy , could not witness the rapture of delightful expectation which filled the whole soul and beamed in the eyes of Marianne , without feeling how blank was her own prospect , how cheerless her own state of mind in the comparison , and how gladly she would engage in the solicitude of Marianne ' s situation to have the same animating object in view , the same possibility of hope .
He watched his tears drip onto the floor and wondered from a great distance why he could not feel them running down his face . 
If you feel that you could interest your class members , family , friends etc into participation in this scheme please contact : 
Nevertheless , he was a man prudent enough to realise that he could not antagonise the entire civil service . 
He was emerging in stately fashion from Wavebreaker 's companionway and , though I could see he was tall and lanky and had a ponytail of hair , I could make out no details of his face . 
Elton , before she could be spoken to , was ready ; and before Mr . Woodhouse had reached her with his request to be allowed to hand her into the dining - parlour , was saying --
When I yielded , I thought it was to duty , but no duty could be called in aid here .
By contrast , forecasts TRC , a British consultant , East European spending on equipment ( including Russia 's ) could double to $30 billion by 2000 , not far behind that of America 's . 
Nietzsche wrote : '' When I heard of the fires in Paris , I felt annihilated for some days and was overwhelmed by fears and doubts ; the whole academic ( wissenschaftlich ) , philosophical , artistic world seemed an absurdity , if a single day could wipe out the most glorious works of art , even whole periods of art ; I clung with earnest conviction to the metaphysical value of art , which can not exist for the sake of poor human beings , but has higher missions to fulfil . ''
He was oblivious of the form of the object actually being viewed , precisely because he could not assign it to a visual shape , already learned and held in visual memory , as persons of normal vision do .
And she acknowledged that part of her longing to be bustling about was to try and snap him out of his trance so that he could tell her where her sister was . 
Neither Lady Russell nor Mr Elliot could admire the letter ; but it did all that was wanted , in bringing three lines of scrawl from the Dowager Viscountess .
The realisation that this illness could apply to anyone broke down the illusion that it only affects those who have dropped out of society . 
` If with their aircraft expertise Saab could fit it with a radar jamming device , they really would have it cracked , " Michael said . 
Forty minutes of temptation was as long as I could last out in the cold , biting wind but an invigorating walk in such conditions has to be good for you . 
The enormous woman kept grinning at him like a shark ; the fat man had eyelids so heavy that Alan could never be sure if he was watching or asleep . 
Although he had set his loaded rifle at his shoulder in readiness as he entered the thicket , before he could squeeze the trigger the wounded seladang was upon him . 
With his right arm he swam , and with his left he waved wildly , shouting as loudly as he could . 
He wondered how he could have displeased the man as he 'd yet to perform for him . 
Sally-Anne closed her eyes , and said , ` Papa could kill Havvie for all I care about him . 
Before Syme could ask the first diplomatic question , the old anarchist had asked suddenly , without any sort of preparation --
In the Old Testament the sea was the symbol of chaos and evil , which could only be overcome by God .
Finally , Iran could pursue development of an entire fuel cycle , which would allow for long - term production of plutonium , similar to the route North Korea followed .
It stood the record of many sensations of pain , once severe , but now softened ; and of some instances of relenting feeling , some breathings of friendship and reconciliation , which could never be looked for again , and which could never cease to be dear .
The problems that this could cause were to be demonstrated all too vividly in 1968 . 
Canetti , for example , could n't imagine writing for money . 
` I suppose you could classify her under ` Romance " . " 
Mr Musgrove was , in a lesser degree , affected likewise ; and when they reached the cottage , they were evidently in want , first , of being listened to anew on this subject , and afterwards , of all the relief which cheerful companions could give them .
` If you could just get me some warm water I -- ''
Whether former feelings were to be renewed must be brought to the proof ; former times must undoubtedly be brought to the recollection of each ; they could not but be reverted to ; the year of their engagement could not but be named by him , in the little narratives or descriptions which conversation called forth .
But though SHE never spoke of it out of her own family , Elinor could see its influence on her mind , in the something like confusion of countenance with which she entered , and an attempt at cordiality in her behaviour to herself .
If only she could have seen me skulking around at Cliff Top , the very picture of melancholy . 
They felt that they were relaxing as much as they could and that any control factors which might be present to prevent response must be on an unconscious level .
The concept of lung fibroblasts as effector cells in the pathogenesis of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis ( IPF ) has recently evolved [ 1 2 ] . Lung fibroblasts respond , in vitro , to inflammatory cytokines by producing growth factors and collagen , resulting in fibroblast proliferation and extracellular matrix deposition [ 2 3 4 ] . In addition , activated lung fibroblasts have been shown to produce large amounts of inflammatory cytokines and chemokines , in vitro , and hence , these cells may also have a role as effector-inflammatory cells [ 1 2 ] . This capacity to produce both inflammatory and fibrotic factors could mean that phenotypically altered lung fibroblasts act simultaneously as effector and target cells , via paracrine and autocrine mechanisms , perpetuating the fibrotic process [ 2 ] .
One-fifth of the electricity in Brazil 's Sao Paulo state could soon be generated from sugar cane , following an agreement between the state government and alcohol distilleries .
The lawyer , with his rational mind , knew that the snake could not see the cardboard box containing the mouse , let alone hear its frantic squeaks . 
Casey heard the click of the distant receiver before he could open his mouth , and it took him no more than three seconds to make his decision .
They could no longer afford the luxury of the canvas sweat bag that cooled it by evaporation .
Bad indeed must the nature of Marianne ' s affliction be , when her mother could talk of fortitude !
He could have continued placidly with the life he had chosen , and would have excelled ; but telegrams of a peremptory nature , saying his mother 's illness had taken a turn for the worse and he must come , kept arriving from Colonel Carteret , and Paul had to leave his work , abandon lectures , and make the weary journey to London time and again , only to find Sophia weak but resigned , and reproachful for his having come at all . 
` A silly waste of 'ard-earned brass , " Jonadab asserted and George could not help but agree . 
He blamed it all on business , but could not resist taunting her for expecting him to be at h-er beck and call , while disapproving that he was rich . 
All things being equal we could probably turn one of these things around , which is basically preparing all the literature , briefing the systems people and getting it all printed up and everything in about six weeks . 
The _Daily News_ started , " Nothing could be more inimical to the cause of true religion than , etc .
Aside from the fact that Jill is quite capable of carrying her own books , her glumness could easily be due to being a young lesbian forced to suppress it and wishing Jack would take his stupid pick-up lines elsewhere . 
With all these circumstances , recollections and feelings , she could not hear that Captain Wentworth ' s sister was likely to live at Kellynch without a revival of former pain ; and many a stroll , and many a sigh , were necessary to dispel the agitation of the idea .
He 's put a fresh spin on material that could come off terribly cliched ; for example , the way Susie wows an audience the first time she sings with the Baker Boys .
There is not a public pathway along the river to the south , but if there was , the bridges built for the barge houses could be seen over the drainage dykes . 
The Elector assented , and the artist ordered a temporary screen to be built around the statue , so that his assistants could work undisturbed .
Those who had been previously addicted to opioids could perceive no changes whatsoever .
Above all the farm worker could establish his reputation as a skilled and knowledgeable craftsman among his fellow workers . 
Neither judge could be faulted for acting as he did , Lord Lane added . 
Such violence of affliction indeed could not be supported for ever ; it sunk within a few days into a calmer melancholy ; but these employments , to which she daily recurred , her solitary walks and silent meditations , still produced occasional effusions of sorrow as lively as ever .
Havana was filled with an excitement which you could see in the brightness of men's eyes and hear in the pitch of their voices .
On HER measures depended those of her two friends ; Mrs . Jennings could not quit Cleveland during the Dashwoods ' stay ; and Colonel Brandon was soon brought , by their united request , to consider his own abode there as equally determinate , if not equally indispensable .
Here again it was vacation time and there were many things I could not see , but I was able to visit with a professor who is famous in Japanese circles and be guided through the grounds by his assistant .
In September the Education Secretary , Mr John MacGregor , said heads and governors could appraise performance in deciding promotion and pay -- just as managers in industry do .
Knowing how the American had abused and derided her , could she hide her resentment and make polite conversation ? 
She shifted restlessly in her seat once more , imagining she could actually feel the angry pinpoint of fire burning deep inside her womb . 
They were blind to the evidence that nothing could keep the Russian people fighting .
He 'd retired from caddying at Birkdale when he was eighty-nine -- they could n't persuade him to wind down . 
In 1977 , though , Lord Justice Lawton included in a list of examples of conduct that could amount to constructive dismissal ` persistent and unwanted amorous advances by an employer to a female employee " . 
Mark stopped the car and switched off the lights and they sat looking at the water , which , there being no moon out , at first could be distinguished from the sky only by an absence of stars .
Now could I drink hot blood , And do such bitter businesse as the day Would quake to looke on .
His voice was muffled by something --could it be that he was smoking a cigar even whilst disembodied ? 
Gemini : ( May 21 � June 21 ) Though it 's true that you live a life of quiet desperation , with the right shabby clothes and scruffy beard , it could get you all the chicks .
She could hardly believe what he was telling her . 
But then she reminded herself that Miguel had entrusted her with his secret , and there was no way she could even explain her unhappiness to anyone . 
This particular mine could not be detected by the ordinary mine detector .
Such conduct made them of course most exceedingly laughed at ; but ridicule could not shame , and seemed hardly to provoke them .
If it could be proved that new species had emerged since the creation of the world , then the story of creation would be thrown into doubt . 
The Lithuanian refusal to investigate Lileikis could delay resolution of his case for years , because without charges , Lithuania could not seek his quick extradition for trial .
I could not stick to any diet for very long because of the chocolate cravings . 
Maude could have shot Emile -- if she'd had a reason to kill him .
His manners , however , must have been unmarked , wavering , dubious , or she could not have been so misled .
We were forbidden to swing on the gates , lest they sag on their hinges in a poor-white-trash way , but we could stand on them , when they were latched , rest our chins on the top , and stare and stare , committing to memory , quite unintentionally , all the details that lay before our eyes .
And Japan 's extremely tight laws on possessing weapons led to confidence that few people could obtain a hijack weapon , let alone sneak it through Japan 's tough airport security .
Hencke thought for a moment about attempting a smile , but decided that triumphs could never be celebrated on a retching stomach . 
_Miss_ _Woodhouse_ appeared more than once , and never without a something of pleasing connexion , either a compliment to her taste , or a remembrance of what she had said ; and in the very last time of its meeting her eye , unadorned as it was by any such broad wreath of gallantry , she yet could discern the effect of her influence and acknowledge the greatest compliment perhaps of all conveyed .
It was unimaginable , for instance , that the trucks reportedly headed to the eastern city of Benghazi with relief supplies could break through the rebel roadblocks along the huge stretches of coastal roadway .
I could now smell the very strong aroma of frying onions as we entered the cottage . 
He hopes to set up a rolling fund to help other Romanian babies with problems which could be treated in this country . 
Let us look in on one of these nerve centers -- SAC at Omaha -- and see what must still happen before a wing of B-52 bombers could drop their Aj .
Emma could not regret her having gone to Miss Bates , but she wished she had left her ten minutes earlier ;-- it would have been a great pleasure to talk over Jane Fairfax ' s situation with Mr .
It was not until Conté fused graphite with China clay that loose powdered graphite could be formed into drawing lengths , so avoiding the English monopoly on their cut lengths from Borrowdale . 
Solar power could become a viable energy source in the near future , rendering fossil fuels obsolete , according to BP research director , John Cadogan , speaking at a Royal Society of Chemistry gathering .
Syme had made up his mind that he could avoid disabling the Marquis and prevent the Marquis from disabling him for at least twenty minutes .
Because , while she could just about put up with the attitude of Lady Wyndham towards herself , there was no way she was prepared to let the beastly old woman be unkind to the children . 
You shuddered as you gazed , and wondered what monstrous cannibal and savage could ever have gone a death - harvesting with such a hacking , horrifying implement .
The program thought it could do this by a ) making us watch Pepsi - sponsored movies featuring anti - drug propaganda and shrewd product placement ; b ) reinforcing the most obnoxious cliques on campus by choosing all the `` All Star '' officers from a popular group of athletes and cheerleaders ( on average , B and C students who drank , smoked , and skipped class ) ; c ) doing everything possible to conceal the fact that high school 's purpose is education ; and d ) giving us the opportunity to buy as much `` All Star '' merchandise as our parents could afford .
But Devizes magistrates decided Roy Heaney gave Mr Macari a verbal undertaking that his licence could be used . 
But there ' s no bottome , none In my Voluptuousnesse : Your Wiues , your Daughters , Your Matrons , and your Maides , could not fill vp The Cesterne of my Lust , and my Desire All continent Impediments would ore - beare That did oppose my will .
I was ready to fight him after this , but he danced about so much that I could n't get close to him . 
In 1720 the ban on the import of foreign books was relaxed , and a series of encounters with foreign representatives from the late eighteenth century portended that seclusion could not permanently be maintained . 
Their arms away they threw , and to the hills ( For Earth hath this variety from Heaven Of pleasure situate in hill and dale ,) Light as the lightning glimpse they ran , they flew ; From their foundations loosening to and fro , They plucked the seated hills , with all their load , Rocks , waters , woods , and by the shaggy tops Up - lifting bore them in their hands : Amaze , Be sure , and terrour , seized the rebel host , When coming towards them so dread they saw The bottom of the mountains upward turned ; Till on those cursed engines ' triple - row They saw them whelmed , and all their confidence Under the weight of mountains buried deep ; Themselves invaded next , and on their heads Main promontories flung , which in the air Came shadowing , and oppressed whole legions armed ; Their armour helped their harm , crushed in and bruised Into their substance pent , which wrought them pain Implacable , and many a dolorous groan ; Long struggling underneath , ere they could wind Out of such prison , though Spirits of purest light , Purest at first , now gross by sinning grown .
" I cannot imagine ," said Mrs . Elton , ( feeling the indignity as a wife ought to do ,) " I cannot imagine how he could do such a thing by you , of all people in the world !
` He could n't hold a conversation about anything else . 
She could imagine Mrs Clay to have said , that " now Miss Anne was come , she could not suppose herself at all wanted ;" for Elizabeth was replying in a sort of whisper , " That must not be any reason , indeed .
It ignores the sordid financial aspects ( quite conveniently , too , for his audience , who could indulge in moral indignation without visible , or even conscious , discomfort , their money from the transaction having been put away long ago in a good antiseptic brokerage ) .
What with traders trading for so many different objectives , and what with there being so many unique and individualized market theories and trading techniques in use , and more coming into use all the time , it is hard to imagine how any particular theory or technique could acquire enough `` fans '' to invalidate itself .
They could have filled the cellars of Masham with McEwans 80/ and Youngers No. 3 from Edinburgh or with the new Theakstons-on-Tyne which the locals declare is a far inferior brew . 
" Miss Woodhouse ," said Frank Churchill , after examining a table behind him , which he could reach as he sat , " have your nephews taken away their alphabets -- their box of letters ?
The type of off-farm work occasionally dictated the enterprises that the farm could have as time off at critical periods could clash with the off-farm employment .
Emma was obliged to fancy what she liked -- but she could never believe that in the same situation _she_ should not have discovered the truth .
Before Father Brown could turn in his heavy boots Seymour was plunging about the room looking for the weapon .
My insomnia became chronic whenever Dana stayed the night , simply because I could not take my eyes away from his sleeping form beneath the bedside lamps . 
As it was , she instantly submitted , and with all the semblance of seeing nothing beyond ; and Anne , eager to escape farther notice , was impatient to know why Mrs Smith should have fancied she was to marry Mr Elliot ; where she could have received the idea , or from whom she could have heard it .
Researchers at NASA claim that even if the sulphur effect does exist , it could at most only delay the greenhouse effect until fossil fuels run out . 
You feel where he is and what he sees , and at night you feel when he is asleep or with the other woman , the one that never could love him the way you do , the one who got him because she didn't particularly give a damn whether she got him or didn't .
She refused to have a doctor , insisting there was nothing a doctor could do for her .
John Knightley looked at him with amazement , then shrugged his shoulders , and said , " I could not have believed it even of _him_ ."
Because of difficulties with his squad getting time off work , Kelly fears he could be without as many as five players .
I was not very keen on this bit , because I could immediately see where the pattern could have been better written .
She all but yelled the words at him , incensed beyond reason that he could even consider such a thing . 
The chief difficulty Alice found at first was in managing her flamingo : she succeeded in getting its body tucked away , comfortably enough , under her arm , with its legs hanging down , but generally , just as she had got its neck nicely straightened out , and was going to give the hedgehog a blow with its head , it WOULD twist itself round and look up in her face , with such a puzzled expression that she could not help bursting out laughing : and when she had got its head down , and was going to begin again , it was very provoking to find that the hedgehog had unrolled itself , and was in the act of crawling away : besides all this , there was generally a ridge or furrow in the way wherever she wanted to send the hedgehog to , and , as the doubled - up soldiers were always getting up and walking off to other parts of the ground , Alice soon came to the conclusion that it was a very difficult game indeed .
Mr Elliot , raised by his marriage to great affluence , and disposed to every gratification of pleasure and vanity which could be commanded without involving himself , ( for with all his self - indulgence he had become a prudent man ), and beginning to be rich , just as his friend ought to have found himself to be poor , seemed to have had no concern at all for that friend ' s probable finances , but , on the contrary , had been prompting and encouraging expenses which could end only in ruin ; and the Smiths accordingly had been ruined .
The Chamberlain went out and asked all the great lords and ladies and pages where the Nightingale could be found , but not one of them had ever heard of him .
This question the Dodo could not answer without a great deal of thought , and it sat for a long time with one finger pressed upon its forehead ( the position in which you usually see Shakespeare , in the pictures of him ), while the rest waited in silence .
How strange it was that he could give her this handsome house and carte blanche as to its beautiful furnishings , and fail her in -- spiritual ways .
`` The U.S. government could be , in effect , subsidizing political contributions to corporate PACs , '' he says .
The British hardly conceived the French could be defeated and few Americans expected to be embroiled in a global war . 
Jim could nonetheless tell by his anxious face that something was wrong . 
She could only do that if he kept her secrets and obeyed her instructions to the letter . 
This alarming whisper could not , however , have a permanent effect upon Mrs . Montague ' s understanding , because three days afterwards Mrs . Theresa , upon the most anxious inspection , entirely mistook the just and natural proportions of the hip and shoulder .
The contamination could endanger the health of tens of thousands of people .
` In other words " George interpreted ` they could n't trace any CIA funding . 
Could it be that my own eyes and ears had deceived me ? ?
The board could eventually come under some pressure to sell the company because its members can be ousted by a majority shareholder vote , particularly since one-third of UAL stock is held by takeover stock speculators who favor a sale .
They could be likened to the dynamic force of a volcanic eruption .
Robbie could hardly breathe and she had to swallow before she could answer . 
The House of Lords could offer none , since the victorious army was determined to suppress it . 
The pattern of liver enzyme abnormalities is shown in Figure 1. None of the patients with abnormal liver function tests had clinical evidence of muscle involvement that could explain the high levels of amino-transferases .
You must listen to me , not merely because I know the country , which you might learn by looking at a map , but because I know the people of the country , whom you could not know by living here thirty years .
Over his shoulder he could see Max's loose grin and the Burnsides' glowering faces .
While this could be true , it should be noted that the utility of these fungal species is not limited to BW applications .
But she felt that it was so , long , long before she could feel his influence less .
The twisting of a neck - cloth , the thrusting of a body behind a door could be done in an instant -- so long as it was that instant .
Anne suppressed a smile , and listened kindly , while Mrs Musgrove relieved her heart a little more ; and for a few minutes , therefore , could not keep pace with the conversation of the others .
Waiting for what and for whom , only he could tell and would not .
But they wish they could bring it back .
Most people could make better use of their time and the whole idea of the log is to provide the information and stimulus for improvement .
Fourteen minutes to be given to those with whom she had thankfully passed six weeks not six months ago !-- Emma could not but picture it all , and feel how justly they might resent , how naturally Harriet must suffer .
There could be no doubt as to Miss Elliot .
This was agreed upon between the two friends as the only thing to be done ; and Colonel Wallis was to assist in every way that he could .
7 : 24 And from thence he arose , and went into the borders of Tyre and Sidon , and entered into an house , and would have no man know it : but he could not be hid .
When I look back I could weep -- dear little things tottering about on beaches . 
Lady P . Yes , if I could find a good one .
Families eating candyfloss under strings of coloured lights , crowds of bikers guzzling frogburgers , country music wailing from loudspeakers ; we could have been on Hampstead Heath on Bank Holiday night . 
Her knees were weak , and she sat down on a chair the press rep brought over for her ; she could not have trusted her legs to walk over to it .
Please do not think I mean that Boulnois could not be so wicked .
Lep Group PLC of Britain , which holds a 62.42 % stake in Profit Systems Inc. , said it is considering courses of action that could result in its having `` active control '' of the company .
We collected `` lucky stones '' -- all the creamy translucent pebbles , worn smooth and round , that we could find in the driveway .
the corner of it you could see in the photograph looked as though it ought to have Velasquez in it painting the royalty of Spain .
He could not recognize it ; ;
Market research company Inteco forecasts that the European multimedia market could be worth as much as £10bn by 1994 . 
Such a shock wave , called Cerenkov radiation , could be detected from the ground as a flash of visible light . 
He loues no Playes , As thou dost Antony : he heares no Musicke ; Seldome he smiles , and smiles in such a sort As if he mock ' d himselfe , and scorn ' d his spirit That could be mou ' d to smile at any thing .
ejaculated Brown suddenly , " I wonder if it could possibly be that !"
He was quite content with the food as long as he could have a plentiful supply of fillet steaks and his daily dose of freshly squeezed orange juice .
I don ' t like to be making disagreeable retrospects , if I could any way avoid it ; nor to be going about the bush , especially at this time o ' day ; when , as Mr . Finsbury ' s come , we ' ve not so much time to lose as we had .
Only one thing could be done .
Nothing was talked of but the new playhouse ; and so intent upon it was every head , that no lessons could be got .
He could only suppose that the man ' s malady ( whatever it was ) involved some momentary fits of rigidity or trance .
What the study could not teach -- what the preaching could not accomplish is accomplish ' d , is it not ?
That could be bad news for any theoretical widow suing a first aider who had left her husband to die while scouting around for a telephone . 
In hastily forming and giving his opinion of other people , in sacrificing general politeness to the enjoyment of undivided attention where his heart was engaged , and in slighting too easily the forms of worldly propriety , he displayed a want of caution which Elinor could not approve , in spite of all that he and Marianne could say in its support .
Yet , looking into those liquid dark eyes , Fran could n't help the sudden feeling that she was standing on the verge of something so mind-blowing that it made her afraid .
With this minimum treatment , and a few surfaced paths , many urban commons could quickly become valuable and inexpensive assets . 
For while he could always remember afterwards that he had swooned before the face of Sunday , he could not remember having ever come to at all .
These unfortunate circumstances threatened to relegate Las Vegas to the status of a small desert community that could no longer support its 3000 residents .
As far as he could see , Maisie , who was now thoroughly disorientated , was headed for the pond in the centre of the Common . 
Cruel Burmese governors could , on the slightest whim , take a man's life .
echoed very disagreeably in Archer ' s ear ; but as he could not be LEFT ALONE , he was also obliged to follow the manager .
` It 's an even greater pity that you could n't have told me about Ling 's day off , " she flared at him .
You could make it into two parcels , Mrs . Ford , could not you ?"
With her children they were in continual raptures , extolling their beauty , courting their notice , and humouring their whims ; and such of their time as could be spared from the importunate demands which this politeness made on it , was spent in admiration of whatever her ladyship was doing , if she happened to be doing any thing , or in taking patterns of some elegant new dress , in which her appearance the day before had thrown them into unceasing delight .
How could she notice such a trivial detail when her vision was impeded by tears ?
The prime minister of Aruba has said it could cost around $ 100 million .
I could n't swear that a thalidomide sort of accident will never happen again , but the chance of it happening are much less . 
It also recommends that employees be aware of everyday office items that could be used for emergency care or shelter .
She felt that Mrs Musgrove and all her party ought to be asked to dine with them ; but she could not bear to have the difference of style , the reduction of servants , which a dinner must betray , witnessed by those who had been always so inferior to the Elliots of Kellynch .
Marianne coloured a little ; for though she had precipitately followed her brother , and though he had quieted her conscience for a moment by saying " You know papa and mamma told us to do what we thought best ," yet she did not feel quite pleased with herself : and it was not till after Mrs . Theresa had exhausted all her compliments , and half her macaroons , that she could restore her spirits to their usual height .
Probably a British businessman with enough money to go romping off to America on some tax-deductible crusade -- heavens you were n't anybody in the Sixties if you could n't to that twice a year . " 
Later on in the day Fogg could get a better weather picture from the Burlington Weather Bureau supervised by Frank E. Hartwell .
This would be cheaper to operate and could be used for cruises during the lean winter months .
He said that the architect might reasonably be expected to carry his financial burdens if all harrassment could be brought to an end , and that the bank would accept a mortgage on Taliesin to help bring this about .
My secret eating was expressing what my secret writing ( a misplaced oral activity ) could not : my hatred towards those who oppressed me , my desperate sense of isolation . 
Miss Bates , in her real anxiety for Jane , could hardly stay even to be grateful , before she stept forward and put an end to all farther singing .
Poshekhonov could summon a short clear smile from Holly , a smile that was chained and brief . 
But Harriet was in a tremor , and could not touch it ; and Emma , never loth to be first , was obliged to examine it herself .
U. S. military commanders have pressed troops to avoid civilian casualties that could undercut public support for the military efforts and the Afghan government .
Mrs . Weston ' s friends were all made happy by her safety ; and if the satisfaction of her well - doing could be increased to Emma , it was by knowing her to be the mother of a little girl .
With a 15-to-one engine , a supersonic aircraft weighing 300,000 pounds could rise vertically .
The girl took a couple of steps toward the man in shorts when Benson , in that barefoot courtliness Ramey could never decide was real , said , `` You don't want to go around there , Ma'am '' .
Liz suppressed her annoyance before it could take hold . 
Whichever way I turn , O I think you could give me my mate back again if you only would , For I am almost sure I see her dimly whichever way I look .
It 's a comment that could sum up her working life at the moment .
" Heated and irritated as he was by his spasmodic toil at the pumps , for all his first nameless feeling of forbearance the sweating Steelkilt could but ill brook this bearing in the mate ; but somehow still smothering the conflagration within him , without speaking he remained doggedly rooted to his seat , till at last the incensed Radney shook the hammer within a few inches of his face , furiously commanding him to do his bidding .
But say I could repent , and could obtain , By act of grace , my former state ; how soon Would highth recall high thoughts , how soon unsay What feigned submission swore ?
Her manners gave some re - assurance to Edward , and he had courage enough to sit down ; but his embarrassment still exceeded that of the ladies in a proportion , which the case rendered reasonable , though his sex might make it rare ; for his heart had not the indifference of Lucy ' s , nor could his conscience have quite the ease of Elinor ' s .
Half and hour ' s solitude and reflection might have tranquillized her ; but the ten minutes only which now passed before she was interrupted , with all the restraints of her situation , could do nothing towards tranquillity .
And if she had n't brought those stupid letters , if they had n't had a row about them , it could have been fun working with him . 
On the top was a pole wrapped in straw which could be ignited by the cossack sentry in case of enemy incursion . 
How could he forget that in his Island days , Queequeg , for one , must certainly have been guilty of some murderous , convivial indiscretions .
As far as I could remember I 'd rowed ashore in a fairly direct line from Joanna to the beach . 
They would sleep while the Gabriel's drive would increase the acceleration to a point which the unfrozen bodies of the personnel could not have endured .
She got wearily out of the car and tramped across the car park to the reception lobby , where she asked the receptionist with peroxided hair if she could phone the AA . 
And what 's more , thought Lydia , anyone with half an ounce of sense would , long since now , have told the doctor in no mean terms what he could go and do with himself . 
There could be no mistaking that squat , muscular figure and purposeful walk . 
None left but by submission ; and that word Disdain forbids me , and my dread of shame Among the Spirits beneath , whom I seduced With other promises and other vaunts Than to submit , boasting I could subdue The Omnipotent .
The contests , however , were almost impossible to avoid , and they could occasionally be pushed to the extremity of a prolonged election , likely to embitter all concerned in the losing cause . 
His comments mirror similar remarks by other scientists , who have warned that excessive reactions against pesticide traces in drinking water could cause serious difficulties for the water industry . 
I could put a bright ribbon round it . 
It was the kind of thing that could ruin a man's life , and it was a tribute to John's strength of character and very real business ability that it hadn't ruined his .
A sailor set Hathi , a small stuffed elephant on wheels , on the luggage chute ; Hathi had come with us because no one could imagine our youngest sister , Rose , without him .
Edward J. Campbell , economist at Brown Brothers Harriman & Co. , New York , noted that large increases in construction activity along with government and private relief efforts could offset loss of production in those areas .
Harriet was a little distressed -- did look a little foolish at first : but having once owned that she had been presumptuous and silly , and self - deceived , before , her pain and confusion seemed to die away with the words , and leave her without a care for the past , and with the fullest exultation in the present and future ; for , as to her friend ' s approbation , Emma had instantly removed every fear of that nature , by meeting her with the most unqualified congratulations .-- Harriet was most happy to give every particular of the evening at Astley ' s , and the dinner the next day ; she could dwell on it all with the utmost delight .
The ceiling was high and wooden , and I could see part of a DJ 's booth down the hall .
He fancied he had been changed into a child again ; his eyes sought the pavement seriously as children ' s do , as if it were a thing with which something satisfactory could be done .
And could ye stand by , and see my hands tied behind me like a thief ' s ?
Those who foresaw the inevitability of this could take one of three ways out : commit suicide like the Itelmens ; resist and fight like the Chukchis ; or learn to get along with the newcomers . 
Devlin could hear the sounds of shooting as they descended the steep stairway . 
Before the school teacher could answer , there was another rap on the door and Beasley scampered in like an overgrown puppy , casting inquisitive glances at Jim Lancaster and the two police officers . 
She had a very involved son and daughter-in-law but both went out to work and therefore could not manage continual care ( although she had respite hospital care two weeks in six ) . 
` The only reason I did n't sign up for the navy was because I could n't swim , " Tommy grumbled . 
To remedy these distressing conditions , UNO has calculated that if every country , rich and poor , gave 0.7 per cent of its gross national product , world poverty could be banished in a generation . 
Suddenly she could n't sit still any longer , and jumping up , she paced to the window of her sitting-room and peered out . 
Another advantage of the gens system was that you could keep the fortune you had amassed in one incarnation and use it in the next .
Nobody could do it , but that good fellow " ( pointing to Captain Wentworth .)
A patient could receive up to 300 days paid-for nursing home care under a `` unit formula '' allowing more of such care for those who use none or only part of the hospital-care credit .
He was alone ; a single Russian with a musket could have slain him with ease , but with fixed bayonets none could fire . 
` I 'm researching for a book , " he white-lied , ` I wonder if you could help me ? "
Happily he was not farther from approving matrimony than from foreseeing it .-- Though always objecting to every marriage that was arranged , he never suffered beforehand from the apprehension of any ; it seemed as if he could not think so ill of any two persons ' understanding as to suppose they meant to marry till it were proved against them .
I could suppose she might in time -- but can she already ?-- Did not you misunderstand him ?-- You were both talking of other things ; of business , shows of cattle , or new drills -- and might not you , in the confusion of so many subjects , mistake him ?-- It was not Harriet ' s hand that he was certain of -- it was the dimensions of some famous ox ."
" Well may you wonder , Marianne ," replied her brother , " at the obstinacy which could resist such arguments as these .
I could put all that fear behind me now and get going again . 
Mildred gave one last , long look into Maud 's eyes , but she could see that there was no hope of Maud recognizing a half-mad frog as her best friend . 
I haue as much of this in Art as you , But yet my Nature could not beare it so
She was clad in close - fitting dark costume , a mass of warm brown hair went out in two wings or waves on each side of her forehead ; and even at that distance it could be seen that her profile was of the aquiline and eager sort , like a young falcon hardly free of the nest .
Her wretchedness I could have borne , but her passion -- her malice -- At all events it must be appeased .
They could make nothing of the enclosure upon which they were partial trespassers , except that the green and crooked branches of a big apple - tree came crawling at them out of the mist , like the tentacles of some green cuttlefish .
Elinor could NOT remember it ;-- but her mother , without waiting for her assent , continued ,
I wish I could work !
Isabella sent quite as good an account of her visitor as could be expected ; on her first arrival she had thought her out of spirits , which appeared perfectly natural , as there was a dentist to be consulted ; but , since that business had been over , she did not appear to find Harriet different from what she had known her before .-- Isabella , to be sure , was no very quick observer ; yet if Harriet had not been equal to playing with the children , it would not have escaped her .
Had she not imagined herself consulting his good , even more than her own , she could hardly have given him up .
On each side were stalls heaped with fruit , vegetables , fish and other staples , behind which strapping black-shawled women bawled produce and price , oblivious of the packs of snarling dogs and ragged children lunging in and out between them for whatever scraps they could scavenge . 
A contractual agreement about retirement could also affect your statutory rights .
Police believe he could help with inquiries into a robbery at the National Provincial Building Society in Bondgate , Darlington , on December 27 . 
therefore , nothing but good could happen to him , even in God's wrathful storms .
Most poets could recite the poem about Zuwaya ownership of the desert . 
Anne found herself by this time growing so much more hardened to being in Captain Wentworth ' s company than she had at first imagined could ever be , that the sitting down to the same table with him now , and the interchange of the common civilities attending on it ( they never got beyond ), was become a mere nothing .
Laura got behind the rest of the company as she spoke , so that the little girl could not see her .
You could be running the most ecologically sound enterprise in the whole of Brazil , but you would still have an illegal road going across Indian land . " 
Could n't you dedicate a few months of the year to naked men ? 
A little boy ran up , face dirty , clothes dishevelled , his breath coming in short gasps so he could hardly speak . 
She was sensible and clever ; but eager in everything : her sorrows , her joys , could have no moderation .
They had a long walk over the moor to Bingley and Alfred Carter could n't afford to wait for them if they were late . 
I could not go away you know , because of the rain ; but I did so wish myself anywhere in the world but there .-- Oh !
said Loveit to himself , " else he could not whistle ."
At the end of the program , indeed , there was a demonstration that lasted for forty-five minutes , and nothing could stop it .
Troubled chains could see their sales drop as much as 8 % , he believes , as managers distracted by fears about the future allow their stores to get sloppy .
Still , consultants and industry executives said the products could help make manufacturing operations more efficient , and provide a boost to the computer-integrated-manufacturing market -- a market that Yankee Group , a research firm , has said may double to $ 40 billion by 1993 .
Its citizens spoke all of the world's surviving tongues , plus a new one called Lingo , a pidgin whose vocabulary was derived from the other six and whose syntax was so simple it could be contained on half a sheet of paper .
Guy had heard that Miles had finally reached Gloucester on foot and practically dead from exhaustion , his weapons and armour long since abandoned so he could travel faster . 
This was one place where Moonan could go for a drink in a back booth without anyone noticing him , or at least coming up and hanging around and wanting to know all the low-down .
It seems cruel that what is encouraged and praised in girls as children ( and is also , after all , an expression of identity and creativity which little boys too could benefit from ) is suddenly , at age eleven seen as vanity , and a sign of low intellect . 
She had soon afterwards reason to believe that the beginning was already made , and could not but hope that the gipsy , though she had _told_ no fortune , might be proved to have made Harriet ' s .-- About a fortnight after the alarm , they came to a sufficient explanation , and quite undesignedly .
You could wish that .
The Soviet Union could not be easily categorized as either presidential or parliamentary . 
Just a short while ago she had thought that nothing could increase the feeling of dread that Andrew had left behind him in the drawing-room . 
He must think himself a most agreeable fellow ; I could not do such a thing .
And she could n't do anything about Castelfonte , she could n't even get them to attempt making it profitable-- she never understood about the land , that was n't in her blood . 
It might have been an opportunity of watching the loves and jealousies of the four -- they were now altogether ; but she could stay for none of it .
Anyone considering selling counterfeit goods at car boot sales could face two years in prison or unlimited fines . 
If it has , you could record your own soundtrack onto one audio track on the videotape , while the recorded track remains untouched on the other . 
They were accordingly satisfied that the trial judge misdirected the jury when he stated that the case against the first appellant depended solely upon what they could find proved that he himself did .
He perfectly agreed with her : and after walking together so long , and thinking so much alike , Emma felt herself so well acquainted with him , that she could hardly believe it to be only their second meeting .
My face scorched , and I could n't see properly .
For such particulars , stated on such authority , Elinor could not withhold her credit ; nor was she disposed to it , for the circumstance was in perfect unison with what she had heard and seen herself .
He asked , `` Could we have a drink '' ? ?
" I have no hesitation in saying ," replied Mr . Elton , though hesitating a good deal while he spoke ; " I have no hesitation in saying -- at least if my friend feels at all as _I_ do -- I have not the smallest doubt that , could he see his little effusion honoured as _I_ see it , ( looking at the book again , and replacing it on the table ), he would consider it as the proudest moment of his life ."
Many enduring results could be noted and a number of unforeseen benefits were derived . 
I could have written anything .
She whirled and faced him , roaring terribly , and Ulyate , watching through the leaves , could not understand why she did not charge and obliterate him , because he wouldn't have much of a chance of getting away , in that thick growth , but she seemed just a trace uncertain ; ;
Two could play the same game , and the Russian was now riled . 
Oswald 's marriage to Cyneburh , daughter of Cynegils , reveals clearly that relatively cordial relations could prevail between an overlord and a dependant if both stood to gain from the relationship . 
" Surely ," said she to herself , " if Cecilia had done that which I suspect , she would not , she could not , look as she does ."
He asked if there was anything he could do .
She had never been staying there before , without being struck by it , or without wishing that other Elliots could have her advantage in seeing how unknown , or unconsidered there , were the affairs which at Kellynch Hall were treated as of such general publicity and pervading interest ; yet , with all this experience , she believed she must now submit to feel that another lesson , in the art of knowing our own nothingness beyond our own circle , was become necessary for her ; for certainly , coming as she did , with a heart full of the subject which had been completely occupying both houses in Kellynch for many weeks , she had expected rather more curiosity and sympathy than she found in the separate but very similar remark of Mr and Mrs Musgrove : " So , Miss Anne , Sir Walter and your sister are gone ; and what part of Bath do you think they will settle in ?"
Even Sophy could not understand it .
I ' m sure there ' s a vast many smart beaux in Exeter ; but you know , how could I tell what smart beaux there might be about Norland ; and I was only afraid the Miss Dashwoods might find it dull at Barton , if they had not so many as they used to have .
Before Isabel could retort in kind , Edmund scrambled nimbly back over the wall with the assistance of its thick covering of climbing roses , putting a long slash in his white linen shirt in the process . 
I could picture that : a Technicolor sunrise , and three singing sailors swarming through the docks . 
The group of four of us were embarking on a camping trip in the mountains in Northern Scotland , and were all well aware that we could not afford to leave any of our equipment behind . 
And the drawing near of Death , which alike levels all , alike impresses all with a last revelation , which only an author from the dead could adequately tell .
He was , perhaps , the nearest approximation which the Ottoman empire could produce to the eighteenth-century enlightened despots of the stamp of Joseph II and Frederick the Great . 
This intervention could only be controlled by priests , and thus the invasions caused a rapid rise in the influence of the sacred class .
I did n't want to say anything that could stop Sir Henry from coming to live at the Hall . 
She could not speak .
He could not doubt but that it was the serious intention of his accomplices to murder Francisco , if he should make any resistance .
If he had the slightest suspicion of how she really felt , it could well bring out the sympathetic side of his nature . 
He got up , put the plates of food in the range oven to keep them hot , then went down to see if Mrs Beavis could help .
His eye might there command wherever stood City of old or modern fame , the seat Of mightiest empire , from the destined walls Of Cambalu , seat of Cathaian Can , And Samarchand by Oxus , Temir ' s throne , To Paquin of Sinaean kings ; and thence To Agra and Lahor of great Mogul , Down to the golden Chersonese ; or where The Persian in Ecbatan sat , or since In Hispahan ; or where the Russian Ksar In Mosco ; or the Sultan in Bizance , Turchestan - born ; nor could his eye not ken The empire of Negus to his utmost port Ercoco , and the less maritim kings Mombaza , and Quiloa , and Melind , And Sofala , thought Ophir , to the realm Of Congo , and Angola farthest south ; Or thence from Niger flood to Atlas mount The kingdoms of Almansor , Fez and Sus , Morocco , and Algiers , and Tremisen ; On Europe thence , and where Rome was to sway The world : in spirit perhaps he also saw Rich Mexico , the seat of Montezume , And Cusco in Peru , the richer seat Of Atabalipa ; and yet unspoiled Guiana , whose great city Geryon ' s sons Call El Dorado .
When I held that tiny baby in my arms it was so hard to believe that something so beautiful could come from such a sordid act .
If more research had been carried out , my mother could be alive today . 
The Whale began to pull , and the Elephant began to pull , and in a jiffy the rope tightened till it was stretched as hard as could be .
A new $6 billion sewage treatment plant , intended to solve pollution problems in Boston Harbour , could threaten the survival of the 350 remaining Northern right whales .
It appeared that the extraction could still be used and would be bought at the same price for compounding into cattle food , but not for compounding into poultry food . 
Their favour increased ; they could not be spared ; Sir John would not hear of their going ; and in spite of their numerous and long arranged engagements in Exeter , in spite of the absolute necessity of returning to fulfill them immediately , which was in full force at the end of every week , they were prevailed on to stay nearly two months at the park , and to assist in the due celebration of that festival which requires a more than ordinary share of private balls and large dinners to proclaim its importance .
But when you explore the same region of the visual field with a moving spot you get a result that you could not have predicted from the responses with stationary spots . 
A friend of Soon-Yi said : ` Mia would wake her daughter in the middle of the night and scream at her : ` Look what you 've done to me -- how could this happen ? " ' 
He leant across the back seat so that he could look up and see her face . 
At one time , the average person could harvest around a sackful of wheat a day . 
At first , all he could see was the glint of water and the dark outline of the Isle of Wight , across the Solent . 
Her nudity provided a carte blanche that hours of queuing at the press tent could never have done . 
I could n't wait for him to get here and yet when he tooted his car horn I suddenly clutched Mum and did n't want to go after all .
I saw in Louisiana a live - oak growing , All alone stood it and the moss hung down from the branches , Without any companion it grew there uttering joyous of dark green , And its look , rude , unbending , lusty , made me think of myself , But I wonder ' d how it could utter joyous leaves standing alone there without its friend near , for I knew I could not , And I broke off a twig with a certain number of leaves upon it and twined around it a little moss , And brought it away , and I have placed it in sight in my room , It is not needed to remind me as of my own dear friends , ( For I believe lately I think of little else than of them ,) Yet it remains to me a curious token , it makes me think of manly love ; For all that , and though the live - oak glistens there in Louisiana solitary in a wide in a wide flat space , Uttering joyous leaves all its life without a friend a lover near , I know very well I could not .
because even if you said okay you know armed forces could have them
` I could tell her I 'd sleep in the bathroom . " 
She understood their ways , could allow for their ignorance and their temptations , had no romantic expectations of extraordinary virtue from those for whom education had done so little ; entered into their troubles with ready sympathy , and always gave her assistance with as much intelligence as good - will .
This reasoning was also as inevitable as anything could be .
The security at the Palace was so tight that even the band 's ersatz manager , Scott Piering , could not gain admittance for his close acquaintances . 
When he had finished building a row of good slated houses in his town , he declared that he would let them to the best tenants he could find , and proposals were publicly sent to him from all parts of the country .
The commodore , having just tacked in from Pin Mill , says that while he recognises the accomplishment of an ancient mariner there in teaching a grey parrot to recite the complete works of Shakespeare in Urdu , and could see that this might help international relations in some way , he is far from certain this was the sort of thing Mr Major had in mind . 
But for the life of her she could not behave as she ought when she stood among the rubble to which her life had been reduced .
The pilot released the cable but could not keep the glider straight , or stop in time to prevent the collision . 
Today , it possesses the second largest ( behind the Democratic People's Republic of Korea -- DPRK ) ballistic missile force in the third world and is near to developing a space launch vehicle and medium - range and intercontinental ballistic missiles that could threaten Europe and the continental United States .
but if it had been , it had been smothered until now by fear ) : you could tell it by the way she watched the older , bigger boys , like Jack .
Could your consumption of fresh fruit and vegetables be increased ? 
She paused .-- Her daughter could not quite agree with her , but her dissent was not heard , and therefore gave no offence .
Environmental scientists say the depletion of the ozone layer -- thinner than ever before over the northern hemisphere -- could cause serious damage to crops and other plants as extra ultra-violet radiation reaches the planet 's surface . 
at the top of his lungs , and behind him Blacky the Crow , trying to catch up and yelling as loud as he could , " Caw , caw , caw !
Chief among those who did this fetching and carrying was Captain Bildad ' s sister , a lean old lady of a most determined and indefatigable spirit , but withal very kindhearted , who seemed resolved that , if SHE could help it , nothing should be found wanting in the Pequod , after once fairly getting to sea .
O I could play the woman with mine eyes , And Braggart with my tongue .
She saw nothing of the Willoughbys , nothing of Edward , and for some time nothing of anybody who could by any chance whether grave or gay , be interesting to her .
It must allow plenty of ventilation or the condensation that will form inside the tank could not only encourage the spread of disease but also , in extreme cases , drown the caterpillars . 
Measuring 14.5 cubic feet , the boot in the Mercedes is very wide ( up to 58 inches ) but considerably shorter and the sill height of around 31 inches could make it awkward to load heavy cases . 
The Cutty Sark was launched in 1869 and was built for speed so that she could compete with other clipper ships in the China tea trade .
