She might talk on ; and if he wanted to say any thing himself , he would only talk louder , and drown her voice .
He believes those defenses might well apply to the Bay Bridge collapse .
Mean while in other parts like deeds deserved Memorial , where the might of Gabriel fought , And with fierce ensigns pierced the deep array Of Moloch , furious king ; who him defied , And at his chariot - wheels to drag him bound Threatened , nor from the Holy One of Heaven Refrained his tongue blasphemous ; but anon Down cloven to the waist , with shattered arms And uncouth pain fled bellowing .
Peace Corps volunteers obviously should not be paid what they might earn in comparable activities in the United States .
For this purpose the Son of God was manifested , that he might destroy the works of the devil .
19 : 14 Then came Jeremiah from Tophet , whither the LORD had sent him to prophesy ; and he stood in the court of the LORD ' s house ; and said to all the people , 19 : 15 Thus saith the LORD of hosts , the God of Israel ; Behold , I will bring upon this city and upon all her towns all the evil that I have pronounced against it , because they have hardened their necks , that they might not hear my words .
As one might predict from the history of interpreting in the USA and Scandinavia , it is within the field of education that the basis of an interpreting service is laid . 
5 : 10 I likewise , and my brethren , and my servants , might exact of them money and corn : I pray you , let us leave off this usury .
Wendy had more intelligence than her pleasant calm looks might have led the casual observer to suspect . 
Much pleasure we have lost , while we abstained From this delightful fruit , nor known till now True relish , tasting ; if such pleasure be In things to us forbidden , it might be wished , For this one tree had been forbidden ten .
Of justice -- as If could be any thing but the same ample law , expounded by natural judges and saviors , As if it might be this thing or that thing , according to decisions .
He might be very tight , but he knew where he was .
Last month we expressed concern that the Ginger Foods imported by Atlantis from the USA might not be as fresh as they should be , coming in screw top jars with no other seal .
Those who made the journey to London might have done so for a variety of reasons . 
In the example here it might plausibly be supposed that the age of the pupils might well influence attainment or otherwise modify the effect of the causal factor .
Their begging song might easily be a folk melody :
Think of the might of a forest fire or the burning heat of the sun .
Sure somebody else might be found that would do as well ; somebody that is in orders already ."
Relations with Brian Clough hit rock bottom , you might remember , when the manager called the police in to escort Fashanu from the club 's training ground . 
Some note that Sony might have saved itself some trouble by just hiring Mr. Guber and letting Mr. Peters stay on to fulfill the Warner contract .
one can ' t repeat such kind of things you know )-- she told him directly , she had not the least mind in the world to be off , for she could live with him upon a trifle , and how little so ever he might have , she should be very glad to have it all , you know , or something of the kind .
Associated Newspapers admit , they might be interested .
8 : 21 Then I proclaimed a fast there , at the river of Ahava , that we might afflict ourselves before our God , to seek of him a right way for us , and for our little ones , and for all our substance .
What I have to say might upset you even more than your father 's heart attack . " 
She had been solicited , when about two - and - twenty , to change her name , by the young man , who not long afterwards found a more willing mind in her younger sister ; and Lady Russell had lamented her refusal ; for Charles Musgrove was the eldest son of a man , whose landed property and general importance were second in that country , only to Sir Walter ' s , and of good character and appearance ; and however Lady Russell might have asked yet for something more , while Anne was nineteen , she would have rejoiced to see her at twenty - two so respectably removed from the partialities and injustice of her father ' s house , and settled so permanently near herself .
What I haue done That might your nature honour , and exception Roughly awake , I heere proclaime was madnesse : Was ' t Hamlet wrong ' d Laertes ?
Analysts said Hachette 's earnings in the second half might be boosted by a capital gain from the sale of the Paris headquarters of a newspaper-delivery company that is 49 % owned by Hachette .
` Rachel and her parents might , " Maria retorted , and he grimaced in rueful acknowledgement . 
If you are an entire stranger to their race , you might hunt over these two heads for hours , and never discover that organ .
Me own stuff was all ragged and I thought I might as well nick something decent , it 'elps a girl , knowing she 's dressed decent . " 
Jimmy said he really enjoyed playing , but his slight worry about it was that at £13.99 it might prove expensive for the unemployed . 
It occurred to you that you might say the Rosary every day . 
Over the next few days , more posters went up and as I read them , students whispered that ` something might happen " . 
There was a determined set to Churchill 's jaw as he contemplated what he might say next . 
She could easily conceive that marriage might not be immediately in their power ; for though Willoughby was independent , there was no reason to believe him rich .
Promptly their livestock was taken and according to Gorton the soldiers were ordered to knock down anyone who should utter a word of insolence , and run through anyone who might step out of line .
But that did not stop some leaders from suggesting a pullout might become unavoidable .
Her own situation gained in the comparison ; for while she could ESTEEM Edward as much as ever , however they might be divided in future , her mind might be always supported .
I felt that , as to fortune , in all probability he might do much better ; and that as to a rational companion or useful helpmate , he could not do worse .
One might well wonder why the `` public is always wrong '' and the question raised is about as awkward as the one concerned with the chicken and the egg .
Companies might be able to tell salespeople daily , for instance , about idle equipment , so they could offer discounts on whatever that equipment produces .
" I might not like them the better for that perhaps .
A century ago , Newman saw that liberalism ( what we now might call secularism ) would gradually but definitely make its mark on English Protestantism , and that even high Anglicanism would someday no longer be a `` serviceable breakwater against doctrinal errors more fundamental than its own '' .
During this time , the rest of the family might take a holiday -- staying in the attic of Uncle Jim 's boarding house at Morecambe Bay , where my mother helped with the cooking and serving , or borrowing Auntie Mary 's caravan for a week at Saltburn . 
From past experience with UK rules that allow ` discretion " , it is not very hard to imagine that the practice might bear little resemblance to the ` aim " of the policy .
Instantaneously he would have won an immeasurable moral victory , for if she picked up , say , a pair of her panties , she might just as well lift his shorts lying alongside -- the expenditure of energy was almost the same .
Elinor had often wished for an opportunity of attempting to weaken her mother ' s dependence on the attachment of Edward and herself , that the shock might be less when the whole truth were revealed , and now on this attack , though almost hopeless of success , she forced herself to begin her design by saying , as calmly as she could , " I like Edward Ferrars very much , and shall always be glad to see him ; but as to the rest of the family , it is a matter of perfect indifference to me , whether I am ever known to them or not ."
The Christ Child did not forget the lovely sight , and long afterward he bade that to celebrate His birthday there should be placed in every house a Fir Tree , which might be lit up with candles to shine for the children as the stars shone for Him on His first birthday .
The killer , if in our present group , would certainly be interested in knowing that much , and even though with the fingerprint evidence what it was I could see no way he could use this bit of information to improve on his situation , there might always be some way .
This hope was very delightful to Franklin , and he showed the strongest desire to learn and to do everything that was right ; so that Mr . Spencer soon grew fond of him , and took great pains to instruct him , and to give him all the good habits and principles which might make him a useful , respectable and happy man .
Many people might prefer Bartók 's First Violin Concerto , the obvious and most suitable coupling , but Norbert Moret 's Violin Concerto of 1988 , written for Mutter , receives a quite astounding performance . 
" But surely ," insisted Flambeau , " it might point pretty straight at something or other ."
High in the midst , exalted as a God , The Apostate in his sun - bright chariot sat , Idol of majesty divine , enclosed With flaming Cherubim , and golden shields ; Then lighted from his gorgeous throne , for now " twixt host and host but narrow space was left , A dreadful interval , and front to front Presented stood in terrible array Of hideous length : Before the cloudy van , On the rough edge of battle ere it joined , Satan , with vast and haughty strides advanced , Came towering , armed in adamant and gold ; Abdiel that sight endured not , where he stood Among the mightiest , bent on highest deeds , And thus his own undaunted heart explores .
However , because of Suharto 's age and concerns about his health , the next vice president might one day become the leader of the world 's fourth-most populous nation .
We might think that majority rule is the fairest workable decision procedure in politics , but we know that the majority will sometimes , perhaps often , make unjust decisions about the rights of individuals . 
And it might be a good idea to keep a vacuum flask filled with a hot drink by your bedside in case you wake up in the night feeling cold . 
So much has been written in recent years about Ralph Sarich 's Orbital two-stroke engine that our award for technical innovation might appear somewhat tardy . 
Guy had a theory that the mineral baths might speed up my convalescence . 
If Cassius might haue rul ' d
She thought it probable that as they lived in the same county , Mrs . Palmer might be able to give some more particular account of Willoughby ' s general character , than could be gathered from the Middletons ' partial acquaintance with him ; and she was eager to gain from any one , such a confirmation of his merits as might remove the possibility of fear from Marianne .
` I could n't help feeling that … well , in your hands it might have done better .
23 : 33 And Pharaohnechoh put him in bands at Riblah in the land of Hamath , that he might not reign in Jerusalem ; and put the land to a tribute of an hundred talents of silver , and a talent of gold .
If they would be offended by an offer of money , the occasional ( money-saving ) gift to them might be very welcome . 
Mrs Frizzell wished mightily that she could infuse into her own voice just that inflection by which Mrs MacDonald conveyed that she was doing Tollemarche a special favour by coming to the ball . 
20 : 9 These were the cities appointed for all the children of Israel , and for the stranger that sojourneth among them , that whosoever killeth any person at unawares might flee thither , and not die by the hand of the avenger of blood , until he stood before the congregation .
Second , when making an assessment , information about what a child is able to do in one situation must necessarily form the basis of inferences about what a child might be able to do in other situations . 
I might have made an angry reply about her own flaunting of herself at the male Ardakkean , but there was nothing to be gained by it . 
But it might have struck a stranger as odd that there appeared in his train , not only his seconds carrying the sword - case , but two of his servants carrying a portmanteau and a luncheon basket .
Suddenly she came upon a little three - legged table , all made of solid glass ; there was nothing on it except a tiny golden key , and Alice ' s first thought was that it might belong to one of the doors of the hall ; but , alas !
A less cunning photographer might have felt the urge to place a single figure , perhaps close to the columns , to give life and scale . 
23 : 26 And as they led him away , they laid hold upon one Simon , a Cyrenian , coming out of the country , and on him they laid the cross , that he might bear it after Jesus .
I noticed that she looked a bit unhappy so I went across to her , worried that she might be a bit of a madam and would n't like to associate with the likes of me . 
The accused also might not be able to call witnesses who saw the damage-causing driver , because that driver may have terrified the witnesses to prevent them from giving evidence . 
" Then you would have told me , that it might or might not have happened .
9 : 23 And this I do for the gospel ' s sake , that I might be partaker thereof with you .
Ay , indeed -- eight , I might say , for I am an early little body ; though I say it that should not say it -- I AM an early little body .
But where sin abounded , grace did much more abound : 5 : 21 That as sin hath reigned unto death , even so might grace reign through righteousness unto eternal life by Jesus Christ our Lord .
Charlie stared at him when he unbuttoned the raincoat to stow the money in his shirt , but he did n't want to put anything in those pockets in case it might be spirited away . 
I know thy pride , and the naughtiness of thine heart ; for thou art come down that thou mightest see the battle .
They might still , for their own sakes , be taught in groups segregated according to ability , and that did not matter . 
It might be that Low has seen too many stupidities and that they do not outrage him now .
I cannot betray you , but I might betray myself .
But , who knew , that might be coming one of these days .
He was happy enough to take the convertible and race up the hill to the Blevins' , thinking that they might give him a drink .
Instead it means that the thinking in which decision issues has the power to determine the morality of the decision , as in this instance the pressure for renewed practical or legislative attention to the constitutional problems the decision had uncovered might have done .
Otherwise it might decide to nationalise the foreign firm 's assets on its soil knowing that the company will just be able to claim the compensation anyway . 
Moving the smaller oval into place is much easier than you might expect because of the way guidelines appear as the point that you have picked up come into alignment with important features on other object .
She imagined herself reunited with Nick through the cat 's agency , as lovers might be in some fairy story . 
In the new year he sent Sixsmith a series -- one might almost say a sequence -- of screenplays on group-jeopardy themes . 
Now might I do it pat , now he is praying , And now Ile doo ' t , and so he goes to Heauen , And so am I reueng ' d : that would be scann ' d , A Villaine killes my Father , and for that I his foule Sonne , do this same Villaine send To heauen .
On the other side , Satan , alarmed , Collecting all his might , dilated stood , Like Teneriff or Atlas , unremoved : His stature reached the sky , and on his crest Sat Horrour plumed ; nor wanted in his grasp What seemed both spear and shield : Now dreadful deeds Might have ensued , nor only Paradise In this commotion , but the starry cope Of Heaven perhaps , or all the elements At least had gone to wrack , disturbed and torn With violence of this conflict , had not soon The Eternal , to prevent such horrid fray , Hung forth in Heaven his golden scales , yet seen Betwixt Astrea and the Scorpion sign , Wherein all things created first he weighed , The pendulous round earth with balanced air In counterpoise , now ponders all events , Battles and realms : In these he put two weights , The sequel each of parting and of fight : The latter quick up flew , and kicked the beam , Which Gabriel spying , thus bespake the Fiend .
In so far as the interview is a critique of Thatcherism -- and that is not as far as might have been supposed from the headlines in yesterday 's papers -- it is misplaced . 
Such teachers stand accused , for indeed such teaching might well set the scene for the continuation of a sinful and unhappy world for as long as life continues . 
It was Ceauşescu who reassured Sadat with positive answers to his key questions : Could he trust Menachem Begin and could Begin deliver on any promises he might make to Egypt ?
4 : 4 So the people sent to Shiloh , that they might bring from thence the ark of the covenant of the LORD of hosts , which dwelleth between the cherubims : and the two sons of Eli , Hophni and Phinehas , were there with the ark of the covenant of God .
Your resolution , or rather your expectation of never marrying , results from an idea that the person whom you might prefer , would be too greatly your superior in situation to think of you .
Ian had ridden as a boy and he suspected from the way Julia commented that , although she was socially timid , she might be an efficient horsewoman . 
" That is a grand pianoforte , and he might think it too large for Mrs . Bates ' s house ."
He thanked her but countered cunningly with a query about who her friends might be . 
But sponsors might not pick the stocks that will match the market .
But if we went to sea one at a time in strict order of succession to the property , he thought it might show whether any connected fate followed the family as a family .
Perhaps , she wondered as she hurried downstairs , if she could find the kitchen she might be able to make a cup of coffee and a slice of toast for herself . 
But so it ought to be ; they are people of large fortune , they are related to you , and every civility and accommodation that can serve to make your situation pleasant might be reasonably expected .
Charlestonians are instead indomitable and have contributed mightily to the culture and history of our country for more than 300 years .
might we ?"
thousands of miles away -- in Paris , of all places -- she might forget she had ever been a mother .
Some people might think you were too smart for your own health . " 
9 : 36 He answered and said , Who is he , Lord , that I might believe on him ?
`` Well , I might not get that far '' , I told them , `` as actually I have no papers to enter Germany and , as a matter of fact , no permit to return to France once I leave '' .
This might seem a bit rich coming from a man who has spent most of his career luxuriating in material wealth as one of the US 's most enduring entertainers . 
14 : 35 And when the men of that place had knowledge of him , they sent out into all that country round about , and brought unto him all that were diseased ; 14 : 36 And besought him that they might only touch the hem of his garment : and as many as touched were made perfectly whole .
Shareholder approval sets the stage for a lengthy process of restructuring that might not be completed until next year 's second half .
He wished the road might be impassable , that he might be able to keep them all at Randalls ; and with the utmost good - will was sure that accommodation might be found for every body , calling on his wife to agree with him , that with a little contrivance , every body might be lodged , which she hardly knew how to do , from the consciousness of there being but two spare rooms in the house .
But there are other contentions which might be considered more difficult .
No , no ; Henrietta might do worse than marry Charles Hayter ; and if she has him , and Louisa can get Captain Wentworth , I shall be very well satisfied ."
Socialists do n't like people choosing , for they might not choose socialism . "
Partly from this , and partly because he had a vulgar virility wanting in most of the others it seemed to Syme that he might be the wickedest of all those wicked men .
8 : 2 Out of the mouth of babes and sucklings hast thou ordained strength because of thine enemies , that thou mightest still the enemy and the avenger .
That was what he meant to Luke Thackray , her son , who was to sleep in the kitchen so that the " candidate " might have the privacy of his tiny but spotless room . 
Frequently when the horses had finished eating they would get the bucket out of the tire and search for any grain that might have spilled underneath . 
However it might end , he was without any question their pleasantest acquaintance in Bath : she saw nobody equal to him ; and it was a great indulgence now and then to talk to him about Lyme , which he seemed to have as lively a wish to see again , and to see more of , as herself .
Todd might easily get dropped by some man he ' d never even heard of ; some labourer he ' d locked out , or some clerk in a business he ' d busted .
Emma wished to go to work directly , and therefore produced the portfolio containing her various attempts at portraits , for not one of them had ever been finished , that they might decide together on the best size for Harriet .
Other diplomats might have postured and begged off replying , as if the idea was both complex and sensitive .
However , the initial hunch that Belfast , like New York City , might show innovatory patterns of front raising of this vowel turned out to be wrong . 
But what has been happening recently might be described as creeping mannerism .
If it were done , when ' tis done , then ' twer well , It were done quickly : If th ' Assassination Could trammell vp the Consequence , and catch With his surcease , Successe : that but this blow Might be the be all , and the end all .
" Yes ," said Ben , as he fastened it to his bow , " I put it into my pocket , to - day , on purpose , because I thought I might happen to want it ."
For who could tell but what the next morning , so soon as I popped out of the room , the harpooneer might be standing in the entry , all ready to knock me down !
Another part , in squadrons and gross bands , On bold adventure to discover wide That dismal world , if any clime perhaps Might yield them easier habitation , bend Four ways their flying march , along the banks Of four infernal rivers , that disgorge Into the burning lake their baleful streams -- Abhorred Styx , the flood of deadly hate ; Sad Acheron of sorrow , black and deep ; Cocytus , named of lamentation loud Heard on the rueful stream ; fierce Phlegeton , Whose waves of torrent fire inflame with rage .
The young ladies of Highbury might have walked again in safety before their panic began , and the whole history dwindled soon into a matter of little importance but to Emma and her nephews :-- in her imagination it maintained its ground , and Henry and John were still asking every day for the story of Harriet and the gipsies , and still tenaciously setting her right if she varied in the slightest particular from the original recital .
If you are dead set against anyone gaining access in your absence , you might ask someone if he or she would be willing to let you move your plants to their apartment for the three weeks .
` And I 'm frightened that if I go down to the cellars I might die . " 
15 : 4 For whatsoever things were written aforetime were written for our learning , that we through patience and comfort of the scriptures might have hope .
Hence if you were to take a guess at selecting a high-fibre vegetable you might well think of something like celery , which seems to reveal its fibre content unmistakably . 
When Edmund was about twelve years old , his friend Gilbert sent for him one day , and told him that his master had given him leave to have a boy in the house to assist him , and that his master told him he might choose one in the neighbourhood .
" I only wish ," replied her sister , " there were any thing I COULD do , which might be of comfort to you ."
When the officer said , ` You will be charged with sedition , over and above the mobbing , but in certain circumstances that might not be pressed , " Cameron distressed himself by making a small , indefinite sound which could well have been taken for agreement . 
Before this bullish theory surfaced , some insurance stocks initially fell , indicating that investors thought the quake might cost insurers a lot of money .
" Your heart was set mightily on these shells , Rosetta ."
It is always wise for the counsellor to be aware of any possible worries that the counsellee might have about the meeting , and have ready some words of reassurance about the purpose of their meeting .
In all probability she was at this very time waited for there ; and Mr . Knightley might be preserved from sinking deeper in aggression towards Mr . Elton , if not towards William Larkins .
Indian journalists are busily burrowing into the business affairs of the prime minister 's family , and there are signs they might find something embarrassing . 
If the House were to follow Palmerston blindly , they ` might as well give up talking about science and art and the beautification of the metropolis " . 
` I happened to observe you reading that notice below and it does seem to me that this challenging task might well be of interest to you . 
To this determination she was the more easily reconciled , by recollecting that Edward Ferrars , by Lucy ' s account , was not to be in town before February ; and that their visit , without any unreasonable abridgement , might be previously finished .
Soon after this Miss Bates came in , and Emma could not help being diverted by the perplexity of her first answer to herself , resulting , she supposed , from doubt of what might be said , and impatience to say every thing .
8 : 3 And he humbled thee , and suffered thee to hunger , and fed thee with manna , which thou knewest not , neither did thy fathers know ; that he might make thee know that man doth not live by bread only , but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of the LORD doth man live .
He only begged that he might once more speak to Maurice , and tell him that it was by his father ' s orders he acted .
Diehard fans might be miffed at some of what 's left out , but it 's tough to argue against any of the songs included .
This might have been a radial arrangement of numerous panels around a central hexagon : Mosaic 4 ( 1981 ) , fig.3 ) . 
The New York Times on Sunday quoted unidentified senior administration officials as saying Washington might refuse to renew a 22-year-old nuclear cooperation agreement with Moscow if the Iran deal goes through .
3 : 8 Yea doubtless , and I count all things but loss for the excellency of the knowledge of Christ Jesus my Lord : for whom I have suffered the loss of all things , and do count them but dung , that I may win Christ , 3 : 9 And be found in him , not having mine own righteousness , which is of the law , but that which is through the faith of Christ , the righteousness which is of God by faith : 3 : 10 That I may know him , and the power of his resurrection , and the fellowship of his sufferings , being made conformable unto his death ; 3 : 11 If by any means I might attain unto the resurrection of the dead .
She was in trousers as usual , ignoring the fact that they might well be invited to dinner with the count . 
Did she wade straight in with a blunt announcement or should she try to approach the subject from a more oblique angle which might encourage him to guess ? 
17 : 23 But they obeyed not , neither inclined their ear , but made their neck stiff , that they might not hear , nor receive instruction .
The concentration of effective power in Rabat leads not only to party bickering , but to distraction from local activity that might have had many auxiliary benefits in addition to contributing to more meaningful elections .
When they got to the ground , Mr . Case , who saw them walking together , was in a hurry to join them , that he might put a stop to any explanations .
The idea , flowing from Hume to Berkeley to Kant then back to British empiricism , was the following : One might be mistaken in saying that a chair is in the room , but one could hardly be mistaken in reporting bits and pieces of one 's own awareness .
2 : 1 For I would that ye knew what great conflict I have for you , and for them at Laodicea , and for as many as have not seen my face in the flesh ; 2 : 2 That their hearts might be comforted , being knit together in love , and unto all riches of the full assurance of understanding , to the acknowledgement of the mystery of God , and of the Father , and of Christ ; 2 : 3 In whom are hid all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge .
This might be explained by the relatively larger amplification variation for weakly expressed genes , given a constant success rate of amplifying a sequence by a certain fold .
The boyhood summers preceding their uncle's funeral might never have been .
The first function might look something like this:
Provoked and astonished at the firm tone in which these words were pronounced , the attorney was upon the point of swearing that he would have his revenge ; but , as his passions were habitually attentive to the LETTER of the law , he refrained from any hasty expression , which might , he was aware , in a court of justice , be hereafter brought against him .
He took rehearsals in an ancient overcoat that might have come from Gogol 's dustbin . 
When the note was shown to Elinor , as it was within ten minutes after its arrival , it gave her , for the first time , some share in the expectations of Lucy ; for such a mark of uncommon kindness , vouchsafed on so short an acquaintance , seemed to declare that the good - will towards her arose from something more than merely malice against herself ; and might be brought , by time and address , to do every thing that Lucy wished .
She retreated by leaving the room when we suggested that our meeting might well terminate right then and there .
5 : 10 We asked their names also , to certify thee , that we might write the names of the men that were the chief of them .
If necessary , such a person could then be sent on a suitable training course to learn any technical skills which might seem to be appropriate .
_What_ she was , must be uncertain ; but _who_ she was , might be found out ; and setting aside the 10 , 000 l ., it did not appear that she was at all Harriet ' s superior .
It had cost her something to encounter Lady Russell ' s surprise ; and now , if she were by any chance to be thrown into company with Captain Wentworth , her imperfect knowledge of the matter might add another shade of prejudice against him .
They might be more safely held up as a pattern .
Ashley laughed like a drain ; a teetotaller might have said her breath smelled like one . 
The guideline was n't a law , but a joint interpretation of how the U.S. might operate during foreign coups in light of the longstanding presidential order banning a U.S. role in assassinations .
There were some minor foreign royals who had attended the Christmas celebrations in the palace who might also be prevailed upon to come -- they would provide a little exotic colour . 
It might therefore have been recommended were it not that it would take someone already well-versed in galactic studies to interpret a text badly translated and poorly proof-read , abounding in misspellings and obscure turns of phrase . 
tell them , Behold , the king of Babylon is come to Jerusalem , and hath taken the king thereof , and the princes thereof , and led them with him to Babylon ; 17 : 13 And hath taken of the king ' s seed , and made a covenant with him , and hath taken an oath of him : he hath also taken the mighty of the land : 17 : 14 That the kingdom might be base , that it might not lift itself up , but that by keeping of his covenant it might stand .
I , and a bold one , that dare looke on that Which might appall the Diuell
The way Hoag was , no telling what he might say or do .
36 : 22 Now in the first year of Cyrus king of Persia , that the word of the LORD spoken by the mouth of Jeremiah might be accomplished , the LORD stirred up the spirit of Cyrus king of Persia , that he made a proclamation throughout all his kingdom , and put it also in writing , saying , 36 : 23 Thus saith Cyrus king of Persia , All the kingdoms of the earth hath the LORD God of heaven given me ; and he hath charged me to build him an house in Jerusalem , which is in Judah .
Elaine recovered first , so quickly that Nick thought he might have imagined her sudden reaction .
The visit afforded her many pleasant recollections the next day ; and all that she might be supposed to have lost on the side of dignified seclusion , must be amply repaid in the splendour of popularity .
Almost , Sara thought , one might detect a certain amount of satisfaction in her tones .
' And who is Dinah , if I might venture to ask the question ?'
With fitzAlan , de Villiers and a chastened but still influential Bishop of Winchester listening to every word , Isabel had answered as best she could in the hope that by doing so she might appease her conscience . 
But although in many of these discussions Othon and Amadee might have been tempted to consider their own interests as well as those of the king , Edward's confidence in them was so absolute that they were made the acknowledged leaders of the embassy .
Piedro being very certain that nobody saw him when he emptied Rosetta ' s basket , and imagining that he was suspected only upon the bare assertion of a child like Rosetta , who might be baffled and frightened out of her story , boldly denied the charge , and defied any one to prove him guilty .
East Rock Partners , which has indicated it might make a bid for the company , said A.P. Green , a refractory products maker , told the partnership it is n't for sale .
NAZRAN , Russia ( AP ) --- Chechen officials , village elders and Russian military commanders agreed Wednesday on an informal truce in southwestern Chechnya , signaling that a key area of rebel resistance might become pacified .
Thinking that the heart of the mystery might be found on the Brocken in the Harz mountains , he journeyed there in May 1799 . 
119 : 101 I have refrained my feet from every evil way , that I might keep thy word .
Out of many factors which might be cited , five are most important : 1 .
The suggestion was that his subordinates might have been running the illegal operation .
If pressed , she might have revealed just how eager she was to be gone . 
27 : 35 And they crucified him , and parted his garments , casting lots : that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophet , They parted my garments among them , and upon my vesture did they cast lots .
Any accountants with deep-rooted sea-dog tendencies might be interested to hear about the Accountants ' Sailing Challenge , to be held in Poole Harbour on 28 May .
1 : 10 I beseech thee for my son Onesimus , whom I have begotten in my bonds : 1 : 11 Which in time past was to thee unprofitable , but now profitable to thee and to me : 1 : 12 Whom I have sent again : thou therefore receive him , that is , mine own bowels : 1 : 13 Whom I would have retained with me , that in thy stead he might have ministered unto me in the bonds of the gospel : 1 : 14 But without thy mind would I do nothing ; that thy benefit should not be as it were of necessity , but willingly .
He kept chiefly to the great roads , so full of hansoms that a wilder pair than they might easily have passed in the press .
and in thine hand is there not power and might , so that none is able to withstand thee ?
He might as well have picked a family at random out of the telephone book and stayed with them .
The fit is reasonable over most of the area and , as might be expected , is broadly similar to that given by the Shotgun model .
Evan had worn throughout an air of apathy , which might have been the stale apathy of one who wants nothing .
4 : 6 And these things , brethren , I have in a figure transferred to myself and to Apollos for your sakes ; that ye might learn in us not to think of men above that which is written , that no one of you be puffed up for one against another .
15 : 14 And when he came unto Lehi , the Philistines shouted against him : and the Spirit of the LORD came mightily upon him , and the cords that were upon his arms became as flax that was burnt with fire , and his bands loosed from off his hands .
They were come too late in the year for any amusement or variety which Lyme , as a public place , might offer .
Devil with devil damned Firm concord holds ; men only disagree Of creatures rational , though under hope Of heavenly grace , and , God proclaiming peace , Yet live in hatred , enmity , and strife Among themselves , and levy cruel wars Wasting the earth , each other to destroy : As if ( which might induce us to accord ) Man had not hellish foes enow besides , That day and night for his destruction wait !
The first was the old fear that any miracle might happen , the second the more hopeless modern fear that no miracle can ever happen .
What might well have fixed it was a radio play , In Parenthesis , by David Jones , produced for the BBC Third Programme by Douglas Cleverdon in 9948 . 
The inherent resolution of a cathodoluminescent phosphor screen decreases with increasingly aggregate thickness ( with increasing anode voltage ) , decreases with decreasing porosity ( thus the advantage of cathodophoretic phosphor deposition ) and might be impaired by the normally used aluminum mirror .
Alone he had destroyed the most influential man in the country , wielding might beyond the dreams of the petty men who sat with him around that table .
And though the 275th lay was what they call a rather LONG LAY , yet it was better than nothing ; and if we had a lucky voyage , might pretty nearly pay for the clothing I would wear out on it , not to speak of my three years ' beef and board , for which I would not have to pay one stiver .
He might not have gone that far if Pa hadn't been locked in laughing fit to shake the house .
She looks first at how the present conceptions and practices of philosophy might admit of different points of view at all . 
However , Spinoza , as a moralist , appeals to no merely emotive power of ethical words , nor even to facts which might serve as contingent causes of the ethical attitudes he is expressing . 
You might have gone floundering about in all sorts of churches and chapels and colleges and schools of philosophy looking for some evidence of the existence of God .
The only drawback now to the plan he'd decided on was that someone else might fail to do his work , too , and the teacher would have that person stay late along with Jack .
And the little priest at the other end of the - table , though free from any such air of embarrassment , looked steadily at the table , and seemed to listen to the recital with great pain -- as well as he might .
28 : 32 Thy sons and thy daughters shall be given unto another people , and thine eyes shall look , and fail with longing for them all the day long ; and there shall be no might in thine hand .
They might have been in the private wing , put away by their guilty and embarrassed families . 
They were only concerned that the house could accommodate no more ; and yet perhaps , by " putting the children away in the maid ' s room , or swinging a cot somewhere ," they could hardly bear to think of not finding room for two or three besides , supposing they might wish to stay ; though , with regard to any attendance on Miss Musgrove , there need not be the least uneasiness in leaving her to Mrs Harville ' s care entirely .
But if I were Ben Hogan , and a Bob Hamilton or Willie Goggin chipped in to beat me in The Masters , a Walter Burkemo holed a sand shot to swipe the PGA , a raw rookie -- pick one -- holed a 7-iron to beat me somewhere in Florida and then the like of a Bud Holscher or a Shelley Mayfield holed yet another sand shot to steal yet another victory , then I 'd not only be scouring the Fort Worth Yellow Pages looking for the nearest shrink , I might even think of tossing myself under a freight train in the nearest marshalling yard . 
Now , when this strange circumstance was made known aft , the carpenter was at once commanded to do Queequeg ' s bidding , whatever it might include .
It would be entirely rational for communist insurgents in countries such as the Philippines or Peru to conclude the following : Fight viciously enough and the U.S. , under the banner of pragmatism , might eventually help negotiate your way to victory .
It would be a _secret_ satisfaction ; but the consciousness of a similarity of prospect would certainly add to the interest with which she should attend to any thing Jane might communicate .
" You may remember ," said the priest quietly , " that the wooden fence that might have carried it was cut away ."
But such things were less prominent on the white panelling than some cases of quaint - coloured South American birds , very scientifically stuffed , fantastic shells from the Pacific , and several instruments so rude and queer in shape that savages might have used them either to kill their enemies or to cook them .
A real gentleman , meanwhile , might have protected Stone from showing so much flesh to so little effect .
It might be weeks , it might be only a few days , before the horse were useable ; but no preparations could be ventured on , and it was all melancholy stagnation .
Don't forget -- when you take to the hills or the beach -- that your cooler , which you might have used for wine- or beer-cooling on your terrace or back yard , is indispensable for carrying liquid refreshments .
On the other hand , a look at a small group of Young Conservatives might be able to throw light upon ideological issues , which tend not to arise in studies of society 's victims . 
5 : 4 For we that are in this tabernacle do groan , being burdened : not for that we would be unclothed , but clothed upon , that mortality might be swallowed up of life .
Faxing or telexing a 60-70 page document is a time-consuming and therefore expensive process , and always with that nagging uncertainty that one or two pages might not have transmitted properly .
When a second quake came , they dashed back to the beach , fearing that they might be buried under landslides .
And he might live forever ? Talk about employee incentives ! "
But if these suspicions were really his , he sagaciously refrained from verbally expressing them , however his actions might seem to hint them .
12 : 37 But though he had done so many miracles before them , yet they believed not on him : 12 : 38 That the saying of Esaias the prophet might be fulfilled , which he spake , Lord , who hath believed our report ?
1 : 8 Wherefore , though I might be much bold in Christ to enjoin thee that which is convenient , 1 : 9 Yet for love ' s sake I rather beseech thee , being such an one as Paul the aged , and now also a prisoner of Jesus Christ .
4 : 7 All my state shall Tychicus declare unto you , who is a beloved brother , and a faithful minister and fellowservant in the Lord : 4 : 8 Whom I have sent unto you for the same purpose , that he might know your estate , and comfort your hearts ; 4 : 9 With Onesimus , a faithful and beloved brother , who is one of you .
Rising expectations of stronger economic growth have helped keep the dollar relatively strong.The snag is that a stronger economy might mean higher inflation and therefore higher interest rates .
9 : 10 Whatsoever thy hand findeth to do , do it with thy might ; for there is no work , nor device , nor knowledge , nor wisdom , in the grave , whither thou goest .
But had I been informed of it a few hours earlier -- I think it is most probable -- that something might have been hit on .
" You may certainly ask to be forgiven ," said Elinor , " because you have offended ;-- and I should think you might NOW venture so far as to profess some concern for having ever formed the engagement which drew on you your mother ' s anger ."
Roseberry 's musical background might go some way to explaining her ` good ear " as well as her sympathy for musicians trying to catch the attention of A & R departments .
Their good friend saw that Marianne was unhappy , and felt that every thing was due to her which might make her at all less so .
Emma felt the bad taste of her friend , but let it pass with a " very true ; and it would be a small consolation to her , for the clownish manner which might be offending her every hour of the day , to know that her husband could write a good letter ."
Berezovsky predicted that Yeltsin will see out his term until the presidential election of June 2000 , and that there is `` a very small chance '' that Lebed might then succeed him .
It also means that all other quarter-finalists -- Canada , Ireland , Scotland , Western Samoa and France -- might have to join the rest of the world in the qualifying rounds , expected to start later this year .
As for the Margalit Fox article you mention , I did read it and found it an interesting summary of what we might call `` the linguist 's dilemma '' : People want linguists to tell them how to be correct , but at the same time , they resist intervention , taking the attitude , `` Who are you to tell me what to do ? ''
The Admiral , after taking two or three refreshing turns about the room with his hands behind him , being called to order by his wife , now came up to Captain Wentworth , and without any observation of what he might be interrupting , thinking only of his own thoughts , began with --
It is of course useful to have a sovereign cause on one's social criticism , for it makes diagnosis and prescription much easier than they might otherwise be .
She had meant to try , although she had learned where Georgie might be found and was rather more interested in seeing what one of Crystal 's lovers looked like . 
Had she intended ever to _marry_ him , it might have been worth while to pause and consider , and try to understand the value of his preference , and the character of his temper ; but for all the purposes of their acquaintance , he was quite amiable enough .
3 : 21 But now the righteousness of God without the law is manifested , being witnessed by the law and the prophets ; 3 : 22 Even the righteousness of God which is by faith of Jesus Christ unto all and upon all them that believe : for there is no difference : 3 : 23 For all have sinned , and come short of the glory of God ; 3 : 24 Being justified freely by his grace through the redemption that is in Christ Jesus : 3 : 25 Whom God hath set forth to be a propitiation through faith in his blood , to declare his righteousness for the remission of sins that are past , through the forbearance of God ; 3 : 26 To declare , I say , at this time his righteousness : that he might be just , and the justifier of him which believeth in Jesus .
Re was at first pleased but soon realised that Hathor 's delight in killing might lead to the destruction of all mankind , which he had not intended . 
Poland , Hungary and Czechoslovakia ( or the Czech and Slovak republics ) might then accede in 2000 or soon thereafter .
Had that tall dark boy , carrying trays too heavy for him , found what he might have considered adulation of a man he probably hated more than he could bear ? ?
One night and morning did n't give her the right to confess her love when it might just be a burden to him .
Linked to Holmes even in death , Moriarty represents the alter-ego of the great detective , the image of what our hero might have become were he not a public servant .
When might Mary have had that moment to hold her child on her lap ? ?
But her son 's children , although they might carry the gene , wo n't get asthma .
Vanity , extravagance , love of change , restlessness of temper , which must be doing something , good or bad ; heedlessness as to the pleasure of his father and Mrs . Weston , indifferent as to how his conduct might appear in general ; he became liable to all these charges .
Perhaps plan a special activity for the morning -- if you are very energetic , and enjoy swimming , you might find a local bath which offers early morning swimming .
Ah , he thought , she's going through the chain of reasoning which says she might really just as well pick up my shorts too .
Sewers and wells might halt the disease , but cost much more .
According to The Chicago Tribune News Service , State Atty. Gen. Stanley Mosk of California has devised a series of questions which the joiner might well ask about any organization seeking his money and his name : 1 .
A sheep might bleat but its lamb is too chilled to reply . 
In these circumstances , rape by a husband might very well be thought to be more disturbing in its effects than rape by that classic stranger leaping from the shadows . 
In more extreme manner we might wish to register our displeasure at the felling of a row of fine trees for a road-widening project by saying that they had the right to be left in peace . 
Miss Bates ' s powerful , argumentative mind might have strengthened yours ."
He gave a great sigh and if she had not known him better she might have thought , as he slumped forward , that he had expired on the spot . 
' In my youth ,' Father William replied to his son , ' I feared it might injure the brain ; But , now that I ' m perfectly sure I have none , Why , I do it again and again .'
Prepared by this speech to hear something very difficult to be understood , Anne looked very grave , and her brother explained to her , that , with a guinea , she might buy two hundred and fifty - two times as many plums as she could get for a penny .
Meantime , Queequeg ' s impulsive , indifferent sword , sometimes hitting the woof slantingly , or crookedly , or strongly , or weakly , as the case might be ; and by this difference in the concluding blow producing a corresponding contrast in the final aspect of the completed fabric ; this savage ' s sword , thought I , which thus finally shapes and fashions both warp and woof ; this easy , indifferent sword must be chance -- aye , chance , free will , and necessity -- nowise incompatible -- all interweavingly working together .
And , by what I understand , you might have had lodgings there quite away from the sea -- a quarter of a mile off -- very comfortable .
One of these little infants , that from certain queer tokens seemed hardly a day old , might have measured some fourteen feet in length , and some six feet in girth .
Hand-loom weaving has always been considered a male artisan activity , with the concession that wives from time to time might assist their husbands at the cottage loom . 
Wherefore I have brought him forth before you , and specially before thee , O king Agrippa , that , after examination had , I might have somewhat to write .
I might rely in some degree on the story of his previous appearance at the window , as a tall man in a silk hat , but I think I have more exact indication .
' I think you might do something better with the time ,' she said , ' than waste it in asking riddles that have no answers .'
In the past an orthodontist might have tried , over four or five years , to straighten and fit the boy's large teeth into a jaw that , despite some growth , would never accommodate them .
We 've been fighting about money of late , but then again it might be my face . 
Of this they bitterly complained , and unanimously entreated that it might be cut to fit them .
Kravchuk suggested that Ukraine might construct its own facilities for dismantling nuclear weapons . 
Levein , while in sardonic mood , also ventured the opinion that Robertson might get ` three and a half minutes against the Germans " .
Despite his silence and his dandified dress and whiskers , the island might never have heard of him but for the extraordinary event of which I have spoken , which fell about in the following way :
" Upon hearing the frantic project of their leader , each in his own separate soul had suddenly lighted , it would seem , upon the same piece of treachery , namely : to be foremost in breaking out , in order to be the first of the three , though the last of the ten , to surrender ; and thereby secure whatever small chance of pardon such conduct might merit .
Ok , post and/or email me direct if you are or might be interested . 
2 : 11 And for this cause God shall send them strong delusion , that they should believe a lie : 2 : 12 That they all might be damned who believed not the truth , but had pleasure in unrighteousness .
17 : 3 And this is life eternal , that they might know thee the only true God , and Jesus Christ , whom thou hast sent .
The something might be guessed by its effects .
32 : 30 There be the princes of the north , all of them , and all the Zidonians , which are gone down with the slain ; with their terror they are ashamed of their might ; and they lie uncircumcised with them that be slain by the sword , and bear their shame with them that go down to the pit .
And for a little while she hoped he would not talk of it , and that a silent rumination might suffice to restore him to the relish of his own smooth gruel .
5 : 2 Belshazzar , whiles he tasted the wine , commanded to bring the golden and silver vessels which his father Nebuchadnezzar had taken out of the temple which was in Jerusalem ; that the king , and his princes , his wives , and his concubines , might drink therein .
Ministers who might have resented a particular proposal were seen by Mr Major privately before the relevant meeting and ` squared " . 
9 : 1 And Saul , yet breathing out threatenings and slaughter against the disciples of the Lord , went unto the high priest , 9 : 2 And desired of him letters to Damascus to the synagogues , that if he found any of this way , whether they were men or women , he might bring them bound unto Jerusalem .
` Yes , but one does n't want to unsettle the other cats , and Faustina herself might become upset . " 
Since all body cells contain the same genes , it might seem surprising that all body cells are n't the same as each other . 
Huszti said that while the APEH did require an ` open system '' , but he claimed that this did not necessitate a Unix system , indicating that conformance to the X/Open Co Ltd XPG/3 branding standard might not be obligatory -- even though the Hungarian government decreed that X/Open branding should be used in all government tenders back in August last year .
I was also aware that being a green hand at whaling , my own lay would not be very large ; but considering that I was used to the sea , could steer a ship , splice a rope , and all that , I made no doubt that from all I had heard I should be offered at least the 275th lay -- that is , the 275th part of the clear net proceeds of the voyage , whatever that might eventually amount to .
The hooves of the galloping horses had bitten deep into the soft earth of the ride so that a blind man might have followed them . 
Pitting a slim-line orchestra against a jumbo choir might be hazardous with any body other than the CBSO Chorus .
Upon the whole , she was very persuadable ; and it being briefly settled among themselves how it might be done without neglecting his comfort -- how certainly Mrs . Goddard , if not Mrs . Bates , might be depended on for bearing him company -- Mr . Woodhouse was to be talked into an acquiescence of his daughter ' s going out to dinner on a day now near at hand , and spending the whole evening away from him .
President Kennedy has urged a peace race on disarmament that might be called `` Operation Survival '' which has many facets .
They first caught crabs and quohogs in the sand ; grown bolder , they waded out with nets for mackerel ; more experienced , they pushed off in boats and captured cod ; and at last , launching a navy of great ships on the sea , explored this watery world ; put an incessant belt of circumnavigations round it ; peeped in at Behring ' s Straits ; and in all seasons and all oceans declared everlasting war with the mightiest animated mass that has survived the flood ; most monstrous and most mountainous !
5 : 3 Some also there were that said , We have mortgaged our lands , vineyards , and houses , that we might buy corn , because of the dearth .
one of the people might lightly have lien with thy wife , and thou shouldest have brought guiltiness upon us .
These began to be apparent in a press conference held during the second illness in order that the consulting specialists might clarify the President's condition for the nation .
She had skipped her lunch hour in the fear that he might call while she was out .
Although such figures might create public alarm , the main reason given for non-reporting was because the offence was considered too trivial to waste police time ( 38 per cent of reasons given ) , or that the police could do nothing about it ( 16 per cent ) .
19 : 15 And it came to pass , that when he was returned , having received the kingdom , then he commanded these servants to be called unto him , to whom he had given the money , that he might know how much every man had gained by trading .
29 : 2 Now I have prepared with all my might for the house of my God the gold for things to be made of gold , and the silver for things of silver , and the brass for things of brass , the iron for things of iron , and wood for things of wood ; onyx stones , and stones to be set , glistering stones , and of divers colours , and all manner of precious stones , and marble stones in abundance .
I granted this might be so , but found the result to be even more attention to form than was the case previously .
To continue with Gregory 's example , his radio might emit a whine so high-pitched that it is undetectable to the human ear and can only be picked up by special test equipment . 
He would feel ashamed each time and wonder whether his mother and father knew -- thinking they might see it in his eyes or smell it on him .
Such was her parting concern ; for after this , she had time only to pay her farewell compliments to Mrs . Jennings , before her company was claimed by Mrs . Richardson ; and Elinor was left in possession of knowledge which might feed her powers of reflection some time , though she had learnt very little more than what had been already foreseen and foreplanned in her own mind .
Their claims to the notice of Mrs . John Dashwood , as the nieces of the gentleman who for many years had had the care of her brother , might not have done much , however , towards procuring them seats at her table ; but as Lady Middleton ' s guests they must be welcome ; and Lucy , who had long wanted to be personally known to the family , to have a nearer view of their characters and her own difficulties , and to have an opportunity of endeavouring to please them , had seldom been happier in her life , than she was on receiving Mrs . John Dashwood ' s card .
" She has hurt herself so that we might do it .
Indeed , it might be suggested in this context that to use the concept of subsidiarity to restrict the Community 's activities is hardly compatible with the achievement of a ` level playing-field " throughout the Community . 
Mr. Wagner might or might not be a `` new '' Mayor in this third term , now that he is free of the pressure of those party leaders whom he calls `` bosses '' .
For this present , I would not so ( with loue I might intreat you ) Be any further moou ' d : What you haue said , I will consider : what you haue to say I will with patience heare , and finde a time Both meete to heare , and answer such high things .
" Might not they use both rooms , and dance across the passage ?"
But how can I hope to explain myself here ; and yet , in some dim , random way , explain myself I must , else all these chapters might be naught .
But with the might of the U. S. Army behind them , morale was much higher during this month 's offensive .
And that well might Aduise him to a Caution , t ' hold what distance His wisedome can prouide .
` Not really , but you might do up your top button and shove your tie up a bit -- my mother 's watching this . " 
The placement might involve " shadowing " a manager , or following a programme of meetings and activities in order to learn as much as possible about business processes . 
Caroline begged that she might , as she could plait very neatly , she said .
Mysteriously jetted into the clear moonlight , or starlight , as the case might be ; disappearing again for one whole day , or two days , or three ; and somehow seeming at every distinct repetition to be advancing still further and further in our van , this solitary jet seemed for ever alluring us on .
Do you think I might profitably study some of the history you do , perhaps two weeks behind you .
Probably four days out of five I would have lunch with a client or someone from another company with whom we 're co-operating , or someone from a government agency with whom we might be doing work . 
Allso that if monei might be had for 30 or 40 a lease & might be procured '' .
Such were these giants , men of high renown ; For in those days might only shall be admired , And valour and heroick virtue called ; To overcome in battle , and subdue Nations , and bring home spoils with infinite Man - slaughter , shall be held the highest pitch Of human glory ; and for glory done Of triumph , to be styled great conquerours Patrons of mankind , Gods , and sons of Gods ; Destroyers rightlier called , and plagues of men .
The investigation of anything happening directly on the river would normally be the responsibility of the River Police , at least until such time as it might lead to inquiries inland . 
While fifty years before , Albert Goodwill Spalding , secretary of the Chicago Ball Club of the National League , could write earnestly to the manager of the Buffalo club and request a guarantee of one hundred dollars for a baseball game in August , in this Golden Era a game at the Yankee Stadium might bring in nearly a hundred thousand dollars at the gate .
" There might be scruples of delicacy , my dear Emma .
Or men and women that they might be written of , and songs sung ?
If no single party were to win an overall majority , then the Queen might have real power to choose a government .
Aenarion rose and smote the daemon mightily , cleaving its head in two and shearing its arm from its body . 
You are afraid and full of excitement at thoughts of what you might find . 
The Pequod ' s whale being decapitated and the body stripped , the head was hoisted against the ship ' s side -- about half way out of the sea , so that it might yet in great part be buoyed up by its native element .
Suppositions built on postcards and photographs might be as ill-founded as his short-lived suspicions of being followed the night before . 
She felt herself a most fortunate woman ; and she had lived long enough to know how fortunate she might well be thought , where the only regret was for a partial separation from friends whose friendship for her had never cooled , and who could ill bear to part with her .
When I behold this goodly frame , this world , Of Heaven and Earth consisting ; and compute Their magnitudes ; this Earth , a spot , a grain , An atom , with the firmament compared And all her numbered stars , that seem to roll Spaces incomprehensible , ( for such Their distance argues , and their swift return Diurnal ,) merely to officiate light Round this opacous Earth , this punctual spot , One day and night ; in all her vast survey Useless besides ; reasoning I oft admire , How Nature wise and frugal could commit Such disproportions , with superfluous hand So many nobler bodies to create , Greater so manifold , to this one use , For aught appears , and on their orbs impose Such restless revolution day by day Repeated ; while the sedentary Earth , That better might with far less compass move , Served by more noble than herself , attains Her end without least motion , and receives , As tribute , such a sumless journey brought Of incorporeal speed , her warmth and light ; Speed , to describe whose swiftness number fails .
Her foremost fear was that she might lose her mind , for trying to think made her feel as if her head were filled with cotton wool . 
Might even go nursing -- I did a bit once -- and I could live in the hostel . " 
Included in these guidelines is a list of key environmental issues which might require strategic action by the business units . 
This picture , she had allowed herself to believe , might have been accidentally obtained ; it might not have been Edward ' s gift ; but a correspondence between them by letter , could subsist only under a positive engagement , could be authorised by nothing else ; for a few moments , she was almost overcome -- her heart sunk within her , and she could hardly stand ; but exertion was indispensably necessary ; and she struggled so resolutely against the oppression of her feelings , that her success was speedy , and for the time complete .
The delightful assurance of her total indifference towards Frank Churchill , of her having a heart completely disengaged from him , had given birth to the hope , that , in time , he might gain her affection himself ;-- but it had been no present hope -- he had only , in the momentary conquest of eagerness over judgment , aspired to be told that she did not forbid his attempt to attach her .-- The superior hopes which gradually opened were so much the more enchanting .-- The affection , which he had been asking to be allowed to create , if he could , was already his !-- Within half an hour , he had passed from a thoroughly distressed state of mind , to something so like perfect happiness , that it could bear no other name .
A nuclear pacifier of these dimensions -- roughly some six and a half times bigger than anything the United States has triggered experimentally -- would certainly produce a bigger bang , and , just for kicks , Khrushchev might use it to propel the seminar of the house of delegates from St. Louis to the moon , where there wouldn't even be any beer to drink .
4 : 18 Who against hope believed in hope , that he might become the father of many nations , according to that which was spoken , So shall thy seed be .
When he reached an Underground station he bought a ticket without even thinking of where he might want to go . 
Emma felt that her own note had deserved something better ; but it was impossible to quarrel with words , whose tremulous inequality shewed indisposition so plainly , and she thought only of how she might best counteract this unwillingness to be seen or assisted .
This insistence on human time as both flexible and , one might say , I suppose , multi-dimensional , has various consequences of course for the structure and the style of À la recherche . 
Thus committed , action might follow .
" I was not mistaken when I thought I might trust YOU with this key ," said Mrs . Churchill , after she had heard his story .
22 : 15 Then went the Pharisees , and took counsel how they might entangle him in his talk .
And , as for me , if , by any possibility , there be any as yet undiscovered prime thing in me ; if I shall ever deserve any real repute in that small but high hushed world which I might not be unreasonably ambitious of ; if hereafter I shall do anything that , upon the whole , a man might rather have done than to have left undone ; if , at my death , my executors , or more properly my creditors , find any precious MSS .
They mocked him by trying on a cheap plastic military hat that he might have worn in photos and on television .
How it might be considered by the rest of the party , she could not tell .
` You and I might as well be getting back to Zimmerman 's , Richter , " said Moreau as they shuffled out into the street . 
9 : 1 Oh that my head were waters , and mine eyes a fountain of tears , that I might weep day and night for the slain of the daughter of my people !
Aggie might fly into a closet , shut the door and bury her head in the clothes ; ;
It ' s the kind of thing that might come in useful any day ," and he gravely tore off one of his swarthy Assyrian brows , bringing about half his brown forehead with it , and politely offered it to the Colonel , who stood crimson and speechless with rage .
Churchill ' s state , however , as many were ready to remind her , was liable to such sudden variation as might disappoint her nephew in the most reasonable dependence -- and Mrs . Weston was at last persuaded to believe , or to say , that it must be by some attack of Mrs . Churchill that he was prevented coming .-- Emma looked at Harriet while the point was under consideration ; she behaved very well , and betrayed no emotion .
" That lively cry upon this deadly calm might almost convert a better man .-- Where away ?"
" My hands must be washed ," said George , a little boy who came running in ; " I ran so fast that I might be in time , to go to work along with you all , that I tumbled down , and look how I have dirtied my hands .
It might appear that these two objectives are mutually incompatible , and simply betray a naive confusion in Nizan 's mind between the ideological and the aesthetic . 
Instead , it had only taken away six months of his life -- at a critical point that just might have foreclosed on his promotion hopes . 
Whether the flitting attendance of the one still and solitary jet had gradually worked upon Ahab , so that he was now prepared to connect the ideas of mildness and repose with the first sight of the particular whale he pursued ; however this was , or whether his eagerness betrayed him ; whichever way it might have been , no sooner did he distinctly perceive the white mass , than with a quick intensity he instantly gave orders for lowering .
Though much might be fancy , he could not doubt , when he looked back , that she was in a weaker state of health than she had been half a year ago .
Serpent , we might have spared our coming hither , Fruitless to me , though fruit be here to excess , The credit of whose virtue rest with thee ; Wonderous indeed , if cause of such effects .
That Scull had a tongue in it , and could sing once : how the knaue iowles it to th ' grownd , as if it were Caines Iaw - bone , that did the first murther : It might be the Pate of a Polititian which this Asse o ' re Offices : one that could circumuent God , might it not ?
" Perhaps she might ; but it is not every man ' s fate to marry the woman who loves him best .
Then , all of a sudden , there was a sort of bang and the dog started yelping and I thought he must have fallen or something and that he might be hurt . 
She said she might as well chuck herself out of the window . 
Jonah , disliking the task for unexplained reasons which might have had something to do with a fear of being stoned to death by the partying Ninevites , ran away . 
Virginia and Rachel talked to each other quietly now , as allies who are political rather than natural might in a war atmosphere .
In fact , did you ever hear what might be called regular news direct or indirect from New Guinea ?
Neville Chamberlain , for instance , expressed fears that British and imperial interests might suffer if the United States became a major player in world affairs .
Designed as an ` everyman 's " aeroplane , the venture might have succeeded had the market economy at the time been more buoyant . 
Though no one ever heard them speak more than a couple of words to each other Gimmelmann and Holly were inseparable during those months , turning up at the Witness office once every couple of weeks so that Beryl and Belinda might try out new fashion ideas on them .
12 : 10 But the chief priests consulted that they might put Lazarus also to death ; 12 : 11 Because that by reason of him many of the Jews went away , and believed on Jesus .
" We might have fought easily ," said Bull ; " we were four against three ."
Malraux pretends , perhaps with a trifle too self-conscious a modesty , that his fragmentary work will accordingly `` appeal only to the curiosity of bibliophiles '' and `` to connoisseurs of what might have been '' .
It appeared from the limited information available that the aerated lagoon might offer a satisfactory means of increasing the capacity of existing oxidation ponds as well as providing the same degree of treatment in a smaller volume .
9 : 13 Furthermore the LORD spake unto me , saying , I have seen this people , and , behold , it is a stiffnecked people : 9 : 14 Let me alone , that I may destroy them , and blot out their name from under heaven : and I will make of thee a nation mightier and greater than they .
On Friday morning she meant to go very early to Lady Russell , and accomplish the necessary communication ; and she would have gone directly after breakfast , but that Mrs Clay was also going out on some obliging purpose of saving her sister trouble , which determined her to wait till she might be safe from such a companion .
`` You might set up a dress shop in the living room '' .
" John enters like a brother into my happiness ," continued Mr . Knightley , " but he is no complimenter ; and though I well know him to have , likewise , a most brotherly affection for you , he is so far from making flourishes , that any other young woman might think him rather cool in her praise .
As for rebuilding , well , that might be looked into , but there was no hurry , no hurry at all .
The inquiry heard details of a memorandum written by a Foreign Office official in which he agreed that the ambassadors might be persuaded along those lines in order to avoid embarrassment to their embassies . 
The contempt which she had , very early in their acquaintance , felt for her daughter - in - law , was very much increased by the farther knowledge of her character , which half a year ' s residence in her family afforded ; and perhaps in spite of every consideration of politeness or maternal affection on the side of the former , the two ladies might have found it impossible to have lived together so long , had not a particular circumstance occurred to give still greater eligibility , according to the opinions of Mrs . Dashwood , to her daughters ' continuance at Norland .
the terms we sent were terms of weight , Of hard contents , and full of force urged home ; Such as we might perceive amused them all , And stumbled many : Who receives them right , Had need from head to foot well understand ; Not understood , this gift they have besides , They show us when our foes walk not upright .
He experimented with materials which , when heated with cast iron , might combine with some of these impurities . 
If Miss Bingham 's idea for the band came to anything Henry just might ask him about playing that washboard with thimbles . 
You do n't have to have curtains ; blinds are a good alternative or if the room has a marvellous view you might want to do without any form of window dressing . 
It was the fear of death and all the ways in which it might arrive : shooting , strangulation , suffocation . 
The invention all admired , and each , how he To be the inventer missed ; so easy it seemed Once found , which yet unfound most would have thought Impossible : Yet , haply , of thy race In future days , if malice should abound , Some one intent on mischief , or inspired With devilish machination , might devise Like instrument to plague the sons of men For sin , on war and mutual slaughter bent .
Emma wondered whether the same suspicion of what might be expected from their knowing each other , which had taken strong possession of her mind , had ever crossed his ; and whether his compliments were to be considered as marks of acquiescence , or proofs of defiance .
For example , the marked susceptibility of the monkey to respiratory infection might be related to its delicate , long alveolar ducts and short , large bronchioles situated within a parenchyma entirely lacking in protective supportive tissue barriers such as those found in types 1 , and 3 .
Here he put a small man , whose missing hands might have left his function doubtful , until comparison with the first sketches showed that when the artist came back to the beginning , this was to be the closing figure of the party of `` forty-niners '' , and was to hold a basket .
My immediate anxiety was that the authorities might forbid my journey , since the Asaimara of Bahdu had recently renounced their allegiance to the Government and refused to send tribute to Asba Tafari . 
Imperiall Caesar , dead and turn ' d to clay , Might stop a hole to keepe the winde away .
Her smile however changed to a sigh when she remembered that promise to Willoughby was yet unfulfilled , and feared she had that to communicate which might again unsettle the mind of Marianne , and ruin at least for a time this fair prospect of busy tranquillity .
King Hassan of Morocco had pressed for the summit -- already twice postponed -- to be deferred until late April when recent developments might be analyzed with " total objectivity " .
Her brightness was forced and she was clearly nervous at what might be about to happen . 
Contrast this with the position in jurisdictions where there are three or more degrees of homicide : pleas of guilty to first- and second-degree murders would be less frequent , since there would be the possibility of argument in court ( if no bargain was struck beforehand between prosecution and defence ) , and the defence might succeed in persuading the jury to reduce the degree of the killing . 
8 : 29 For whom he did foreknow , he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his Son , that he might be the firstborn among many brethren .
She knew that his mother neither behaved to him so as to make his home comfortable at present , nor to give him any assurance that he might form a home for himself , without strictly attending to her views for his aggrandizement .
After five minutes with Blanche , one might welcome the astringency of Grazie , who was a sort of Gwen Cafritz to Francesca's Perle Mesta .
This Right Whale I take to have been a Stoic ; the Sperm Whale , a Platonian , who might have taken up Spinoza in his latter years .
It turned out he was escaping a planned course of ECT because no one on his ward believed he might have a drink problem .
This charge might be dismissed , of course , as one more example of Anglo-Saxon empirical ignorance , complacent insularity , intellectual laziness , and so forth .
Why , King Henry the Eighth might have cut off your head had you not burped your appreciation . " 
Somehow I think that Watson paid more attention to me than he otherwise might have because his foe , Colonel Van Hamm , wouldn't touch me with a ten-foot blue pencil .
The recurrent memory of that humiliation and agony might well account for his near-hysterical loathing .
Fossils fascinate him too , and he says that he might even look to a career in palaeontology . 
It was just possible that the kidnappers might show it to him . 
Her thin lip curled in a rare smile -- one might say she had been pursuing her own studies . 
The weather forecast was not too bad , either , except that the heavy recent downpours might lead to the cracking of some water , or even gas , mains . 
These warm Trade Winds , at least , that in the clear heavens blow straight on , in strong and steadfast , vigorous mildness ; and veer not from their mark , however the baser currents of the sea may turn and tack , and mightiest Mississippies of the land swift and swerve about , uncertain where to go at last .
Drew admitted that they might well be correct as he could not remember . 
The route which he had traveled and which he believed might develop into a trade route was followed by his settlers earlier than he might have expected .
Search as he might , he could find no place where the Bible spoke of a moment when Mary could have been alone with Jesus .
For the sad truth is that while one might write well without having read Bartleby The Scrivener , one is more likely , to write well if one has `` read it , and much else .
He said the reason for the continued correspondence was that if he stopped writing I might get suspicious .
With such encouragement as this , was she dismissed on the present occasion , to her brother ' s carriage ; which they were ready to enter five minutes after it stopped at the door , a punctuality not very agreeable to their sister - in - law , who had preceded them to the house of her acquaintance , and was there hoping for some delay on their part that might inconvenience either herself or her coachman .
He saw that they passed the stone gates of what might have been a park , that they began gradually to climb a hill which , while wooded on both sides , was somewhat more orderly than a forest .
Their resemblance in good principles and good sense , in disposition and manner of thinking , would probably have been sufficient to unite them in friendship , without any other attraction ; but their being in love with two sisters , and two sisters fond of each other , made that mutual regard inevitable and immediate , which might otherwise have waited the effect of time and judgment .
17 : 19 And for their sakes I sanctify myself , that they also might be sanctified through the truth .
It is difficult , however , to see why the directors should have to take account of the interests of the as yet unidentifiable persons who might acquire shares in the company at some future date . 
First timers might be better off eating , as our colleagues did , from a special lunch menu that includes excellent dim sum ( we purloined some ) and several much appreciated noodle dishes . 
With multiple member districts the still fragmentary local party organizations could have operated more effectively and parties might have been encouraged to state their positions more clearly .
Or to the dreadfull Sonnet of the Cliffe , That beetles o ' re his base into the Sea , And there assumes some other horrible forme , Which might depriue your Soueraignty of Reason , And draw you into madnesse thinke of it ?
It might truly be said of him , as for many journalists in authority , that his most familiar emotion was one of continuous fear ; fear of libel actions , fear of lost advertisements , fear of misprints , fear of the sack .
Assume it , and it follows that if all the blood in a man could be aerated with one breath , he might then seal up his nostrils and not fetch another for a considerable time .
There were so many ways in which she could help , and by doing so she might mitigate the fears which crowded upon her when dusk fell . 
Nigel meditated on whether smashing her trophy might be the best way to make a clean break . 
In repose Biff 's arm hung in mid-air ; he might have been recuperating in a wing of the Apothacarion with his limb in traction …
Since he had neglected to do it on first coming to the estate , their quitting his house might be looked on as the most suitable period for its accomplishment .
One might say it combines the man ; ;
12 : 10 For they verily for a few days chastened us after their own pleasure ; but he for our profit , that we might be partakers of his holiness .
A very friendly inquiry after Miss Fairfax , she hoped , might lead the way to a return of old feelings .
Several days after the companies had received the questionnaire , members of the research team contacted the presidents of eleven of these companies in person or by phone to discuss any ambiguities or difficulties the addressees might have experienced in completing the questionnaire .
In the daily interchange of news , they must be again restricted to the other topics with which for a while the Sucklings ' coming had been united , such as the last accounts of Mrs . Churchill , whose health seemed every day to supply a different report , and the situation of Mrs . Weston , whose happiness it was to be hoped might eventually be as much increased by the arrival of a child , as that of all her neighbours was by the approach of it .
I mean you might decide you wo n't save anything if you only got a pound or you wo n't buy any presents or you wo n't buy any sweets . 
his hopes that the tunes from his old music might be used for popular American commercial songs ! !
After having walked up and down his room , conversing with himself , for some time , the attorney concluded that the agency must be given to somebody when Sir Arthur should have to attend his duty in Parliament ; that the agency , even for the winter season , was not a thing to be neglected ; and that , if he managed well , he might yet secure it for himself .
Very long has it possessed a charm over my fancy ; and , if I dared , I would breathe my wishes that the name might never change ."
` You can imagine just how difficult that might be , to deceive New York State Police , " said Mr Curtis . 
Our power analysis reveals that we might have missed a positive result if all non - responders had answered in a way to favor an intervention effect .
If you are single , healthy and in your 20s , then it is probably worth very little to you , and you might prefer to take a cash alternative if one were on offer .
Their bid was blocked on grounds that seemed contrived : the MMC purported to be worried , eg , that Lonrho might flood Harrods with nylon sheets made by one of its subsidiaries . 
BBC 1 and ITV will generally show films uncut after 10 pm ; BBC 2 and Channel 4 after 9. When films are shown before those hours there is a danger that the viewer might be confused by abrupt cuts and bleeps .
10 : 15 So the king hearkened not unto the people : for the cause was of God , that the LORD might perform his word , which he spake by the hand of Ahijah the Shilonite to Jeroboam the son of Nebat .
His daughter and Mrs Clay united in hinting that Colonel Wallis ' s companion might have as good a figure as Colonel Wallis , and certainly was not sandy - haired .
It was a young woman in silvery satins of a Renascence design ; she had golden hair in two long shining ropes , and a face so startingly pale between them that she might have been chryselephantine -- made , that is , like some old Greek statues , out of ivory and gold .
They took leave of Father Brown at the corner of the road , with some random apologies for any rudeness they might have shown .
5 : 15 Insomuch that they brought forth the sick into the streets , and laid them on beds and couches , that at the least the shadow of Peter passing by might overshadow some of them .
In fact , a cash purchase of a corporation's stock followed by liquidation might also be an effective way to transfer a claim for refund if the Kimbell-Diamond doctrine is not applied to eliminate the intermediate step .
Without that problem , IBM might have matched last year 's earnings of $ 5.81 billion , or $ 9.80 a share .
Added to the argument was the fact that while she might have tasted the coffee if it had been still hot , she might even have drunk some of it , she wouldn't have taken enough to kill her , for she would have been warned by its taste .
" I say ` old ' with intention , though not with certainty " continued the expositor ; " my reason for it might seem a little far - fetched .
The provisions are also designed to avoid disruption in State programs already in operation , which might otherwise result from the allotment of funds on the basis of wealth and population alone .
And then he thought Todman might be right .
The phrase would bee more Germaine to the matter : If we could carry Cannon by our sides ; I would it might be Hangers till then ; but on sixe Barbary Horses against sixe French Swords : their Assignes , and three liberall conceited Carriages , that ' s the French but against the Danish ; why is this impon ' d as you call it ?
I dare say you have seen enough of Edward to know that he would prefer the church to every other profession ; now my plan is that he should take orders as soon as he can , and then through your interest , which I am sure you would be kind enough to use out of friendship for him , and I hope out of some regard to me , your brother might be persuaded to give him Norland living ; which I understand is a very good one , and the present incumbent not likely to live a great while .
Six years hence , if he could meet with a good sort of young woman in the same rank as his own , with a little money , it might be very desirable ."
As might be expected , girls in this situation bleed very little and perhaps not at all in the process of losing their virginity .
3 : 6 And the Pharisees went forth , and straightway took counsel with the Herodians against him , how they might destroy him .
She might have seen something to interest her : the sign of the ship , or Mr Walter Pendragon coming home , and perhaps even the sign of the half - man , for though he is certainly safe by now , he may very well have waded ashore .
A variety of occupations , of objects , and of company , which could not be procured at Barton , would be inevitable there , and might yet , she hoped , cheat Marianne , at times , into some interest beyond herself , and even into some amusement , much as the ideas of both might now be spurned by her .
It might , my Lord
Moody and high-strung though Anne was by nature , the girls ' brief quarrels were no more than might be expected between any siblings . 
It was the ball the girls were playing with , which Ruth , who was a big girl , had thumped with all her might .
Let us now with whatever levers and steam - engines we have at hand , cant over the sperm whale ' s head , that it may lie bottom up ; then , ascending by a ladder to the summit , have a peep down the mouth ; and were it not that the body is now completely separated from it , with a lantern we might descend into the great Kentucky Mammoth Cave of his stomach .
This haue I thought good to deliuer thee ( my dearest Partner of Greatnesse ) that thou might ' st not loose the dues of reioycing by being ignorant of what Greatnesse is promis ' d thee .
You windows whose transparent shells might expose so much !
She thought royal status might come her way when , while she was still in Rome , she met Pulley Bey , a personal procurer to King Farouk of Egypt .
Accordingly , as `` in-group '' , they might have different opinions and practices than an `` out-group '' composed of those companies not so participating but interested in defense business .
You do not feel inhibited because you have n't prepared adequately or fear that other people might catch you out or ridicule you . 
The men who scurried past him , and the increasingly large number of attractive young women , were thinking of commodity prices , buying long or short , or a flicker of movement in the money markets that might be a trend or just a flicker . 
Here 's what they 've forgotten -- Rembrandt , van Gogh , Spinoza , hydraulic engineering , silver skates , Boswell 's education , ( I was sure there 'd be many a smartass remark about his law school days ) , treat , courage , uncle , rub , elm disease , those damned Spanish Hapsburgs , that crazy Protestant Reformation ( the long hair , the beads , the -- oh , wait , Woodstock again ) , the seizure of Sumatra , the wars with England and their possible connection to the death of Christopher Marlowe ( who never got to see Gwyneth Paltrow naked , but might have if only he and she had been at Woodstock ) , and the nation 's new maturity in 1952 when it took its place among other great nations as a member of the European Coal and Steel Commission .
He said if the proposed Budget forecasted a huge surplus , the party might turn it down .
It might be thought that this was a poor way to accumulate a princely fortune -- and so it was , a very poor way indeed .
" Can anything be more galling to the spirit of a man ," continued John , " than to see his younger brother in possession of an estate which might have been his own ?
` It might have been more diplomatic not to mention that possibility . " 
I say that one might do a thousand things instead , and that whenever I really come there I have the sense of hairbreadth escape .
When the captives arrived in Boston , `` the chaplain ( of their captors ) went to prayers in the open streets , that the people might take notice what they had done in a holy manner , and in the name of the Lord '' .
They are the weapons of the weak against the might of the strong .
Aye , well mightest thou fear the Lord God THEN !
O favourable Spirit , propitious guest , Well hast thou taught the way that might direct Our knowledge , and the scale of nature set From center to circumference ; whereon , In contemplation of created things , By steps we may ascend to God .
` Then might I make so bold as to inquire how such a humble thing as the Guinness clock leads you to solve a riddle which has baffled students of Egyptology for several thousands of years ? " 
` Who knows , " she murmured , ` what a thorough scrutiny of your books might have revealed ? 
After these , But on the hither side , a different sort From the high neighbouring hills , which was their seat , Down to the plain descended ; by their guise Just men they seemed , and all their study bent To worship God aright , and know his works Not hid ; nor those things last , which might preserve Freedom and peace to Men ; they on the plain Long had not walked , when from the tents , behold !
8 : 10 And he said , Unto you it is given to know the mysteries of the kingdom of God : but to others in parables ; that seeing they might not see , and hearing they might not understand .
Whatever money he might come into when his father died , whatever his share of the family property , it is , I dare say , all afloat , all employed in his stock , and so forth ; and though , with diligence and good luck , he may be rich in time , it is next to impossible that he should have realised any thing yet ."
2 : 4 But God , who is rich in mercy , for his great love wherewith he loved us , 2 : 5 Even when we were dead in sins , hath quickened us together with Christ , ( by grace ye are saved ;) 2 : 6 And hath raised us up together , and made us sit together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus : 2 : 7 That in the ages to come he might shew the exceeding riches of his grace in his kindness toward us through Christ Jesus .
Nothing she said , just a way she has of slightly turning and doing something else and not replying as quickly as she might . 
Christian-name terms and parity of treatment might ` encourage a more constructive dialogue on the topic of ` classlessness " at work " , Martins believes . 
Without the good magazines , without their book reviews , their hospitality to European writers , without above all their awareness of literary standards , we might very well have had a generation of Krim's heroes -- Wolfes , Farrells , Dreisers , and I might add , Sandburgs and Frosts and MacLeishes in verse -- and then where would we be ? ?
At USA Today , the Iraq combat is on the front below the fold , Cambodia is nowhere in sight and the lead is the real possibility that the NBA season will be canceled combined with a warning from the head of the players ' union that if so , the players might start their own league .
Much might be ruminated here , concerning the essential dignity of this regal process , because in common life we esteem but meanly and contemptibly a fellow who anoints his hair , and palpably smells of that anointing .
The outside surface is formed by a lacy sheet of soldiers , their legs linked together , their huge jaws agape , ready to slice into anything that might interfere with them . 
The stock tumbled 2 3\/4 on news that it might have to take a charge against earnings if it ca n't successfully resolve a dispute with its European licensee , Boehringer Mannheim , over its anti-anemia drug , EPO .
Niel said this was n't as simple as at first it might appear .
Now was the time when her son - in - law ' s promise to his father might with particular propriety be fulfilled .
Certainly , if convertability did not exist , few would accept the notes of banks if there existed the chance that they might be worthless in future years .
Yet often fear persists because , even with the most rigid ritual , one is never quite free from the uneasy feeling that one might make some mistake or that in every previous execution one had been unaware of the really decisive act .
But the Rhino at least has friends , although they might not always be what they seem .
He understood that she was in need of a dwelling ; and though the house he now offered her was merely a cottage , he assured her that everything should be done to it which she might think necessary , if the situation pleased her .
Whatever he might have heard against me -- ought he not to have suspended his belief ?
9 : 23 Thus saith the LORD , Let not the wise man glory in his wisdom , neither let the mighty man glory in his might , let not the rich man glory in his riches : 9 : 24 But let him that glorieth glory in this , that he understandeth and knoweth me , that I am the LORD which exercise lovingkindness , judgment , and righteousness , in the earth : for in these things I delight , saith the LORD .
Such another small basin of thin gruel as his own was all that he could , with thorough self - approbation , recommend ; though he might constrain himself , while the ladies were comfortably clearing the nicer things , to say :
The real state of things between Willoughby and her sister was so little known to herself , that in endeavouring to explain it , she might be as liable to say too much as too little .
Some of us might be inclined to argue , in fact , that an independence of mind and action and an intolerance of regimentation , either mental or physical , are particularly Southern traits .
So afraid you might have a headache !-- seeing you pass by so often , and knowing how much trouble you must have .
I was far from convinced of the truth of my statement , but could not think of anything that might evoke responses more quickly .
Had he married a more amiable woman , he might have been made still more respectable than he was :-- he might even have been made amiable himself ; for he was very young when he married , and very fond of his wife .
Mr. Martinelli has , in recent weeks , been of the opinion that a special town meeting would be called for the vote , while Mr. Bourcier said that a special election might be called instead .
His readings of heroic poems made him especially scornful of the notion that to say ` evil must be fought " is the same as saying ` might is right " . 
The old bill might be straight in Leyton but there are growing numbers who smoke weed and support calls for legalisation . 
The producer should reasonably foresee what might be done with the goods , such as predictable misuse by a child . 
Deciding to become a painter , he entered the studio of Gerome in Paris , where he enjoyed the life of the artists , but soon found that whatever talent he might have did not lie in that direction .
Neil had told me that he might spend the daytime hours between tides over here on Seal Island .
15 : 25 But this cometh to pass , that the word might be fulfilled that is written in their law , They hated me without a cause .
There are several other winter flowers , such as snowdrops and similar bulbs , that can also be pressed with pleasing results , so you might consider keeping a particular area of your garden solely for winter pressing . 
President Clinton suggested that the U.S. military might offer logistical support for an Australian-led peace force .
Whether to admit Hercules among us or not , concerning this I long remained dubious : for though according to the Greek mythologies , that antique Crockett and Kit Carson -- that brawny doer of rejoicing good deeds , was swallowed down and thrown up by a whale ; still , whether that strictly makes a whaleman of him , that might be mooted .
78 : 7 That they might set their hope in God , and not forget the works of God , but keep his commandments :
This hour I tell things in confidence , I might not tell everybody , but I will tell you .
" A burglar with a bad cold ," observed Father Brown , " that might assist you to trace him in the neighbourhood ."
The party drove off in very good spirits ; Sir Walter prepared with condescending bows for all the afflicted tenantry and cottagers who might have had a hint to show themselves , and Anne walked up at the same time , in a sort of desolate tranquillity , to the Lodge , where she was to spend the first week .
All the past we leave behind , We debouch upon a newer mightier world , varied world , Fresh and strong the world we seize , world of labor and the march , Pioneers !
He sounded so close he might almost have been in the next room instead of the other side of the Atlantic ocean . 
Because clients might not have accepted his African name , he worked under the pseudonym of Peter Mackenzie . 
Because either side has the right to scrap the agreement after the 1997 -98 season , there might be only one year in which 31-year-olds have complete freedom .
This meeting was called to determine how these groups might cooperate to launch what is known as the Outdoor Education Project .
He was invited to contribute any really good enigmas , charades , or conundrums that he might recollect ; and she had the pleasure of seeing him most intently at work with his recollections ; and at the same time , as she could perceive , most earnestly careful that nothing ungallant , nothing that did not breathe a compliment to the sex should pass his lips .
Though they might have forgotten that the following day would be the sixth anniversary of their engagement , he with his prodigious memory had not . 
There's bound to be someone on guard , but the hat might fool them long enough for me to get close '' .
A friend has told him that the council might be prepared to take the children into voluntary care for a while so that Ahmed can convalesce properly . 
She had no such object for her lingering thoughts to fix on , she left no creature behind , from whom it would give her a moment ' s regret to be divided for ever , she was pleased to be free herself from the persecution of Lucy ' s friendship , she was grateful for bringing her sister away unseen by Willoughby since his marriage , and she looked forward with hope to what a few months of tranquility at Barton might do towards restoring Marianne ' s peace of mind , and confirming her own .
To illustrate the complexities in evaluating how traditional program reforms might affect national saving , let 's examine two basic options that would directly improve Social Security 's financial imbalance-increasing payroll taxes and reducing benefits .
So , as Fisher thought it was possible that Archer , clever as he was , might be disappointed in his supplies , he determined to take secret measures for himself .
" Had you any idea ," cried Harriet , " of his being in love with her ?-- You , perhaps , might .-- You ( blushing as she spoke ) who can see into every body ' s heart ; but nobody else --"
How often I think neither I know , nor any man knows , aught of them ,) May - be seeming to me what they are ( as doubtless they indeed but seem ) as from my present point of view , and might prove ( as of course they would ) nought of what they appear , or nought anyhow , from entirely changed points of view ; To me these and the like of these are curiously answer ' d by my lovers , my dear friends , When he whom I love travels with me or sits a long while holding me by the hand , When the subtle air , the impalpable , the sense that words and reason hold not , surround us and pervade us , Then I am charged with untold and untellable wisdom , I am silent , I require nothing further , I cannot answer the question of appearances or that of identity beyond the grave , But I walk or sit indifferent , I am satisfied , He ahold of my hand has completely satisfied me .
He reasons that as anacondas 30 feet long are often found , some might be 38 , and occasional `` monstrous freaks '' over 50 .
This man was a wonderful vigor , calmness , beauty of person , The shape of his head , the pale yellow and white of his hair and beard , the immeasurable meaning of his black eyes , the richness and breadth of his manners , These I used to go and visit him to see , he was wise also , He was six feet tall , he was over eighty years old , his sons were massive , clean , bearded , tan - faced , handsome , They and his daughters loved him , all who saw him loved him , They did not love him by allowance , they loved him with personal love , He drank water only , the blood show ' d like scarlet through the clear - brown skin of his face , He was a frequent gunner and fisher , he sail ' d his boat himself , he had a fine one presented to him by a ship - joiner , he had fowling - pieces presented to him by men that loved him , When he went with his five sons and many grand - sons to hunt or fish , you would pick him out as the most beautiful and vigorous of the gang , You would wish long and long to be with him , you would wish to sit by him in the boat that you and he might touch each other .
When men in books awake from a vision , they commonly find themselves in some place in which they might have fallen asleep ; they yawn in a chair , or lift themselves with bruised limbs from a field .
Failure to comply with that instruction might give rise to a charge of obstructing the police in addition to that of obstructing the highway . 
However , if we assume that accountants also have an educational role , we might add to our definitions , to include potential users and potential users ' needs . 
We clean their homes , fetch their shopping , ferry them to where they wish to go ; and we do all this without thinking that our care might be undermining their independence , even their morale . 
Astronaut Norman Thagard and two cosmonaut comrades , whom Atlantis picked up during the five-day Mir docking , might be more eager to come back .
But the neighbours might stare and ask questions if they saw these little chaps running about your house , so I will hide them away for you .
This might be done to arouse those who have been squeezed out by the trims to exert pressure on the Legislature , so it would be more receptive to a tax proposal later in the year .
15 : 11 These things have I spoken unto you , that my joy might remain in you , and that your joy might be full .
In bower and field he sought , where any tuft Of grove or garden - plot more pleasant lay , Their tendance , or plantation for delight ; By fountain or by shady rivulet He sought them both , but wished his hap might find Eve separate ; he wished , but not with hope Of what so seldom chanced ; when to his wish , Beyond his hope , Eve separate he spies , Veiled in a cloud of fragrance , where she stood , Half spied , so thick the roses blushing round About her glowed , oft stooping to support Each flower of slender stalk , whose head , though gay Carnation , purple , azure , or specked with gold , Hung drooping unsustained ; them she upstays Gently with myrtle band , mindless the while Herself , though fairest unsupported flower , From her best prop so far , and storm so nigh .
He had been hoping they might be filled with something a little stronger than tobacco … having heard stories about Scandinavian teenagers … but was disappointed when they turned out to be regular cigarettes . 
Marianne might at that moment be dying .
A substantial achievement for a company that might have ended up dead less than two years ago
While the method of interviewing a small number of companies was appealing because of the opportunity it might have furnished to probe fully the reasons and circumstances of a company's practices and opinions , it also involved the risk of paying undue attention to the unique and peculiar problems of just a few individual companies .
Madeleine Durand was physically a sleepy young woman , and might easily have been supposed to be morally a lazy one .
Police powers to control public meetings and the offences that might be committed at such meetings are the principal subject of this book . 
Smiling , she waddled her way towards the staircase -- a figure from a Russian fairy-tale , Robert might have thought . 
Or they might be mixed with onion and garlic softened in butter then stewed with carrots and rosemary to go with roast lamb for lunch . 
This might be necessary and advisable if the issuing bank 's credit standing is suspect or country risk exists .
He might be superseded by another ; he certainly would indeed ; nothing could be clearer ; even a Robert Martin would have been sufficient ; but nothing else , she feared , would cure her .
" All night a wide - awake watch was kept by all the officers , forward and aft , especially about the forecastle scuttle and fore hatchway ; at which last place it was feared the insurgents might emerge , after breaking through the bulkhead below .
Travellers might get used to jet-lag in the sense that they learn to live with it , or they might find it progressively more irksome as their initial excitement with travel begins to wear thin . 
Secondly , he needed to get back the coins and the letters without publicity which might reach his wife or the police . 
Mr . Perry was an intelligent , gentlemanlike man , whose frequent visits were one of the comforts of Mr . Woodhouse ' s life ; and upon being applied to , he could not but acknowledge ( though it seemed rather against the bias of inclination ) that wedding - cake might certainly disagree with many -- perhaps with most people , unless taken moderately .
They generally vote so as to serve their own constituency , and if the constituency should be solidly middle class or solidly lower class , they might be expected to vote and work for middle- or for lower-class interests in education .
Robbie and Beryl tried their best to persuade her to come and stay with them , and Anne and I have told her she's more than welcome here , but I think she feels that she might be an imposition , especially as long as our Rosie is still in high school .
The fear was that Iran might learn how to construct a similar clandestine facility and then produce weapons - grade uranium undetected .
You might have failed .
said Alice , in a coaxing tone , and she tried hard to whistle to it ; but she was terribly frightened all the time at the thought that it might be hungry , in which case it would be very likely to eat her up in spite of all her coaxing .
These and similar studies suggest that the stress put upon diet , in the case of cancer and related conditions , might be misplaced .
Now one might ask why people who sell eggs would fight someone who is trying to make it easier to crack them .
An editorial in the Jakarta Post declared the elections `` a triumph for the Indonesian people and democracy , '' but in light of predictions that Golkar would poll strongly in the country 's outer islands and might be able to hold on to power with the help of small Islamic parties , the Post said , `` It would be a hollow victory and a terrible irony if our exercise in democracy failed to produce the very goal of the whole process : Voting out the status quo and putting a proreform government in its place . ''
She spoke Urdu ( the language of the Palace ) if not well at any rate with confidence , and was prepared to give the ladies whatever conversation she thought they might like to hear .
It might seem odd that the Minister for the Interior , rather than the Foreign Minister , Beigbeder , should be entrusted with the mission of parleying with Hitler . 
`` Regardless of whether one supports or opposes the right to an abortion , '' Mr. Freind argues , `` it is virtually impossible for any rational human being to disagree with the concept that a woman has the right to have all of the appropriate materials and advice made available to her before she makes a decision which , one way or the other , might remain with her for the rest of her life . ''
6 : 7 And the bay went forth , and sought to go that they might walk to and fro through the earth : and he said , Get you hence , walk to and fro through the earth .
Other designs might afterward arise ."
We were told the lawyers of Lord 's were worried that a statement might unleash a torrent of writs against newspapers . 
He did it because he knows for each guy he puts out of commission that's one less who might take his job away later on .
2 : 8 And then shall that Wicked be revealed , whom the Lord shall consume with the spirit of his mouth , and shall destroy with the brightness of his coming : 2 : 9 Even him , whose coming is after the working of Satan with all power and signs and lying wonders , 2 : 10 And with all deceivableness of unrighteousness in them that perish ; because they received not the love of the truth , that they might be saved .
`` They straggle at such a rate '' , he told the commander-in-chief , `` that if the enemy were enterprising , they might get two from us , when we would take one of them , which makes me wish General Howe would go on , lest any incident happen to us '' .
References to the ` incomers " are phrased in terms of the benefits which they might bring . 
In fact , the donors sometimes might be better off giving the money to the panhandler : at least he has no overhead , and he might even be telling the truth .
A careful student has suggested that `` In any new revision ( of the Judicial Code ) the legislators would do well to remember that the allocation of power to the federal courts should be limited to those matters in which their expertise in federal law might be used , leaving to the state judiciaries the primary obligation of pronouncing state law '' .
He also made some modest remark about his achievement , such as it was , and hazarded the opinion that he might best be remembered by his devotion to cheese . 
All along Zen had been haunted by the idea that he might make some blunder which would hang over him for the rest of his life , yet here he was behaving like a dope addict . 
10 : 36 For ye have need of patience , that , after ye have done the will of God , ye might receive the promise .
There were times when every man of this team would come together to work a single major warren system which might extend over as much as 50 or 60 acres .
So they among themselves in pleasant vein Stood scoffing , hightened in their thoughts beyond All doubt of victory : Eternal Might To match with their inventions they presumed So easy , and of his thunder made a scorn , And all his host derided , while they stood A while in trouble : But they stood not long ; Rage prompted them at length , and found them arms Against such hellish mischief fit to oppose .
As Harriet now lived , the Martins could not get at her , without seeking her , where hitherto they had wanted either the courage or the condescension to seek her ; for since her refusal of the brother , the sisters never had been at Mrs . Goddard ' s ; and a twelvemonth might pass without their being thrown together again , with any necessity , or even any power of speech .
Looks like we might be in for a speck of trouble '' .
He offered to give a guinea yearly towards the rent out of his wages ; and Mr . Gilbert spoke about it for him to the steward , and inquired whether , amongst any of those who had given in proposals , there might not be one who would be content with a part of the house , and who would join with Mary in paying the rent .
That , incidentally , might give you some idea of what Felix was like .
The answers that his analysis might produce were not intended for the enlightenment of participants but for the enlightenment of anthropologists . 
Yet not for those , Nor what the potent Victor in his rage Can else inflict , do I repent , or change , Though changed in outward lustre , that fixed mind , And high disdain from sense of injured merit , That with the Mightiest raised me to contend , And to the fierce contentions brought along Innumerable force of Spirits armed , That durst dislike his reign , and , me preferring , His utmost power with adverse power opposed In dubious battle on the plains of Heaven , And shook his throne .
Anne felt that she did not belong to the conversation , and yet , as Captain Harville seemed thoughtful and not disposed to talk , she could not avoid hearing many undesirable particulars ; such as , " how Mr Musgrove and my brother Hayter had met again and again to talk it over ; what my brother Hayter had said one day , and what Mr Musgrove had proposed the next , and what had occurred to my sister Hayter , and what the young people had wished , and what I said at first I never could consent to , but was afterwards persuaded to think might do very well ," and a great deal in the same style of open - hearted communication : minutiae which , even with every advantage of taste and delicacy , which good Mrs Musgrove could not give , could be properly interesting only to the principals .
Many of his verses , for example Ecclesiastical Sketches , Sonnets upon the Punishment of Death ( in favour of capital punishment ) , several sonnets on Railways ( both for -- in general ; and against -- in the Lake District ) , and one on Illustrated Books and Newspapers ( against ! ) might well find their present day equivalent in irate letters to national or local newspapers , or in an ` Any Questions " discussion . 
3 : 18 I said in mine heart concerning the estate of the sons of men , that God might manifest them , and that they might see that they themselves are beasts .
Now if we might go up the hill , and put the stones behind the wheels , you could sit still at your work , and would not the people give us the halfpence ?
She might start with the camisole and French knickers and add an underwired bra , perhaps , or bikini brief to match . " 
Anybody carrying anything that might hide a rifle ? ?
your manner might be only the ease which your engagement to another man would give .
He _had_ despaired at one period ; he had received such an injunction to caution and silence , as for the time crushed every hope ;-- she had begun by refusing to hear him .-- The change had perhaps been somewhat sudden ;-- her proposal of taking another turn , her renewing the conversation which she had just put an end to , might be a little extraordinary !-- She felt its inconsistency ; but Mr . Knightley was so obliging as to put up with it , and seek no farther explanation .
7 : 10 For Moses said , Honour thy father and thy mother ; and , Whoso curseth father or mother , let him die the death : 7 : 11 But ye say , If a man shall say to his father or mother , It is Corban , that is to say , a gift , by whatsoever thou mightest be profited by me ; he shall be free .
Considering , therefore , that squalls and capsizings in the water and consequent bivouacks on the deep , were matters of common occurrence in this kind of life ; considering that at the superlatively critical instant of going on to the whale I must resign my life into the hands of him who steered the boat -- oftentimes a fellow who at that very moment is in his impetuousness upon the point of scuttling the craft with his own frantic stampings ; considering that the particular disaster to our own particular boat was chiefly to be imputed to Starbuck ' s driving on to his whale almost in the teeth of a squall , and considering that Starbuck , notwithstanding , was famous for his great heedfulness in the fishery ; considering that I belonged to this uncommonly prudent Starbuck ' s boat ; and finally considering in what a devil ' s chase I was implicated , touching the White Whale : taking all things together , I say , I thought I might as well go below and make a rough draft of my will .
18 : 27 Wherefore David arose and went , he and his men , and slew of the Philistines two hundred men ; and David brought their foreskins , and they gave them in full tale to the king , that he might be the king ' s son in law .
It was an enraging affectation , worthy of an Oxford undergraduate , especially as Charlie might do it in the middle of a conversation , as he had done recently at a college gig : the Union President was talking to him when Charlie 's hands reached into his side pocket , the book was extracted and opened , and the man 's eyes popped in disbelief as Charlie imbibed a beakerful of the warm South . 
She had no idea of how she might use it : draining him of pity would be worse than draining him of money , and she would drown in guilt . 
That glory never shall his wrath or might Extort from me .
One such interest might be autonomy , the rights of exclusive use and alienation inherent in private property enabling individuals to organise their affairs without the need to obtain the permission of others . 
He might well have settled to be a good chief for the clan that you say you 're so concerned for , Eachuinn Maclean . 
In this letter , Mr. Kennedy made it clear that he limited his comment only to one consideration -- what effect the legislative proposals might have on future anti-trust judgments .
30 : 2 Yea , whereto might the strength of their hands profit me , in whom old age was perished ?
With his club foot he might well be grateful .
She shuddered when she thought what her fate might have been . 
Yeremi glanced at the Sergeant in case he might chastise d'Arquebus . 
This week FC Barcelona might do the same with Bobby Robson .
When the great stone was raised up , the tailor put some sort of contrivance under it , that he might be able to throw it down as soon as the giants came near to it .
Might he not just as well take off his head and turn out to be a hobgoblin ?
The latter was having a nap now , which Belinda was pleased about , as she suspected that the dynamic painter might well try to fight fatigue in the future when a painting session was going well . 
She stopt to blush and laugh at her own relapse , and then resumed a more serious , more dispiriting cogitation upon what had been , and might be , and must be .
1 : 9 For this cause we also , since the day we heard it , do not cease to pray for you , and to desire that ye might be filled with the knowledge of his will in all wisdom and spiritual understanding ; 1 : 10 That ye might walk worthy of the Lord unto all pleasing , being fruitful in every good work , and increasing in the knowledge of God ; 1 : 11 Strengthened with all might , according to his glorious power , unto all patience and longsuffering with joyfulness ; 1 : 12 Giving thanks unto the Father , which hath made us meet to be partakers of the inheritance of the saints in light : 1 : 13 Who hath delivered us from the power of darkness , and hath translated us into the kingdom of his dear Son : 1 : 14 In whom we have redemption through his blood , even the forgiveness of sins : 1 : 15 Who is the image of the invisible God , the firstborn of every creature : 1 : 16 For by him were all things created , that are in heaven , and that are in earth , visible and invisible , whether they be thrones , or dominions , or principalities , or powers : all things were created by him , and for him : 1 : 17 And he is before all things , and by him all things consist .
And they brought him unto Moses : ( and his mother ' s name was Shelomith , the daughter of Dibri , of the tribe of Dan :) 24 : 12 And they put him in ward , that the mind of the LORD might be shewed them .
Azerbaijani officials have said they might also free some of their 70 Armenian prisoners .
11 : 10 And I took my staff , even Beauty , and cut it asunder , that I might break my covenant which I had made with all the people .
An incident in 1984 suggested one additional means by which Mr. Noriega might have maintained such influence with Washington -- by compromising U.S. officials .
14 : 5 For it might have been sold for more than three hundred pence , and have been given to the poor .
It might hurt the old boy ."
The snake is still finding enough strength to thrash around as much as a flying snake might dare .
Although there is a slight element of gamble with money purchase schemes , in that no one can forecast with certainty how well or badly a pension fund might do , in practice most trustees act very conservatively . 
Dora , Lady Westbourne , might not be enamoured of her husband , but she was not going to be pitied . 
You might be interested to note that a member of Forward 's staff had been on the committee for two years but was , unfortunately , unable to stay on this year due to pressure of work .
Still assuming a deterministic setting , and given sufficient mathematical regularity in the underlying functions , the number of instruments needed might be expected to equal the number of variables to be controlled .
And as might be expected , given BBC WILDLIFE 's emphasis on conservation , rarity is evidently a crucial factor .
16 : 1 And when the sabbath was past , Mary Magdalene , and Mary the mother of James , and Salome , had bought sweet spices , that they might come and anoint him .
I yelled , flinging my arms about in a style I might have copied from them . 
22 : 45 Now the rest of the acts of Jehoshaphat , and his might that he shewed , and how he warred , are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah ?
25 : 21 But when Paul had appealed to be reserved unto the hearing of Augustus , I commanded him to be kept till I might send him to Caesar .
Author of the Albany Plan Of Union , which , had it been adopted , might have avoided the Revolution , he fought the colonists' front-line battles in London , negotiated the treaty of alliance with France and the peace that ended the war , headed the state government of Pennsylvania , and exercised an important moderating influence at the Federal Convention .
After a visit on Colonel Brandon ' s side of only three or four days , the two gentlemen quitted Barton together .-- They were to go immediately to Delaford , that Edward might have some personal knowledge of his future home , and assist his patron and friend in deciding on what improvements were needed to it ; and from thence , after staying there a couple of nights , he was to proceed on his journey to town .
" No ; but she might suppose that something would occur in your favour ; that your own family might in time relent .
`` Might get there faster walkin' '' , Lord drawled , `` seein' as how I got a busted front spring .
He might feel he 's a easy target …
Were CDs cheap items , one might excuse this , but the practice , of which PolyGram is the worst offender , is inconsiderate to the consumer . 
But still , for week after week , she never dared see if she was right , because she was afraid of what she might find within .
But another goblin tiptoed up to him and whispered , " Tell him the sun-god promised that you would be the mightiest warrior in the world . " 
4 : 10 He that descended is the same also that ascended up far above all heavens , that he might fill all things .)
Elinor ' s thoughts were full of what might be passing in Berkeley Street during their absence ; but a moment ' s glance at her sister when they returned was enough to inform her , that Willoughby had paid no second visit there .
16 : 5 Now the rest of the acts of Baasha , and what he did , and his might , are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel ?
Bronze -- as traditional a material as you might imagine -- continues , of course , to fascinate legions of artists . 
Doctors have said they are worried that a blood clot in Lindros ' injured eye might become dislodged if he takes a hard hit to the head .
The new edition of Holistic London has 300 pages jammed with things you might have heard of , from acupuncture , aromatherapy and flotation tanks to somewhat more esoteric stuff like Autogenic training , Rolfing and Polarity therapy . 
I was shown into a number of rooms , and eventually into the presence of a police officer , who explained that a serious campaign had been opened against the centres of anarchy , and that this , my successful masquerade , might be of considerable value to the public safety .
None of the organisations we contacted had large ranges to choose from but they might be able to help you out with information charts and publicity posters for a small or no charge . 
I say ` borrowed " because it would be impolite to suggest that anyone might have stolen them . " 
In such employments as these they were interrupted soon after breakfast the next day by the entrance of their landlord , who called to welcome them to Barton , and to offer them every accommodation from his own house and garden in which theirs might at present be deficient .
In the nursery school , both the researcher and the headteacher with her staff commented independently on what the returns might suggest . 
And as for this whale spout , you might almost stand in it , and yet be undecided as to what it is precisely .
Since a fall or blow might have caused it , a cold pack was usually first aid .
As the light looked so dim , and the place , for the time , looked quiet enough , and the dilapidated little wooden house itself looked as if it might have been carted here from the ruins of some burnt district , and as the swinging sign had a poverty - stricken sort of creak to it , I thought that here was the very spot for cheap lodgings , and the best of pea coffee .
A spokesman said : ` If the parrot could talk it might have said something unpleasant about having its wings clipped . " 
They were , however , encouraged to delay their accident estimate until they had thought specifically about how busy the junction would normally be and how it might appear in other conditions . 
He rubbed his eyes and stared everywhere , even up in the trees , as if he thought those sandwiches might be hanging up there .
Mary Jane might not be the most intelligent woman , but she was one of the most determined .
Landplane engines always seem to run badly when crossing large stretches of water , but flying across the middle of the island we disproved the theory that a floatplane 's motor might go into auto-rough over hard terrain . 
An individual might build a local paper from nothing and retain the ownership intact .
Instead his working life has been devoted , as one might expect from that neck of the woods , to the shoe trade , helping build up the family firm into a multinational concern . 
The pupils who do complain usually retract their allegations long before they get to the state where the teacher might be held to account . 
He replied that he could not imagine what importance there might be in thus meeting with a stranger , but -- joy of joys , he would be at home at the hour mentioned .
1 : 24 And they prayed , and said , Thou , Lord , which knowest the hearts of all men , shew whether of these two thou hast chosen , 1 : 25 That he may take part of this ministry and apostleship , from which Judas by transgression fell , that he might go to his own place .
That does not suggest the outrage that a perusal of Hansard might beguile readers into expecting . 
She instantly wrote Sir John Middleton her acknowledgment of his kindness , and her acceptance of his proposal ; and then hastened to shew both letters to her daughters , that she might be secure of their approbation before her answer were sent .
He scarce had said , when the bare Earth , till then Desart and bare , unsightly , unadorned , Brought forth the tender grass , whose verdure clad Her universal face with pleasant green ; Then herbs of every leaf , that sudden flowered Opening their various colours , and made gay Her bosom , smelling sweet : and , these scarce blown , Forth flourished thick the clustering vine , forth crept The swelling gourd , up stood the corny reed Embattled in her field , and the humble shrub , And bush with frizzled hair implicit : Last Rose , as in dance , the stately trees , and spread Their branches hung with copious fruit , or gemmed Their blossoms : With high woods the hills were crowned ; With tufts the valleys , and each fountain side ; With borders long the rivers : that Earth now Seemed like to Heaven , a seat where Gods might dwell , Or wander with delight , and love to haunt Her sacred shades : though God had yet not rained Upon the Earth , and man to till the ground None was ; but from the Earth a dewy mist Went up , and watered all the ground , and each Plant of the field ; which , ere it was in the Earth , God made , and every herb , before it grew On the green stem : God saw that it was good : So even and morn recorded the third day .
This last point raised the interesting possibility that not only is the brain the seat of the mind but also , different parts of the brain might be involved in different aspects of mind . 
But also that any who might peruse this essay from a research perspective will feel that I have not been too cavalier in the implications that I draw from the results of their studies . 
" Something that she said she wanted very much last winter , when she was so ill with the rheumatism -- something that she said yesterday , when you were making her bed , she wished she might be able to buy before next winter ."
There might have been a fence or a house just over the next rise ; ;
This duty might vary according to the nature of the contract of employment but would be broken if the employee copied or deliberately memorized a list of customers .
" I should have thought ," said Anne , " that my manner to yourself might have spared you much or all of this ."
If I had not promoted Mr . Weston ' s visits here , and given many little encouragements , and smoothed many little matters , it might not have come to any thing after all .
" THAT was exactly like Robert ,"-- was his immediate observation .--" And THAT ," he presently added , " might perhaps be in HIS head when the acquaintance between them first began .
Perhaps a maiden lady on Clapham Common is only the policeman that might have been .
It seemed to come from lower down than might have been expected , and to be addressed to his heels rather than his head .
As soon as mummy went to phone Jane , Anna crept to the back door , tiptoeing all the way in case mummy might hear her and drag her back . 
Mr Shepherd hastened to assure him , that Admiral Croft was a very hale , hearty , well - looking man , a little weather - beaten , to be sure , but not much , and quite the gentleman in all his notions and behaviour ; not likely to make the smallest difficulty about terms , only wanted a comfortable home , and to get into it as soon as possible ; knew he must pay for his convenience ; knew what rent a ready - furnished house of that consequence might fetch ; should not have been surprised if Sir Walter had asked more ; had inquired about the manor ; would be glad of the deputation , certainly , but made no great point of it ; said he sometimes took out a gun , but never killed ; quite the gentleman .
Whence he came in a mannerly world like this , by what sort of unaccountable tie he soon evinced himself to be linked with Ahab ' s peculiar fortunes ; nay , so far as to have some sort of a half - hinted influence ; Heaven knows , but it might have been even authority over him ; all this none knew .
Might I arst where you come from , sir ?"
4 : 15 For all things are for your sakes , that the abundant grace might through the thanksgiving of many redound to the glory of God .
And in any case , I might just come out of it OK .
There had been an attempt at a revolution in Russia , but then nobody concerned themselves much with the eccentricities of the world south of Cathcart or east of Camlachie , unless it might touch on trade . 
He himself might not have been really aware of his own mood ; ;
Some of our patients with suffocation or hypoxaemia induced by epilepsy might have died without a definite diagnosis and appropriate management . 
Much as you suffer now , think of what you would have suffered if the discovery of his character had been delayed to a later period -- if your engagement had been carried on for months and months , as it might have been , before he chose to put an end to it .
Within a year or two several thousand might be in service .
Had she followed Mr . Knightley ' s known wishes , in paying that attention to Miss Fairfax , which was every way her due ; had she tried to know her better ; had she done her part towards intimacy ; had she endeavoured to find a friend there instead of in Harriet Smith ; she must , in all probability , have been spared from every pain which pressed on her now .-- Birth , abilities , and education , had been equally marking one as an associate for her , to be received with gratitude ; and the other -- what was she ?-- Supposing even that they had never become intimate friends ; that she had never been admitted into Miss Fairfax ' s confidence on this important matter -- which was most probable -- still , in knowing her as she ought , and as she might , she must have been preserved from the abominable suspicions of an improper attachment to Mr . Dixon , which she had not only so foolishly fashioned and harboured herself , but had so unpardonably imparted ; an idea which she greatly feared had been made a subject of material distress to the delicacy of Jane ' s feelings , by the levity or carelessness of Frank Churchill ' s .
“ I might be able to persuade him . ”  
Outmoded this view might be , but most of us would still prefer to try on new clothes , wax hair off our legs , perform our ablutions or put on make-up in private . 
Some might think him , and others might think her , the most in luck .
He stopt again , rose again , and seemed quite embarrassed .-- He was more in love with her than Emma had supposed ; and who can say how it might have ended , if his father had not made his appearance ?
Scientists and science educators might do well to worry about the attractiveness of computers and the sense of power they unlock for brilliant young people today . 
Mr . Woodhouse could not be soon reconciled ; but the worst was overcome , the idea was given ; time and continual repetition must do the rest .-- To Emma ' s entreaties and assurances succeeded Mr . Knightley ' s , whose fond praise of her gave the subject even a kind of welcome ; and he was soon used to be talked to by each , on every fair occasion .-- They had all the assistance which Isabella could give , by letters of the strongest approbation ; and Mrs . Weston was ready , on the first meeting , to consider the subject in the most serviceable light -- first , as a settled , and , secondly , as a good one -- well aware of the nearly equal importance of the two recommendations to Mr . Woodhouse ' s mind .-- It was agreed upon , as what was to be ; and every body by whom he was used to be guided assuring him that it would be for his happiness ; and having some feelings himself which almost admitted it , he began to think that some time or other -- in another year or two , perhaps -- it might not be so very bad if the marriage did take place .
Analysts said that South Korea feared that intervention by the big powers might overshadow direct North-South dialogue . 
And yet the treatment of his characters is not exactly what that prefatory article of his might have led one to expect .
Another approach : An investor with $ 100 million might use $ 75 million to buy the S&P 500 index and spend the other $ 25 million on a favorite group of stocks .
After this , we might fairly expect our journey to have led us to some certainties about the language . 
Exception might be taken to the name bestowed upon this whale , on the ground of its indistinctness .
22 : 41 And it came to pass on the morrow , that Balak took Balaam , and brought him up into the high places of Baal , that thence he might see the utmost part of the people .
Well , the insurance company seem to have got it into their heads that If Greg Martin is alive Mom might be too . 
" It was something to feel that all the rest of my time might be given to Hartfield .
6 : 4 Hear , O Israel : The LORD our God is one LORD : 6 : 5 And thou shalt love the LORD thy God with all thine heart , and with all thy soul , and with all thy might .
No less rejoiced His mother bad , and thus bespake her sire :-- " The key of this infernal Pit , by due And by command of Heaven ' s all - powerful King , I keep , by him forbidden to unlock These adamantine gates ; against all force Death ready stands to interpose his dart , Fearless to be o ' ermatched by living might .
What I fled from was my fear of what , unwittingly , you might betray , without meaning to , about my father and yourself .
he cried , " I wish your father might be half as easily convinced as John will be , of our having every right that equal worth can give , to be happy together .
She had no intention of telling him about Ian White , the medical registrar she had dated for over a year and who she had once thought might have come to mean much more in her life . 
Last night 's lovemaking had changed everything for Sarella herself ; she had never guessed it could be like that , and she could n't imagine that it might not have been as earth-shattering for Marc too . 
And while her Adonis did not suffer from inexperience , satiety might well be an equal handicap .
She might peel him , once the worst of the agony was over .
He might tell her how sorry a spectacle she was making of herself , pretending to be blind to the way Julia Fortune had taken Dean's affections from her .
Indeed one might contend that , were a woman to celebrate , it would , through her very physical dissimilarity to Jesus of Nazareth , be the more apparent what was intended .
Beyond that , Allied disagreement about military intervention in Laos -- despite warnings that they might do so -- allowed Moscow to carry out with impunity a series of military and diplomatic moves that greatly strengthened the pro-Communist forces .
Thither he plies Undaunted , to meet there whatever Power Or Spirit of the nethermost Abyss Might in that noise reside , of whom to ask Which way the nearest coast of darkness lies Bordering on light ; when straight behold the throne Of Chaos , and his dark pavilion spread Wide on the wasteful Deep !
Though enlightened Spaniards might detest the brutal deceit of Napoleon 's seizure of Spain they felt that perhaps he alone could regenerate her .
11 : 53 And as he said these things unto them , the scribes and the Pharisees began to urge him vehemently , and to provoke him to speak of many things : 11 : 54 Laying wait for him , and seeking to catch something out of his mouth , that they might accuse him .
But the suddenly started Pequod was not quick enough to escape the sound of the splash that the corpse soon made as it struck the sea ; not so quick , indeed , but that some of the flying bubbles might have sprinkled her hull with their ghostly baptism .
There was only one place where the mountain might receive her -- that unnamed , unnameable pool harbored in its secret bosom .
No-one supposed we might be talking about the possible next leader of ` The Free World " .
14 : 14 And that first slaughter , which Jonathan and his armourbearer made , was about twenty men , within as it were an half acre of land , which a yoke of oxen might plow .
And , indeed , if ever Death himself sat writing at a wooden table , it might have been he .
The adverse consequences to the health of men in their seventh , eighth , and ninth decades could thus be considerable and might well counterbalance the small benefit of screening in terms of reduced deaths .
The character of Mrs . Churchill , the grief of her husband -- her mind glanced over them both with awe and compassion -- and then rested with lightened feelings on how Frank might be affected by the event , how benefited , how freed .
But were the coming narrative to reveal in any instance , the complete abasement of poor Starbuck ' s fortitude , scarce might I have the heart to write it ; for it is a thing most sorrowful , nay shocking , to expose the fall of valour in the soul .
78 : 6 That the generation to come might know them , even the children which should be born ; who should arise and declare them to their children :
His proclamation that the moon might be habitable was bound to attract criticism from Aristotelian diehards such as Alexander Ross . 
If he dwelt on the indignities he suffered he would lose all respect for her , and without the respect he might lose his view of her , too .
Not that fair field Of Enna , where Proserpine gathering flowers , Herself a fairer flower by gloomy Dis Was gathered , which cost Ceres all that pain To seek her through the world ; nor that sweet grove Of Daphne by Orontes , and the inspired Castalian spring , might with this Paradise Of Eden strive ; nor that Nyseian isle Girt with the river Triton , where old Cham , Whom Gentiles Ammon call and Libyan Jove , Hid Amalthea , and her florid son Young Bacchus , from his stepdame Rhea ' s eye ; Nor where Abassin kings their issue guard , Mount Amara , though this by some supposed True Paradise under the Ethiop line By Nilus ' head , enclosed with shining rock , A whole day ' s journey high , but wide remote From this Assyrian garden , where the Fiend Saw , undelighted , all delight , all kind Of living creatures , new to sight , and strange Two of far nobler shape , erect and tall , Godlike erect , with native honour clad In naked majesty seemed lords of all : And worthy seemed ; for in their looks divine The image of their glorious Maker shone , Truth , wisdom , sanctitude severe and pure , ( Severe , but in true filial freedom placed ,) Whence true authority in men ; though both Not equal , as their sex not equal seemed ; For contemplation he and valour formed ; For softness she and sweet attractive grace ; He for God only , she for God in him : His fair large front and eye sublime declared Absolute rule ; and hyacinthine locks Round from his parted forelock manly hung Clustering , but not beneath his shoulders broad : She , as a veil , down to the slender waist Her unadorned golden tresses wore Dishevelled , but in wanton ringlets waved As the vine curls her tendrils , which implied Subjection , but required with gentle sway , And by her yielded , by him best received , Yielded with coy submission , modest pride , And sweet , reluctant , amorous delay .
19 : 28 After this , Jesus knowing that all things were now accomplished , that the scripture might be fulfilled , saith , I thirst .
If it were love , it might be simple , single , successless love on her side alone .
A difference between subspecies might explain the great range in size .
She put it into her hands as she spoke ; and when Elinor saw the painting , whatever other doubts her fear of a too hasty decision , or her wish of detecting falsehood might suffer to linger in her mind , she could have none of its being Edward ' s face .
I am sure , Anne , if you would , you might persuade him that I really am very ill -- a great deal worse than I ever own ."
For example , the monthly bill of a residential consumer might be the sum of a $1 customer charge , a $5 charge for 250 kilowatt-hours of energy at
It was well that he took every body ' s joy for granted , or he might not have thought either Mr . Woodhouse or Mr . Knightley particularly delighted .
The prospect before her now , was threatening to a degree that could not be entirely dispelled -- that might not be even partially brightened .
Compared with the general public , I might positively be called sane ."
WHEN the famous Green Jacket was draped around the shoulders of Fred Couples last April , the American might well have shuddered . 
If he were foolhardy he might escape ; if he were wise he would stop where he was till he dropped from the cross like a stone .
3 : 16 When I heard , my belly trembled ; my lips quivered at the voice : rottenness entered into my bones , and I trembled in myself , that I might rest in the day of trouble : when he cometh up unto the people , he will invade them with his troops .
Therefore , an explanation of this alveolar bronchial artery supply might be the nutritive requirement of an increased amount of supportive tissue , not primarily diffusing in nature , in the region of the alveolus .
The kind - hearted , polite old man might then sit down and feel that he had done his duty , and made every fair lady welcome and easy .
Why might an attempt to explain a particular set of phenomena flounder ? 
In short , such propositions are not susceptible to a kind of analysis that might be applied , for example , to universal propositions which have no existential import . 
The defendants might say that even with the reporters testifying , they ca n't get them in .
All went home happy except the Newport police , who feared that the throng departing at 6:35 might meet head-on the night crowd drawing nigh , and those deprived of their happy hour at the cocktail bar .
A purchaser of land might well be uneasy if he knew that , even if he had no notice of a trust , the land could be recovered from him by a trustee . 
Well , let us talk of how things might be . " 
A watchman squatted at the entrance of one , but he was asleep , and might as well have been a statue . 
The time was now drawing on , when Colonel Brandon might be expected back .
As mistaken lovers might watch the inevitable sunset of first love , these men watched the sunset of their first hatred .
As de Lattre presented his case , his plan to construct 1200 bunkers of the Siegfried Line-type ( one wonders why its French counterpart was not mentioned instead ) was to provide against future Chinese attacks but , on the assumption that the Chinese might be deterred , French success seemed to be simply a matter of US munitions and confidence and , although it might have been misleading as a performance indicator , at the end of his visit to the Pentagon de Lattre was rewarded with Defense Secretary Lovett 's assertion that General de Lattre was regarded as a comrade in arms and that the US would do everything they could for him that was within their capabilities . 
His words might have been ambiguous , but the hackles rose on Rory 's neck as if he 'd been blatantly insulting .
Morley 's ` sin " was to acknowledge the short-term attraction of crack and to seek to explain , from his own experience , how the drug might alleviate social alienation . 
" I suppose THAT means that you ' ve no halfpence ," said Hal , laughing , with the look of superiority which he had been taught to think the RICH might assume towards those who were convicted either of poverty or economy .
Then the various officers of the college might take up the case .
He could have been blackmailed , or his family might have been threatened .
Sarah 's skin might be thirty ( except that Catriona had never tried to judge the age of anyone 's skin before ) . 
" The history of the thing might amuse you ," he said .
I think we might need the blinds down for this , otherwise it 's going to glare on the screen .
I would expect that sales at retail in the first half of 1961 might be below 1960 by some 10 - 15% but that second-half levels should show a favorable comparison , with a possibility of quite strong demand late in the year if business conditions recover as some recent forecasts suggest they will .
Laudable though the aim might be , the results have been much criticised . 
If they had held it , as they should , over the Patriarch 's head , it might have kept the dew from settling on his mitre . 
such a post might be based in a region , so that a more concentrated attempt at servicing contract volunteers and developing networks is facilitated as ` an experiment " . 
You might , without thinking , you know , tell that secret out loud to yourself , and some one might , just might happen to overhear !
Until then they had treated him with a mixture of sympathy as a man caught up , by line of duty , in a political imbroglio , and suspicion at what he might do to make things worse . 
Hang it all , it might as well have been grey .
Some observers speculated that this might be his revenge on his home town .
When Chaos came he fought as best he could but he saw that the pitiful weapons of the Elves and the peaceful sorceries of the Everqueen could not stand against the might of the dark . 
And when the Thai-language wrestles with new words for alien imports like ice hard water or parachute umbrella for supporting life , some might be amused at how downright literal Thai can be or impressed at how admirably sensible it so often is .
"' Tis because you are an indifferent person ," said Lucy , with some pique , and laying a particular stress on those words , " that your judgment might justly have such weight with me .
Others might continue with 88open itself , their continued employment being dependent on the level of support 88open members will actually continue to need .
Seeing him thus quadrupedal in the grass , the priest raised his eyebrows rather sadly ; and for the first time guessed that " fancies things " might be an euphemism .
One might digress at this point and speculate that if it is `` wise '' to create special sections for special status , then why not a special section for women pregnant before marriage , and one for 44-year-old men with teenage children , and so on .
22 : 15 And she said unto them , Thus saith the LORD God of Israel , Tell the man that sent you to me , 22 : 16 Thus saith the LORD , Behold , I will bring evil upon this place , and upon the inhabitants thereof , even all the words of the book which the king of Judah hath read : 22 : 17 Because they have forsaken me , and have burned incense unto other gods , that they might provoke me to anger with all the works of their hands ; therefore my wrath shall be kindled against this place , and shall not be quenched .
might have made the balance , that delicate balance that this Court has referred to , in another way , but that is something that Congress , through its ability to gather facts and make balances , is quintessentially capable of doing , and that is where the Framers vested the responsibility , and what this statute does is to favor , if at all , the creator with respect to the utilization of these rights , as opposed to the person who wishes to copy the creator . Tha
Try smaller local companies who might benefit from some publicity or for whom you could attract extra business or perhaps create an enduring and prestigious work of art . 
Neither of them were ever again to be mentioned to Mrs . Ferrars ; and even , if she might hereafter be induced to forgive her son , his wife should never be acknowledged as her daughter , nor be permitted to appear in her presence .
He might have spared his emotion .
You might not see one in a hundred with _gentleman_ so plainly written as in Mr . Knightley .
And he prayed that he might be shown a man --
But do you not think that with two pewter pots we might do what we really have never thought of doing yet -- discover what our difference is ?"
Having grasped the educational import of the manyattas , Windley cast around for ways in which they might be adapted for administrative purposes . 
Willoughby could not hear of her marriage without a pang ; and his punishment was soon afterwards complete in the voluntary forgiveness of Mrs . Smith , who , by stating his marriage with a woman of character , as the source of her clemency , gave him reason for believing that had he behaved with honour towards Marianne , he might at once have been happy and rich .
True , there is an occasional mention in his column of a point raised by a correspondent , and the Letters section of the Magazine prints a comment from time to time , but an important feature of the books is their inclusion of far more writer-reader interaction than one might suspect from reading the column alone .
As might be expected , Evangelicals were inclined to reprove those who were reluctant to have the sacrament administered to a gravely ill patient for fear of making him lose hope of recovery . 
The new Procurator , Julius Classicianus , began to fear that the devastation might have a serious lasting effect on the rebel areas . 
Sir Thomas will no longer be acting as go-between in the matter of correspondence , but the prince might well contrive some other means of communicating with you .
Changing the law on mistake in rape could help to change these social attitudes , even though for some time to come defendants might find themselves charged with rape because of such ingrained attitudes towards women .
She might in time regain tranquillity ; but HE , what had he to look forward to ?
As to relative frequencies of competing roots ( 7 - 1 vs. 4 - 4 , etc. ) , Thomas with his ' weighting ' seems to be the first to have considered the significance this might have .
During a General Election , Party members might be encouraged to lend a hand in nearby marginal constituencies . 
Or are all such categories simply irrelevant to the experience of people who , maddened by the loss of their families and entire worlds , might best be considered to have been'temporarily insane ' in the full and exculpatory legal sense of the term ? ''
13 : 12 Wherefore Jesus also , that he might sanctify the people with his own blood , suffered without the gate .
This fellow might be in ' s time a great buyer of Land , with his Statutes , his Recognizances , his Fines , his double Vouchers , his Recoueries : Is this the fine of his Fines , and the recouery of his Recoueries , to haue his fine Pate full of fine Dirt ?
Her father ' s comfort was amply secured , Mrs . Bates as well as Mrs . Goddard being able to come ; and her last pleasing duty , before she left the house , was to pay her respects to them as they sat together after dinner ; and while her father was fondly noticing the beauty of her dress , to make the two ladies all the amends in her power , by helping them to large slices of cake and full glasses of wine , for whatever unwilling self - denial his care of their constitution might have obliged them to practise during the meal .-- She had provided a plentiful dinner for them ; she wished she could know that they had been allowed to eat it .
Only when Graham begrudgingly replaced the ineffective David Hillier with substitute Anders Limpar in the 67th minute was there a hint that Arsenal might create something .
If there is sufficient interest then we might try to arrange working days at a running railway such as the Severn Valley and the Gwili .
With proper management she had some hopes that the guinea - hen might be made to bring in at least half the money .
As I took Celebration to task for its faux history and democracy , I reflected back on Fernandina , which was , whatever else might be `` Peyton Place-ish , '' at least a real community , the product of hundreds of years of conflicts bloodier by far than Parent vs . Disney school disputes .
She always watched them as long as she could , delighted to fancy she understood what they might be talking of , as they walked along in happy independence , or equally delighted to see the Admiral ' s hearty shake of the hand when he encountered an old friend , and observe their eagerness of conversation when occasionally forming into a little knot of the navy , Mrs Croft looking as intelligent and keen as any of the officers around her .
Then the Parson might preach , and drink , and sing , And we ' d be as happy as birds in the spring ; And modest Dame Lurch , who is always at church , Would not have bandy children , nor fasting , nor birch .
In the office you might have thought them only casual friends ; ;
In such a situation as that , where there seemed nothing to tempt the avarice or the vanity of any living creature , how could I suppose , when she so earnestly , so warmly insisted on sharing my fate , whatever it might be , that any thing but the most disinterested affection was her inducement ?
It was a foul tavern , sprinkled with foreign sailors , a place where opium might be smoked or knives drawn .
Jenny might have called it sarcasm , but all he felt was an emotion that bordered on disappointment .
Had Weller been present , one suspects that he might have put Lydia Mordkovitch , violin soloist in the Mendelssohn concerto , over his knee . 
She rated Lady Russell ' s influence highly ; and as to the severe degree of self - denial which her own conscience prompted , she believed there might be little more difficulty in persuading them to a complete , than to half a reformation .
" It ' s lucky you didn ' t turn your artillery on him or you might have given him quite a bad cold ."
If you think you might possibly enjoy doing a particular exercise , but it is not something terribly exciting , do not write it down .
" But , upon my soul , I did NOT know it ," he warmly replied ; " I did not recollect that I had omitted to give her my direction ; and common sense might have told her how to find it out ."
He had inquired after her , she found , slightly , as might suit a former slight acquaintance , seeming to acknowledge such as she had acknowledged , actuated , perhaps , by the same view of escaping introduction when they were to meet .
* With reference to the Polar bear , it may possibly be urged by him who would fain go still deeper into this matter , that it is not the whiteness , separately regarded , which heightens the intolerable hideousness of that brute ; for , analysed , that heightened hideousness , it might be said , only rises from the circumstance , that the irresponsible ferociousness of the creature stands invested in the fleece of celestial innocence and love ; and hence , by bringing together two such opposite emotions in our minds , the Polar bear frightens us with so unnatural a contrast .
by favour sent Down from the empyrean , to forewarn Us timely of what might else have been our loss , Unknown , which human knowledge could not reach ; For which to the infinitely Good we owe Immortal thanks , and his admonishment Receive , with solemn purpose to observe Immutably his sovran will , the end Of what we are .
It might be him , perhaps ."
The first , or double-step , type might also be called the `` railroad type '' because of its application to railroads ( and other transportation agencies ) by the Cost Section of the Interstate Commerce Commission .
Australia and the U. S. recently issued warnings that Islamic extremists might be preparing an attack in Indonesia .
Hansen will be getting a late spring training start , which might very well set him back .
For what followed was so improbable , that it might well have been a dream .
` The inference that Cheshire and Merseyside ` decision makers " might influence your strategy is palpable nonsense . 
Benson said , and Ramey wondered how close their thoughts might have been .
I was terrified she might see the guilty look in my eyes for I am the man who lost the English Calais . 
This might seem artificial to those who have not had the joy of standing on the fells and watching this happen . 
Emma had feelings , less of curiosity than of pride or propriety , to make her resolve on not being the last to pay her respects ; and she made a point of Harriet ' s going with her , that the worst of the business might be gone through as soon as possible .
His father thought he might become a weightlifter because of his strong legs .
I said , ` Were you aware that you might threaten , abuse or insult him ? "
If the Communists are sincere in wanting a united , neutral and disarmed Germany , it might well be advantageous for the German people in this nuclear age .
She restrained herself , however , from any of the reproofs she could have given , and only thanked Mrs . Elton coolly ; " but their going to Bath was quite out of the question ; and she was not perfectly convinced that the place might suit her better than her father ."
That it should come to this : But two months dead : Nay , not so much ; not two , So excellent a King , that was to this Hiperion to a Satyre : so louing to my Mother , That he might not beteene the windes of heauen Visit her face too roughly .
An unreasonable mistake in this context might be described in Pickard 's words as ` an easily avoided and self-serving mistake produced by the actor 's indifference to the separate existence of another . " 
Yes I put out an appeal to er my readers to search their attics and their er lofts and their garden sheds for all the things they might have left over from the second World War . 
He became an encyclopaedia , a bore , a touchstone and a perennially reliable spring on the subject -- most of all he brooded over what Fletcher Christian might have done -- had he headed for Australia ? 
To feel that she ought to be in better circumstances , that a little trouble in the right place might do it , and to fear that delay might be even weakening her claims , was hard to bear .
Dr. Barnes said that there seemed to be feeling that evacuation plans , even for a high school where there were lots of cars `` might not be realistic and would not work '' .
The size of the forces which might be raised by these primitive and inequitable means , especially at moments of real crisis , should not be under-estimated . 
2 : 14 Forasmuch then as the children are partakers of flesh and blood , he also himself likewise took part of the same ; that through death he might destroy him that had the power of death , that is , the devil ; 2 : 15 And deliver them who through fear of death were all their lifetime subject to bondage .
If we try to put that description more concretely , we might describe essay- writing as involving a standardised , written variety of language which seeks to communicate clearly while following academic conventions . 
Ace was uncertain whether or not to say anything that might disturb his concentration more than the noise outside did . 
But perhaps the greatest fear about workfare is that it might reduce the political spur to create jobs and lead to an army of people working in poorly paid conditions . 
Man or woman , I might tell how I like you , but cannot , And might tell what it is in me and what it is in you , but cannot , And might tell that pining I have , that pulse of my nights and days .
Suddenly it seemed to him insane that they might hope to locate Gyp Carmer so casually , even were he to prove the thief .
He suggested that a regrouping of forces might allow the average voter a better pull at the right lever for him on election day .
Sir Thomas drank a lot of coffee , and as this is often given as an enema in atropine poisoning cases , it might have led to his being sick , perhaps even delayed the onset of symptoms . 
But proponents of the ` deregulation critique " might well question the degree of regulation which has been imposed . 
As one who in his journey bates at noon , Though bent on speed ; so here the Arch - Angel paused Betwixt the world destroyed and world restored , If Adam aught perhaps might interpose ; Then , with transition sweet , new speech resumes .
The present crisis , indeed , seemed to be brought on by them ; and those misunderstandings might very possibly arise from the impropriety of his conduct ."
To be sure , there is nothing to justify the assumption that the names of the numbers emerged in numerical order from the primeval ooze of language ; but one might mistakenly conclude that the very first ordinal to be talked about in English was eightieth , and this at a time when only a small percentage of the population had a life expectancy of half that .
23 : 7 There the righteous might dispute with him ; so should I be delivered for ever from my judge .
As might be expected , the recent film by prolific one-man Finnish film industry Aki Kaurismaki bears only slight resemblance to the story with a similar name by Hans Christian Andersen .
She might do very well by herself .
The attorney saw and took advantage of Oakly ' s prejudice against the natives of Scotland ; and he persuaded him , that to show the SPIRIT of a true - born Englishman it was necessary , whatever it might cost him , to persist in this law suit .
He was abnormally quick with his brains at puzzles , and with his hands at conjuring , and it did not take him long to learn how he might convey simple messages by what would seem to be idle taps upon a table or knee .
I wish I might have them to show him ."
It might also help to make a note of your doctor 's answers as a reminder of what is said , for example about any medicines you should take . 
2 : 30 But as for me , this secret is not revealed to me for any wisdom that I have more than any living , but for their sakes that shall make known the interpretation to the king , and that thou mightest know the thoughts of thy heart .
18 : 7 Then the five men departed , and came to Laish , and saw the people that were therein , how they dwelt careless , after the manner of the Zidonians , quiet and secure ; and there was no magistrate in the land , that might put them to shame in any thing ; and they were far from the Zidonians , and had no business with any man .
It was just possible that she might have been persuaded by Lady Russell !
11 : 18 And the scribes and chief priests heard it , and sought how they might destroy him : for they feared him , because all the people was astonished at his doctrine .
Calling the lapsed soul , And weeping in the evening dew ; That might control The starry pole , And fallen , fallen light renew !
10 : 34 And we cast the lots among the priests , the Levites , and the people , for the wood offering , to bring it into the house of our God , after the houses of our fathers , at times appointed year by year , to burn upon the altar of the LORD our God , as it is written in the law : 10 : 35 And to bring the firstfruits of our ground , and the firstfruits of all fruit of all trees , year by year , unto the house of the LORD : 10 : 36 Also the firstborn of our sons , and of our cattle , as it is written in the law , and the firstlings of our herds and of our flocks , to bring to the house of our God , unto the priests that minister in the house of our God : 10 : 37 And that we should bring the firstfruits of our dough , and our offerings , and the fruit of all manner of trees , of wine and of oil , unto the priests , to the chambers of the house of our God ; and the tithes of our ground unto the Levites , that the same Levites might have the tithes in all the cities of our tillage .
Ah , how touching , one might think , what a sensitive gesture , what a decent avowal of a perfection that leaves nothing more to be said .
Before I pay a lot of money to try and get this problem sorted out , maybe you can tell me how I might be able to control this problem . 
The Second Son shouted to him to pray instead of cursing and we might get somewhere . 
Is it impossible that your sex life might improve after the menopause ? 
This might appear as an illegal thing to do but I tell you what .
that I might come even to his seat !
Had the same behaviour continued , Miss Smith might have been led into a misconception of your views ; not being aware , probably , any more than myself , of the very great inequality which you are so sensible of .
Unfortunately , the announcement of free time seemed to be the local signal for metal shutters to clang down over everything one might have wanted to see . 
The smile was still there , but it might have been the first smile of a baby .
he was straight , something angry in his attitude , as if he might be waiting to report something .
Although the primary mathematical properties of the middle number at the center of the Lo Shu , and the interrelation of all the other numbers to it , might seem enough to account for the deep fascination which the Lo Shu held for the Old Chinese philosophers , this was actually only a beginning of wonders .
Here houses looked to me like Monopoly chips : seeing a man cycling over the pathless tundra I scanned hopelessly for a possible point of reference he might have . 
So that no white sailor seriously contradicted him when he said that if ever Captain Ahab should be tranquilly laid out -- which might hardly come to pass , so he muttered -- then , whoever should do that last office for the dead , would find a birth - mark on him from crown to sole .
I recently purchased a new computer , and , because it operated on a system different from the one of my old computer , I asked a few friends to recommend a word-processing package that I might find useful .
` Can you make any guesses about who might have done this ? " asked Jean . 
Until yesterday , Taylor would concede only that Gascoigne MIGHT be England 's best player , which is a bit like saying that Linford Christie might be our best sprinter . 
3 : 8 Unto me , who am less than the least of all saints , is this grace given , that I should preach among the Gentiles the unsearchable riches of Christ ; 3 : 9 And to make all men see what is the fellowship of the mystery , which from the beginning of the world hath been hid in God , who created all things by Jesus Christ : 3 : 10 To the intent that now unto the principalities and powers in heavenly places might be known by the church the manifold wisdom of God , 3 : 11 According to the eternal purpose which he purposed in Christ Jesus our Lord : 3 : 12 In whom we have boldness and access with confidence by the faith of him .
His own children had suffered from the weakening of those values which he and Theresa had always taken for granted , and as for his grandchildren ( he had one so far , still in diapers ) , he shuddered to think that the true meaning of character might never dawn on them at all .
Ceres was the home world to a most advanced race of beings who commuted between the planets much in the way that you or I might take a sixty-five up to Ealing Broadway . 
He evidently couldn't foresee that it might be his downfall in the end .
It had been impossible to think of the future since John 's abduction , but 17 April was only weeks away and I had been discussing with Chris and Nick how we might mark it in some way . 
I wish you had been with us yesterday , for then you might have decided between us ; and I am sure you would have thought as I did , unless you had been determined to give it against me ."
My word , my wisdom , and effectual might , All hast thou spoken as my thoughts are , all As my eternal purpose hath decreed ; Man shall not quite be lost , but sav ' d who will ; Yet not of will in him , but grace in me Freely vouchsaf ' d ; once more I will renew His lapsed powers , though forfeit ; and enthrall ' d By sin to foul exorbitant desires ; Upheld by me , yet once more he shall stand On even ground against his mortal foe ; By me upheld , that he may know how frail His fallen condition is , and to me owe All his deliverance , and to none but me .
When she came a little to herself she sat up , begged that her husband would go on , and that nothing might be concealed from her .
This friend , and Sir Walter , did not marry , whatever might have been anticipated on that head by their acquaintance .
It was the whaleman who first broke through the jealous policy of the Spanish crown , touching those colonies ; and , if space permitted , it might be distinctly shown how from those whalemen at last eventuated the liberation of Peru , Chili , and Bolivia from the yoke of Old Spain , and the establishment of the eternal democracy in those parts .
Eventually , if the body lay undisturbed for long enough , the skin might even detach itself from the body .
From the point of view of word formation real might be expected to have two syllables .
As for Marianne , on the pangs which so unhappy a meeting must already have given her , and on those still more severe which might await her in its probable consequence , she could not reflect without the deepest concern .
4 : 37 These were they that were numbered of the families of the Kohathites , all that might do service in the tabernacle of the congregation , which Moses and Aaron did number according to the commandment of the LORD by the hand of Moses .
26 : 3 Then assembled together the chief priests , and the scribes , and the elders of the people , unto the palace of the high priest , who was called Caiaphas , 26 : 4 And consulted that they might take Jesus by subtilty , and kill him .
He might have coveted her body but there was no evidence that he had ever managed to seduce her . 
25 : 7 Yet ye have not hearkened unto me , saith the LORD ; that ye might provoke me to anger with the works of your hands to your own hurt .
He looked to see how aviation might affect our lives in 21 different areas , such as population , family , cities , religion , health , environment , recreation , crime , education , marketing , agriculture , public administration , international relations -- you name it .
23 : 10 And he defiled Topheth , which is in the valley of the children of Hinnom , that no man might make his son or his daughter to pass through the fire to Molech .
This request was granted ; but when Arthur further begged to know what reason he might give for this separation , his father refused to tell his reasons .
There had been fears in Lithuania that Poland might claim part of its territory , including Vilnius .
Firstly , it might argue that so much of what doctors do lacks solid scientific support that it would be ludicrous to try to insist that all doctors practise scientifically valid medicine all the time . 
And he missed the point that the swarthy witches might be laughing at him for hoping to escape Nicolas Manas .
But perhaps if she were to leave the room vacant , we might not be invited .
The bulk of the riders were in one block ; but one rider flew far ahead of the column , and with frantic movements of hand and heel urged his horse faster and faster , so that one might have fancied that he was not the pursuer but the pursued .
It was proposed that the NLP might form an electoral alliance with the National Peasant Party and the Social Democratic Party ( the two other parties formed , like the NLP , before the Second World War ) .
5 : 29 O that there were such an heart in them , that they would fear me , and keep all my commandments always , that it might be well with them , and with their children for ever !
It was there , in the course of trying to prepare new men for the `` culture shock '' they might encounter in remote overseas posts , that he first began to develop a system of charting the `` norms of human communication '' .
119 : 148 Mine eyes prevent the night watches , that I might meditate in thy word .
It might be that a long interval would elapse ere the White Whale was seen .
Had the Stark been on alert , its Phalanx defense system might have prevented the tragedy .
3 : 7 And he caused it to be proclaimed and published through Nineveh by the decree of the king and his nobles , saying , Let neither man nor beast , herd nor flock , taste any thing : let them not feed , nor drink water : 3 : 8 But let man and beast be covered with sackcloth , and cry mightily unto God : yea , let them turn every one from his evil way , and from the violence that is in their hands .
And I know , if I had been MAD myself , I might have done a foolish thing as well as another .
5 : 21 For he hath made him to be sin for us , who knew no sin ; that we might be made the righteousness of God in him .
Another time his father might have laughed or mildly remonstrated about the cruelty of the imitation . 
She might never have thought of him but for me ; and certainly never would have thought of him with hope , if I had not assured her of his attachment , for she is as modest and humble as I used to think him .
2 : 12 Huram said moreover , Blessed be the LORD God of Israel , that made heaven and earth , who hath given to David the king a wise son , endued with prudence and understanding , that might build an house for the LORD , and an house for his kingdom .
Aye , aye , I know that he was never very jolly ; and I know that on the passage home , he was a little out of his mind for a spell ; but it was the sharp shooting pains in his bleeding stump that brought that about , as any one might see .
Because agricultural activities are seasonal and the areas of production and harvest of many foods are widely scattered geographically , and because of the high cost of transporting bulk food items any substantial distance to a central processing location , the use of large central processing stations , where low-cost radiation facilities approaching the megawatt range might be utilized , is inherently impracticable .
I told Michael Quirke how a heron had once nearly landed on my back in Wales , and he was mightily impressed , taking it as a good luck omen . 
And he sought how he might conveniently betray him .
She had already repeated her own history to Elinor three or four times ; and had Elinor ' s memory been equal to her means of improvement , she might have known very early in their acquaintance all the particulars of Mr . Jenning ' s last illness , and what he said to his wife a few minutes before he died .
Muscari was in towering spirits , seriously believing in the peril , and his talk to Ethel might well have made her think him a maniac .
Though she did not feel the first intelligence as she might have done the day before , or an hour before , its interest soon increased ; and before their first conversation was over , she had talked herself into all the sensations of curiosity , wonder and regret , pain and pleasure , as to this fortunate Miss Hawkins , which could conduce to place the Martins under proper subordination in her fancy .
She wished that Finn might contract painful boils , and rose to her feet . 
Or they might shelter piratical degenerates who had become creatures of Chaos .
I did not even know , till I understood his design , that the living was vacant ; nor had it ever occurred to me that he might have had such a living in his gift .
Resolution limitations with electrostatic focus might be anticipated due to chromatic aberrations .
The client might refuse to make the final payments and the ensuing legal struggle is predictable .
This procedure , it might be supposed , would ensure repeated experience of novelty and should thus be especially effective in reducing neophobia to a test flavour not previously experienced . 
Life here goes on rather quietly , as you might expect , but we have enjoyed the most marvellous Autumn I think I have ever known . 
" Shut the gate ," said Barbara , " you have no business in our garden ; and as for your hen , I shall keep it ; it is always flying in here , and plaguing us , and my father says it is a trespasser ; and he told me I might catch it and keep it the next time it got in , and it is in now ."
It might be added that as he kept his word so he expected that others keep theirs .
` Some young women might find the life we live here unexciting . 
But Mr . Henderson , of High Gable , was by all accounts a curious man to whom curious adventures might befall .
He might not be found for days , even weeks , otherwise .
16 : 27 Now the rest of the acts of Omri which he did , and his might that he shewed , are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel ?
" Very good humoured , unaffected girls , indeed ," said Mrs Croft , in a tone of calmer praise , such as made Anne suspect that her keener powers might not consider either of them as quite worthy of her brother ; " and a very respectable family .
3 : 18 For Christ also hath once suffered for sins , the just for the unjust , that he might bring us to God , being put to death in the flesh , but quickened by the Spirit : 3 : 19 By which also he went and preached unto the spirits in prison ; 3 : 20 Which sometime were disobedient , when once the longsuffering of God waited in the days of Noah , while the ark was a preparing , wherein few , that is , eight souls were saved by water .
8 : 28 And when he was come to the other side into the country of the Gergesenes , there met him two possessed with devils , coming out of the tombs , exceeding fierce , so that no man might pass by that way .
`` I spoke to the fellow next door , too '' , she might say .
Among possible buyers , Grand Metropolitan PLC might find Beefeater a useful addition to its portfolio .
" Whoever might be her parents ," said Mr . Knightley , " whoever may have had the charge of her , it does not appear to have been any part of their plan to introduce her into what you would call good society .
9 : 5 Therefore I thought it necessary to exhort the brethren , that they would go before unto you , and make up beforehand your bounty , whereof ye had notice before , that the same might be ready , as a matter of bounty , and not as of covetousness .
For on the one hand the Athenian type of behaviour might seem to be quite incompatible with local state obligations in law and electorally to majority , articulated , social interests . 
What strength , or what constancy of affection he might be subject to , was another point ; but at present she could not doubt his having a decidedly warm admiration , a conscious preference of herself ; and this persuasion , joined to all the rest , made her think that she _must_ be a little in love with him , in spite of every previous determination against it .
14 : 29 And now I have told you before it come to pass , that , when it is come to pass , ye might believe .
The happier state In Heaven , which follows dignity , might draw Envy from each inferior ; but who here Will envy whom the highest place exposes Foremost to stand against the Thunderer ' s aim Your bulwark , and condemns to greatest share Of endless pain ?
Roman Catholic bishops and clan chieftains would even up the balance , and Ireland might boast a Second Chamber that would be the envy of England and the world . 
They were gone , she hoped , to be happy , however oddly constructed such happiness might seem ; as for herself , she was left with as many sensations of comfort , as were , perhaps , ever likely to be hers .
Specialty cooked items containing meat portions , as in `` frozen dinners '' might offer a potential use for radiopasteurization .
Other visitors might have seen the business-card as merely a piece of litter -- it could have stayed there , its drawing-pins slowly rusting , for years ; but Flaubert gave it function . 
Mrs Bosanquet might also have mentioned , without stretching the point too far , the wonderful convenience of being able to give these troublesome boys the sack at a moment 's notice .
I told him that I never liked to sleep two in a bed ; that if I should ever do so , it would depend upon who the harpooneer might be , and that if he ( the landlord ) really had no other place for me , and the harpooneer was not decidedly objectionable , why rather than wander further about a strange town on so bitter a night , I would put up with the half of any decent man ' s blanket .
10 : 1 And the LORD said unto Moses , Go in unto Pharaoh : for I have hardened his heart , and the heart of his servants , that I might shew these my signs before him : 10 : 2 And that thou mayest tell in the ears of thy son , and of thy son ' s son , what things I have wrought in Egypt , and my signs which I have done among them ; that ye may know how that I am the LORD .
They are antiviral drugs uh designed to basically shorten uh how bad the flu might effect you uh try to lessen its impact .
There was a large mushroom growing near her , about the same height as herself ; and when she had looked under it , and on both sides of it , and behind it , it occurred to her that she might as well look and see what was on the top of it .
They might advance rapidly if they would , however ; they must advance somehow or other whether they would or no .
Clearly , that is not to say that most words appearing in quotations in the OED and in any other ( original ) source are being used for the first time : on the contrary , it is very likely — and this might well apply to terms of art of a specialized field and , particularly , the speech of sailors , who did not enjoy an entirely savory reputation — that the terms were in oral use for a long time before they were written down .
This was not a particularly shocking or unexpected thing -- it was previously known to her that it might happen .
There was once an old king , so wise and kind and true that the most powerful good fairy of his land visited him and asked him to name the dearest wish of his heart , that she might grant it .
If you are planning to tour Europe for longer than a month , it might be wise for you to lease a car .
The Tsar wavered briefly and then , urged by Stolypin and others to stand firm , he rejected any step which might lead to parliamentary government and dissolved the First Duma . 
It might be diplomatic to humour him for the moment …
We would attend a film and , later on , I stated , we might go to the Mayflower Coffee Shop or Child's or Toffenetti's for waffles .
` Because she still sounded mad at me , and I thought you might try to dissuade me . 
They occupied a pew in the body of the kirk , with Georgina shepherding in a row of dark-haired young women who might be Margaret Heatherton 's daughters or her husband 's . 
; nd desart ways with ? oeril gone All ? might ,?
Well , that day I heard my uncle and another gentleman telling stories of magpies hiding money ; and they laid a wager about this old magpie and they tried him -- they put a shilling upon the table , and he ran away with it , and hid it ; so I thought that he might do so again , you know , this time .
You bring the log down with all your might .
Just as you might decide to colour co-ordinate your curtains and cushions , why not try arranging your houseplants into effective colour schemes ? 
So that Monsoons , Pampas , Nor '- Westers , Harmattans , Trades ; any wind but the Levanter and Simoon , might blow Moby Dick into the devious zig - zag world - circle of the Pequod ' s circumnavigating wake .
The poor old Colonel might have had some cause to complain , having been first forced to fight for two factions that didn ' t exist , and then knocked down with an iron lantern .
Harriet expressed herself very much as might be supposed , without reproaches , or apparent sense of ill - usage ; and yet Emma fancied there was a something of resentment , a something bordering on it in her style , which increased the desirableness of their being separate .-- It might be only her own consciousness ; but it seemed as if an angel only could have been quite without resentment under such a stroke .
and it was but yesterday I was telling Mr . Cole , I really was ashamed to look at our new grand pianoforte in the drawing - room , while I do not know one note from another , and our little girls , who are but just beginning , perhaps may never make any thing of it ; and there is poor Jane Fairfax , who is mistress of music , has not any thing of the nature of an instrument , not even the pitifullest old spinet in the world , to amuse herself with .-- I was saying this to Mr . Cole but yesterday , and he quite agreed with me ; only he is so particularly fond of music that he could not help indulging himself in the purchase , hoping that some of our good neighbours might be so obliging occasionally to put it to a better use than we can ; and that really is the reason why the instrument was bought -- or else I am sure we ought to be ashamed of it .-- We are in great hopes that Miss Woodhouse may be prevailed with to try it this evening ."
As Digby scuttled towards it , he began to consider for the first time just how serious his situation might be . 
The fact that AIA lists might not have been selected on a random basis .
With a grating rush , the three lines flew round the loggerheads with such a force as to gouge deep grooves in them ; while so fearful were the harpooneers that this rapid sounding would soon exhaust the lines , that using all their dexterous might , they caught repeated smoking turns with the rope to hold on ; till at last -- owing to the perpendicular strain from the lead - lined chocks of the boats , whence the three ropes went straight down into the blue -- the gunwales of the bows were almost even with the water , while the three sterns tilted high in the air .
But , as I have pointed out , there are many reasons why people in America might want to kill Todd .
A European woman might at least chastise him about his drinking ! 
If we look at the situation this way , we can get an idea of Khrushchev's nightmarish worries -- or , at least , of the worries he might have if his enemies were disposed to exploit their advantage .
He might have expanded the scope of this intriguing remark . 
" If you were as much guided by nature in your estimate of men and women , and as little under the power of fancy and whim in your dealings with them , as you are where these children are concerned , we might always think alike ."
You might destroy vital medical evidence which will help prove the case against the person who assaulted you . 
They were near hypothermia and might have died by the time they reached their goal , said spokesman Klaus Tapfer .
2 : 30 But Sihon king of Heshbon would not let us pass by him : for the LORD thy God hardened his spirit , and made his heart obstinate , that he might deliver him into thy hand , as appeareth this day .
I conn ' d old times , I sat studying at the feet of the great masters , Now if eligible O that the great masters might return and study me .
I undertake to examine all these matters to see what we might do . 
The agreement to hold another meeting might seem to be a modest achievement .
36 : 18 And he made fifty taches of brass to couple the tent together , that it might be one .
You might for example define Romanticism as " an artistic movement centrally concerned with the relationship between the self and others " . 
Father Brown had his back to him , and in that flash might have fallen dead on his face .
If the man had one character as a paralytic and another character as a pursuer , the antithesis might make him more interesting , but scarcely more soothing .
West Germany , with its industrial and military might , reaffirmed its democracy and remains firm with the free nations .
We took the matches -- they were book matches and once they'd been touched might retain fingerprints -- and the change .
Mr Brown got the Blackpool conference off to a storming start , brushing aside fears that it might be distracted by Euro rebel Bryan Gould 's resignation from John Smith 's top team . 
In combat , helping your CO make a fool of himself might mean getting yourself killed .
He might have sexual desires , he might find certain people attractive . 
She might have known that he would never divulge his relationship with Elise . 
` As a clergyman he might well consider our situation to be improper . 
-- And when Mrs . Bates was saying something to Emma , whispered farther , " We do not say a word of any _assistance_ that Perry might have ; not a word of a certain young physician from Windsor .-- Oh !
I thought of nothing but whether it might not be Colonel Brandon come back again ; so I said to Sir John , I do think I hear a carriage ; perhaps it is Colonel Brandon come back again "--
A most suitable connection everybody must consider it , but I think it might be a very happy one ."
Mr . Knightley ' s excessive curiosity to know what this word might be , made him seize every possible moment for darting his eye towards it , and it was not long before he saw it to be _Dixon_ .
` I might be prepared to do that , " conceded Zeinab , dusting the powder from her fingers . 
She had taken up a wrong idea , fancying it was a mother and daughter , a son and son ' s wife , who all lived together ; but when it appeared that the Mr . Martin , who bore a part in the narrative , and was always mentioned with approbation for his great good - nature in doing something or other , was a single man ; that there was no young Mrs . Martin , no wife in the case ; she did suspect danger to her poor little friend from all this hospitality and kindness , and that , if she were not taken care of , she might be required to sink herself forever .
11 : 4 When Jesus heard that , he said , This sickness is not unto death , but for the glory of God , that the Son of God might be glorified thereby .
You might recognize her by her kind and open face , a simplicity which you could easily overlook . 
Our biggest problem is non-attendance authorised by parents for what might be considered unacceptable reasons .
He went into the Jewish quarter , wanting to draw Hebraic faces so that he could reach a visual understanding of how Christ might have looked .
While he might have dismissed her , Vitor appeared to find it disconcerting that she should turn the tables and dismiss him . 
They might prefer to work out a general letter and simply insert the details such as where they saw the job advertised and the name given to the vacancy advertised . 
I mean we can say what it 's made of and we might be able to make a guess at how old it is . 
He was scraping the mud of the streets off his boots and dusting down his shoulders as if the rain itself might be contaminated . 
And her wish , that Philippa try to find her mother 's kin , touched some chord that somewhere in this loneliness there might be help . 
She chuckled , then might pick up the animal by the scruff ( if it were a cavey , or a bird ) , and dash it to death on the ground and spill the guts to read them for herself , then sprinkle blood inside the circle and on her cheeks and brow . 
It would smell like a hyena " -- Food Minister Nicholas Soames , after relishing a plate of six-year-old beef , on being asked whether there might , however , be after-effects . 
And what news , Sarah thought as satirically as Maude might have said it .
Do you think there might be any available ? " 
Soon they sent a third messenger to Jove , and begged that they might have a better king ,-- a king who was worth while .
He knows it to be so , by his promises and messages ; but if he wished to do it , it might be done .
Starting from a recognition of the constraints and opportunities set by human and natural resource endowments , one might assume that they then define a broad set of goals for the future .
war seemed a civil game To this uproar ; horrid confusion heaped Upon confusion rose : And now all Heaven Had gone to wrack , with ruin overspread ; Had not the Almighty Father , where he sits Shrined in his sanctuary of Heaven secure , Consulting on the sum of things , foreseen This tumult , and permitted all , advised : That his great purpose he might so fulfil , To honour his anointed Son avenged Upon his enemies , and to declare All power on him transferred : Whence to his Son , The Assessour of his throne , he thus began .
One might almost pity the frail old man in East Berlin , seemingly helpless and uncomprehending as his life 's work crumbles around him . 
when Millions of fierce encountering Angels fought On either side , the least of whom could wield These elements , and arm him with the force Of all their regions : How much more of power Army against army numberless to raise Dreadful combustion warring , and disturb , Though not destroy , their happy native seat ; Had not the Eternal King Omnipotent , From his strong hold of Heaven , high over - ruled And limited their might ; though numbered such As each divided legion might have seemed A numerous host ; in strength each armed hand A legion ; led in fight , yet leader seemed Each warriour single as in chief , expert When to advance , or stand , or turn the sway Of battle , open when , and when to close The ridges of grim war : No thought of flight , None of retreat , no unbecoming deed That argued fear ; each on himself relied , As only in his arm the moment lay Of victory : Deeds of eternal fame Were done , but infinite ; for wide was spread That war and various ; sometimes on firm ground A standing fight , then , soaring on main wing , Tormented all the air ; all air seemed then Conflicting fire .
9 : 1 Hear , O Israel : Thou art to pass over Jordan this day , to go in to possess nations greater and mightier than thyself , cities great and fenced up to heaven , 9 : 2 A people great and tall , the children of the Anakims , whom thou knowest , and of whom thou hast heard say , Who can stand before the children of Anak !
Half the sum of attraction , on either side , might have been enough , for he had nothing to do , and she had hardly anybody to love ; but the encounter of such lavish recommendations could not fail .
At upcoming summit meetings President Clinton might need a program to keep track of the new faces .
Fearing in his heart lest this might prove but too true , the captain a little desisted , but still commanded the insurgents instantly to return to their duty .
Thus , measuring things in Heaven by things on Earth , At thy request , and that thou mayest beware By what is past , to thee I have revealed What might have else to human race been hid ; The discord which befel , and war in Heaven Among the angelick Powers , and the deep fall Of those too high aspiring , who rebelled With Satan ; he who envies now thy state , Who now is plotting how he may seduce Thee also from obedience , that , with him Bereaved of happiness , thou mayest partake His punishment , eternal misery ; Which would be all his solace and revenge , As a despite done against the Most High , Thee once to gain companion of his woe .
Just once , as the waves came up over her feet , she hesitated and gave a short gasp , as anyone might have done at the sudden cold . 
well if you if you 're on you 're on the usenet groups you might try uh alt privacy
Having had to study the figures herself , Kate finally became intrigued by them and decided that she might as well play the stock market on her own . 
The beginning , however , of every visit displayed none but the properest feelings , and this being of necessity so short might be hoped to pass away in unsullied cordiality .
She might have had an unknown liver defect or the symptoms were induced by the drug .
“ Your only problem might be if you are very tall and worry about what other people think . 
Neither was this universal adviser more successful in an attempt to introduce a tutor to Frederick , who , she apprehended , must want some one to perfect him in the Latin and Greek , and dead languages , of which , she observed , it would be impertinent for a woman to talk ; only she might venture to repeat what she had heard said by good authority , that a competency of the dead tongues could be had nowhere but at a public school , or else from a private tutor who had been abroad ( after the advantage of a classical education , finished in one of the universities ) with a good family ; without which introduction it was idle to think of reaping solid advantages from any continental tour ; all which requisites , from personal knowledge , she could aver to be concentrated in the gentleman she had the honour to recommend , as having been tutor to a young nobleman , who had now no further occasion for him , having , unfortunately for himself and his family , been killed in an untimely duel .
If you could tell by his manner when the word that might hang him had come , why shouldn ' t he tell from your manner that the word that might hang him was coming ?
Richards' view of the aesthetic experience might constitute a sixth variety : for him it constitutes , in part , the organization of impulses .
If I don't get some whisky down him he might die .
By one measure I might have saved myself .
Huw , a brown-eyed version of Feargal himself , accompanied by a pretty little blonde girl , looked as though he might enjoy causing chaos just for the hell of it .
Hoping , therefore , that the snow - shower might be slight , he stepped back out of the street for a moment and stood up under the doorway of a small and greasy hair - dresser ' s shop , the front window of which was empty , except for a sickly wax lady in evening dress .
Accessory , perhaps , to the impulse dictating the thing he was now about to do , were certain prudential motives , whose object might have been to revive the spirits of his crew by a stroke of his subtile skill , in a matter so wondrous as that of the inverted compasses .
Elinor had just been congratulating herself , in the midst of her perplexity , that however difficult it might be to express herself properly by letter , it was at least preferable to giving the information by word of mouth , when her visitor entered , to force her upon this greatest exertion of all .
2 : 4 For out of much affliction and anguish of heart I wrote unto you with many tears ; not that ye should be grieved , but that ye might know the love which I have more abundantly unto you .
He was also personally active in ward politics , and by 1924 O'Banion had acquired sufficient political might to be able to state : `` I always deliver my borough as per requirements '' .
nor did he elaborate just what favorable evidence the Federal Bureau of Investigation reports might disclose .
With a painter father and a musician mother , it might not have been easy to decide in which artistic direction to steer the young Sylvestra . 
He was not planning to chastise her with a blow or two , as he might chastise his wife for disobedience . 
Alice thought she might as well wait , as she had nothing else to do , and perhaps after all it might tell her something worth hearing .
The co-existence of liver disease and the presence of circulating AMAs in Sjögren 's patients sera has been pointed as an indicator that liver pathology might be autoimmune and similar to that of primary biliary cirrhosis [ 4 7 8 10 ] . In previous studies , a pericholangial lymphocytic infiltration similar to that found in stage I of primary biliary cirrhosis , has been reported in 1°SS with abnormal liver function tests or positivity for AMA [ 4 7 ] . In our review of cases , we found predominance in hepatocellular liver damage rather than cholestatic disease , which would argue against a PBC-type of liver damage .
What was missing in the Governor's argument , as in so many similar arguments , was a premise which would enable one to make the ethical leap from what might be militarily desirable to what is right .
Were that the end of the story , the eastern wage deal might indeed strangle Germany 's economy gradually .
how they still strove through that infinite blueness to seek out the thing that might destroy them !
They also acknowledged that operators had initially delayed taking action for nearly an hour , in the belief that a gauge which showed an increase in radioactivity in the secondary system might be giving false readings . 
Anything too technical might catapult him into orbit again . 
The authors , whose style is often banal and who favour such phrases as ` the march of history " , end with a detailed discussion of how these evils might be avoided . 
Then on Monday morning -- or it might have to be Tuesday -- get up and leave just the usual time , and last thing , put the money in an envelope under the old woman's purse there in the drawer .
I knew he had a private hope that some day he might make a book with them . 
Mrs . John Knightley was a pretty , elegant little woman , of gentle , quiet manners , and a disposition remarkably amiable and affectionate ; wrapt up in her family ; a devoted wife , a doating mother , and so tenderly attached to her father and sister that , but for these higher ties , a warmer love might have seemed impossible .
Le Monde in Paris spoke of `` great disappointment '' and `` a wave of frustration '' and said that Gore might even have caused the summit to fail .
1 : 21 And you , that were sometime alienated and enemies in your mind by wicked works , yet now hath he reconciled 1 : 22 In the body of his flesh through death , to present you holy and unblameable and unreproveable in his sight : 1 : 23 If ye continue in the faith grounded and settled , and be not moved away from the hope of the gospel , which ye have heard , and which was preached to every creature which is under heaven ; whereof I Paul am made a minister ; 1 : 24 Who now rejoice in my sufferings for you , and fill up that which is behind of the afflictions of Christ in my flesh for his body ' s sake , which is the church : 1 : 25 Whereof I am made a minister , according to the dispensation of God which is given to me for you , to fulfil the word of God ; 1 : 26 Even the mystery which hath been hid from ages and from generations , but now is made manifest to his saints : 1 : 27 To whom God would make known what is the riches of the glory of this mystery among the Gentiles ; which is Christ in you , the hope of glory : 1 : 28 Whom we preach , warning every man , and teaching every man in all wisdom ; that we may present every man perfect in Christ Jesus : 1 : 29 Whereunto I also labour , striving according to his working , which worketh in me mightily .
He might take a fancy to mine -- heavens !
He might think it the honourable thing to do . 
A family simulating post strike conditions in an improvised shelter was asked how it thought it might cope with diarrhoea and vomiting and , understandably , did n't think it would cope very well .
1 : 3 And the king spake unto Ashpenaz the master of his eunuchs , that he should bring certain of the children of Israel , and of the king ' s seed , and of the princes ; 1 : 4 Children in whom was no blemish , but well favoured , and skilful in all wisdom , and cunning in knowledge , and understanding science , and such as had ability in them to stand in the king ' s palace , and whom they might teach the learning and the tongue of the Chaldeans .
Diderot 's standards were those primarily of a moralist , questioning how morality might be fashioned through painting , but he was sensitive to artistic aims ; his essay on painting was admired both by Goethe and Baudelaire . 
There are certain tax attributes of a corporation whose nature and effect might depend on the facts of the particular reorganization involved .
In addition , HealthVest said Bank of Tokyo Trust Co. also has notified it of a default and said it might take action to cure the default .
Though she had been quite a successful model herself Arlene had never reached those giddy heights — the thought that now a pupil and protégé of hers might achieve it made her prickle with excitement . 
Whillan 's interests had moved on from Rolls , Rhymes and Tales , and he now affected complete boredom with anything that old Husk might have to offer him . 
Nevertheless , if we are ever to make new discoveries about intonation , it will be as a result of studying what people actually say rather than inventing examples of what they might say . 
The party had feared that if the two influential men were ousted , some of their supporters might go with them , depriving the Nationalists of their majority .
You may guess , therefore , that the news he heard from his friend could not be very agreeable , and you may guess what it produced ; the resolution of coming back to Bath as soon as possible , and of fixing himself here for a time , with the view of renewing his former acquaintance , and recovering such a footing in the family as might give him the means of ascertaining the degree of his danger , and of circumventing the lady if he found it material .
It was to change the nature of France 's regime , so that the nation would be better placed to meet any challenge or resolve any problem that it might have to face .
Susan was afraid that the disagreeable smell might waken her mother ; and , gently disengaging her hand , she went on tiptoe to extinguish the candle .
" She had set out from Mrs . Goddard ' s half an hour ago -- she had been afraid it would rain -- she had been afraid it would pour down every moment -- but she thought she might get to Hartfield first -- she had hurried on as fast as possible ; but then , as she was passing by the house where a young woman was making up a gown for her , she thought she would just step in and see how it went on ; and though she did not seem to stay half a moment there , soon after she came out it began to rain , and she did not know what to do ; so she ran on directly , as fast as she could , and took shelter at Ford ' s ."
" I have only to add , my dear Willoughby , that at Barton cottage you will always be welcome ; for I will not press you to return here immediately , because you only can judge how far THAT might be pleasing to Mrs . Smith ; and on this head I shall be no more disposed to question your judgment than to doubt your inclination ."
First , however , she waited for a few minutes to see if she was going to shrink any further : she felt a little nervous about this ; ' for it might end , you know ,' said Alice to herself , ' in my going out altogether , like a candle .
If in that light there is anything which you suppose his cousin might fairly ask of him , I beg you would not hesitate to employ me ."
On the day following Queequeg ' s signing the articles , word was given at all the inns where the ship ' s company were stopping , that their chests must be on board before night , for there was no telling how soon the vessel might be sailing .
Then , and then only , under such a roof , I might perhaps be as happy at Combe as I have been at Barton ."
" But , Harriet , is it necessary to burn the court - plaister ?-- I have not a word to say for the bit of old pencil , but the court - plaister might be useful ."
6 : 10 Finally , my brethren , be strong in the Lord , and in the power of his might .
Well hast thou motioned , well thy thoughts employed , How we might best fulfil the work which here God hath assigned us ; nor of me shalt pass Unpraised : for nothing lovelier can be found In woman , than to study houshold good , And good works in her husband to promote .
It might at least remind the YFs and their like that tomorrow does n't necessarily belong to them .
When I had seene this hot loue on the wing , As I perceiued it , I must tell you that Before my Daughter told me what might you Or my deere Maiestie your Queene heere , think , If I had playd the Deske or Table - booke , Or giuen my heart a winking , mute and dumbe , Or look ' d vpon this Loue , with idle sight , What might you thinke ?
Close to a large city they might even specify the size of the nails used ; ;
Although it might have been hoped that local and central government would redirect main programmes to the benefit of the cities , there is little to suggest that this occurred .
Some inconvenience to your friends , indeed , might result from it -- you would not be able to give them so much of your time .
But though he might have been a waxwork when they were within four yards of him , he jumped up like a jack - in - the - box when they came within three , and said in a deferential , though not undignified , manner : " Will you step inside , gentlemen ?
` Well , if this war wound stands up ter walkin' up those stairs I might be able ter get it down ter the dustbin for yer , " he said with a grimace . 
The Asian women were contacted through a social worker who knew of a member of a local group who spoke English and might be willing to act as an interpreter . 
We are not academic , we might not read The Origins of Family , Private Property and the State or this or that book , but you become a very active woman .
In the centre of some of the best preserves in the kingdom , surrounded by three great proprietors , each more careful and jealous than the other ; and to two of the three at least , Charles Hayter might get a special recommendation .
The idea of ` flooded classrooms " might be taken as the product of bureaucratic desperation . 
3 : 23 And I besought the LORD at that time , saying , 3 : 24 O Lord GOD , thou hast begun to shew thy servant thy greatness , and thy mighty hand : for what God is there in heaven or in earth , that can do according to thy works , and according to thy might ?
He was scathing about the notion that Indians might be pacified by political concession , observing of the Montagu-Chelmsford reforms that : ` If the Indians are capable of providing the directorate , they must surely be capable of providing the agents " . 
Some six handfuls were obtained ; but more was unavoidably lost in the sea , and still more , perhaps , might have been secured were it not for impatient Ahab ' s loud command to Stubb to desist , and come on board , else the ship would bid them good bye .
15 : 5 But ye say , Whosoever shall say to his father or his mother , It is a gift , by whatsoever thou mightest be profited by me ; 15 : 6 And honour not his father or his mother , he shall be free .
But it might .
From a distance they might look like jars of pickled quail 's eggs … . 
` But not quite so mercenary , and I find it exceedingly distasteful for you to arrogantly assume you might understand my sister a great deal better than I ever could . 
19 : 4 But he himself went a day ' s journey into the wilderness , and came and sat down under a juniper tree : and he requested for himself that he might die ; and said , It is enough ; now , O LORD , take away my life ; for I am not better than my fathers .
There seemed to be no use in waiting by the little door , so she went back to the table , half hoping she might find another key on it , or at any rate a book of rules for shutting people up like telescopes : this time she found a little bottle on it , (' which certainly was not here before ,' said Alice ,) and round the neck of the bottle was a paper label , with the words ' DRINK ME ' beautifully printed on it in large letters .
He , after Eve seduced , unminded slunk Into the wood fast by ; and , changing shape , To observe the sequel , saw his guileful act By Eve , though all unweeting , seconded Upon her husband ; saw their shame that sought Vain covertures ; but when he saw descend The Son of God to judge them , terrified He fled ; not hoping to escape , but shun The present ; fearing , guilty , what his wrath Might suddenly inflict ; that past , returned By night , and listening where the hapless pair Sat in their sad discourse , and various plaint , Thence gathered his own doom ; which understood Not instant , but of future time , with joy And tidings fraught , to Hell he now returned ; And at the brink of Chaos , near the foot Of this new wonderous pontifice , unhoped Met , who to meet him came , his offspring dear .
Work that might cost $500 to $750 in the South could cost $750 to $1,200 in New York City or Chicago .
One reason why the ability of the conditional cues to evoke such expectancies might facilitate learning comes from theories of animal working memory .
Where the boss 's response to a complaint might well be ` If you do n't like it you can always leave '' , then sticking with a job you do not like implies that you lack the motivation to go and find something more satisfactory , or that you are incapable of finding anything better .
" They would have solicited the honour earlier , but had been waiting the arrival of a folding - screen from London , which they hoped might keep Mr . Woodhouse from any draught of air , and therefore induce him the more readily to give them the honour of his company ."
" If we could hide somewhere the beasts might go by us ," he said .
If a patient has a bedsore and is incontinent the frequent changing of sheets and incontinence pads might be regarded as nursing . 
Are you so inviolable that no man might dare to venture near ? "
It says in Revelation 12:4 , ` The dragon stood in front of the woman who was about to give birth , so that he might devour her child the moment it was born . 
Arthur Williams's might well have been included , he felt .
It has ruled that such laws might work to stifle fund raising , which would amount to limiting the charities ' first-amendment right to freedom of expression .
So Yule and January passed , and the lord of Dalwolsey quite frequently caught himself wondering how he might contrive an excuse to pay another visit to the Doune of Menteith . 
Certainly her main reason for accepting the post had nothing to do with the actual work involved , but the hope that closer acquaintance with him might throw some light on Elise 's baffling death . 
Tantalisingly , at night , I might hear the plaintive hoot of a tawny owl somewhere in the trees , beyond my little world . 
And thinking the hap - hazard line would get loose , or the tooth it was tangled to might draw ( for I have a devil of a boat ' s crew for a pull on a whale - line ); seeing all this , I say , I jumped into my first mate ' s boat -- Mr . Mounttop ' s here ( by the way , Captain -- Mounttop ; Mounttop -- the captain );-- as I was saying , I jumped into Mounttop ' s boat , which , d ' ye see , was gunwale and gunwale with mine , then ; and snatching the first harpoon , let this old great - grandfather have it .
He would not speak another word to him , meet him where he might , for all the world !
He might not be aware of the inroads on domestic peace to be occasioned by no housekeeper ' s room , or a bad butler ' s pantry , but no doubt he did perfectly feel that Enscombe could not make him happy , and that whenever he were attached , he would willingly give up much of wealth to be allowed an early establishment .
He said : ` We would urge people to be aware and be alert with fireworks because your fun might be someone else 's tragedy . " 
If she had n't known for a fact that he liked nothing about her she might have mistaken that note in his voice for admiration . 
" I have never doubted that you were perfectly sincere in this sense , that you thought what you said well worth saying , that you thought a paradox might wake men up to a neglected truth ."
As a stanch party man and a rabid Democrat , he had little tolerance for Whigs like Pike , and Pike lost any immediate personal advantage his victory over Woodruff might have gained him .
It 'll be very loud and you might get frightened . " 
6 : 14 And the LORD looked upon him , and said , Go in this thy might , and thou shalt save Israel from the hand of the Midianites : have not I sent thee ?
However , the strong similarity of MHCK-C to MHCK -A and MHCK-B in the conserved catalytic domain and the carboxyl-terminal WD repeat domain suggested that it might represent a third myosin heavy chain kinase in this organism .
There was the dark-eyed , slant-featured look of the ancient lost Royal Houses of Ireland in several of them , the glossy hair that might easily have been fur in others . 
6 : 1 Now these are the commandments , the statutes , and the judgments , which the LORD your God commanded to teach you , that ye might do them in the land whither ye go to possess it : 6 : 2 That thou mightest fear the LORD thy God , to keep all his statutes and his commandments , which I command thee , thou , and thy son , and thy son ' s son , all the days of thy life ; and that thy days may be prolonged .
Two days before he was taken sick , Cousin Elec was out worrying about what too much rain might do to his sweetpeas , and Cousin Elec had always preserved in the top drawer of his secretary a mother-of-pearl paper knife which Theresa had coveted as a child and which he had promised she could have when he died .
no ," cried Frederick --" could , would , should , might , and ought , are all the same thing in the Latin grammar ; all of ' em signs of the potential mood , you know ."
I wish mamma would send me some more pocket - money , that I might do something for them .
The simplicity of our initial beliefs about how signs might be used to alleviate the plight of deaf pupils was quickly overwhelmed when we realised the extensiveness of sign language itself . 
I was afraid to look for fear the evil might still be going on .
6 : 56 And whithersoever he entered , into villages , or cities , or country , they laid the sick in the streets , and besought him that they might touch if it were but the border of his garment : and as many as touched him were made whole .
7 : 11 And all the angels stood round about the throne , and about the elders and the four beasts , and fell before the throne on their faces , and worshipped God , 7 : 12 Saying , Amen : Blessing , and glory , and wisdom , and thanksgiving , and honour , and power , and might , be unto our God for ever and ever .
` Parliament has deprived the courts of any power of detention of a person of this age or what many people might think was any effective punishment for that grave crime . "
However , a court might be prepared to accept ( for instance ) that it would be unreasonable for a manufacturer to exclude liability to a retailer who could not exclude liability vis-à-vis its customers . 
It is unfortunate that the CACs were seen as a political football and they provide an interesting indication of what might possibly happen were all legal services to be funded from local or central government .
Instead of using funds he held in trust , he took advantage of the Duke ' s carelessness to put the family in a financial hole , in which it might be necessary for the Duke to let him hold them in reality .
The idea that soldiers could pose as rebels and attack civilians might seem implausible in other countries , but the Indonesian army 's track record prompted immediate speculation that it was responsible .
You seem to have believed that he might have kidnapped someone and demanded ransom money ? " 
Here we have a possible explanation of why the Cro-Magnons might have exterminated the Neanderthals : the Neanderthals were very like them , and therefore constituted a threat . 
The resulting picture might appear a maze of restless confusions and contradictions , but it is more true to life than a portrait of an artificially contrived order .
A stupendous cinema epic , reduced to a sort of frantic scurrying in a goldfish bowl , might merely seem ridiculous . 
The day at Lyme , the fall from the Cobb , might influence her health , her nerves , her courage , her character to the end of her life , as thoroughly as it appeared to have influenced her fate .
And in doing so she has proved herself a mightier force than the Palace propaganda machine , which suggested that she might not attend because she was too old and frail to make the long journey to Crathie Church .
On very rare occasions the design might even give prominence to the individual moneyer , the man responsible for the coin 's manufacture . 
Some hippies still use hard drugs , and there is alarm that these might spread further into the community . 
With all that warm rain and the fog it might have been as simple as a loosened rock , a misstep .
The different target cells and the assay systems used might explain the discrepancy .
Ferguson 's promise was more praiseworthy than pondering how much Germany might have been holding in reserve . 
This is particularly important for the newly toilet-trained who might have a mishap if they are impeded !
Mr . Weston , always alert when business was to be done , and as incapable of procrastinating any evil that was inevitable , as of foreseeing any that was doubtful , said , " It was time to go ;" and the young man , though he might and did sigh , could not but agree , to take leave .
If you tell him I made a pass at you he might think you misunderstood something I said or did , so instead of just telling him I made a pass , say I tried to date you and that you agreed so you could prove to him what a louse I really am .
Furthermore , most migrants defined themselves as English speakers : it must be said that Jamaicans consider themselves speakers of English , and are offended when ignorant English people inquire what their mother tongue might be . 
Heidi Ehman might have stepped from a recruiting poster for young Republicans .
I asked him what might be his immediate purpose , touching his future movements .
During a very dull match one might hear chants such as ` Berinsfield Boys are Wankers " or ` Gosford Boys , we are here " ` Doo da " ` Doo da " . 
The comfort of such a friend at that moment as Colonel Brandon -- or such a companion for her mother ,-- how gratefully was it felt !-- a companion whose judgment would guide , whose attendance must relieve , and whose friendship might soothe her !-- as far as the shock of such a summons COULD be lessened to her , his presence , his manners , his assistance , would lessen it .
14 : 28 Now the rest of the acts of Jeroboam , and all that he did , and his might , how he warred , and how he recovered Damascus , and Hamath , which belonged to Judah , for Israel , are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel ?
Indeed it might be a more appropriate vehicle than NATO for the development of a parliamentary organ of the Atlantic nations , because it could encompass all of the members of the Atlantic community including those , like Sweden and Switzerland , who are unwilling to be associated with an essentially military alliance like Aj .
Mr. Stevens said British Air has n't received any new buy-out proposals from the labor-management group , led by UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf , and has n't received any indication of when one might be forthcoming .
When the twins learned to climb up the stairs , Carol was terrified they might have an accident . 
These findings indicate something of the importance of counselling in the health of older people , and this chapter outlines the way this might be achieved . 
Older children might prefer the pirate 's treasure chest brimming over with stolen loot , or the sophisticated speed cruiser and space rocket . 
The monk feared the girl might meet and fall in love with someone else there , he said .
As we might expect , partisanship was a major influence upon image ratings , and it became an increasingly powerful influence as the election approached .
But a top Russian intelligence chief declined Tuesday to predict when Dzhokhar Dudayev might be arrested .
The statistics might seem cold , but it 's impossib le to remain complacent after meeting someone like Katherine -- or a family who has been left homeless by an illegal eviction , a senior who lost his home to foreclosure from a crooked loan transaction , or a domestic violence victim unable to navigate the courts to get a restraining order .
They might have been cherubs flying home to the casements of a sort of celestial nursery .
As a member of the Student Athlete Advisory Committee and as a long-time varsity athlete , you might say I have particular stake in the proposal .
Such spectacular animals have obviously attracted much attention , and one might suppose that the problem of how they lived would have been satisfactorily solved long ago .
Elinor would not oppose his opinion , because , whatever might be her general estimation of the advantage of a public school , she could not think of Edward ' s abode in Mr . Pratt ' s family , with any satisfaction .
The statement issued by the Bank of Thailand followed a week in which the baht reached its lowest rates against the U.S. dollar in years because a major credit-rating agency might downgrade Thailand 's sovereign debt .
The distress of her sister too , particularly a favourite , was before her ;-- and as for their mother , when Mrs . Jennings considered that Marianne might probably be to HER what Charlotte was to herself , her sympathy in HER sufferings was very sincere .
To take her -- be it only an hour or two -- from her aunt , to give her change of air and scene , and quiet rational conversation , even for an hour or two , might do her good ; and the following morning she wrote again to say , in the most feeling language she could command , that she would call for her in the carriage at any hour that Jane would name -- mentioning that she had Mr . Perry ' s decided opinion , in favour of such exercise for his patient .
The durability of jade alone encouraged the idea that it might prolong life or at least , by protecting the body from decay after death , ensure the possibility of resurrection .
" Yes ," said Harriet earnestly , " and well she might , nobody could ever have a better .
Restless and dissatisfied every where , her sister could never obtain her opinion of any article of purchase , however it might equally concern them both : she received no pleasure from anything ; was only impatient to be at home again , and could with difficulty govern her vexation at the tediousness of Mrs . Palmer , whose eye was caught by every thing pretty , expensive , or new ; who was wild to buy all , could determine on none , and dawdled away her time in rapture and indecision .
Surrealists like Hans Arp and Max Ernst might talk of creation by hazard -- of composing pictures by walking on them with painted soles , or by tossing bits of paper up in the air .
A case can be fabricated around this chassis without too much difficulty ( or one might be bought ) .
Beatrice , which went private in an $ 8.2 billion leveraged buy-out in 1986 , said last month that it might borrow again to help pay investors as much as $ 983 million in preferred stock and debt securities .
The second might be found in greater numbers among the inhabitants of lodging houses in great cities . 
However small Elinor ' s general dependence on Lucy ' s veracity might be , it was impossible for her on serious reflection to suspect it in the present case , where no temptation could be answerable to the folly of inventing a falsehood of such a description .
This might be resolved with a written constitution and the formation of user committees ; but committee members sometimes fail to comprehend that they represent the whole user body and only put forward their own ideas .
He was the first commoner to stand up to the might of the king .
22 : 21 Then the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the half tribe of Manasseh answered , and said unto the heads of the thousands of Israel , 22 : 22 The LORD God of gods , the LORD God of gods , he knoweth , and Israel he shall know ; if it be in rebellion , or if in transgression against the LORD , ( save us not this day ,) 22 : 23 That we have built us an altar to turn from following the LORD , or if to offer thereon burnt offering or meat offering , or if to offer peace offerings thereon , let the LORD himself require it ; 22 : 24 And if we have not rather done it for fear of this thing , saying , In time to come your children might speak unto our children , saying , What have ye to do with the LORD God of Israel ?
6 : 10 That which hath been is named already , and it is known that it is man : neither may he contend with him that is mightier than he .
The youthful infatuation of nineteen would naturally blind him to every thing but her beauty and good nature ; but the four succeeding years -- years , which if rationally spent , give such improvement to the understanding , must have opened his eyes to her defects of education , while the same period of time , spent on her side in inferior society and more frivolous pursuits , had perhaps robbed her of that simplicity which might once have given an interesting character to her beauty .
He might have carried him round by the way of the Cape of Good Hope .
Vunibobo said the government might have to write off as much as U.S. dlrs 64 million .
It was the beneficent by-product of competition between companies , each trying to outdo its rivals in visible splendour and architectural might . 
But so little were they , anymore than the others , inclined to oblige her , that if Sir John dined from home , she might spend a whole day without hearing any other raillery on the subject , than what she was kind enough to bestow on herself .
The imposition of yet another pressure , a strong one , from the outside , might cause it to snap .
Crocodile , fish and dinosaur bones millions of years old might come to light when you use a crowbar to overturn a large rock left undisturbed by a lazy geologist .
But what might you think ?
It might have been several months .
When they had done work one day , Annie went to the master of the paper - mill and asked him if she might have two sheets of large white paper which were lying on the press .
Space does not permit citation of the examples which might give some idea of the useful quality of the book .
" Nothing ," said the older woman , " unless , unless -- it might be called a good deed ----" She looked at the younger woman , who smiled back at her .
All of the jobs in the mission might be equal in the eyes of the Lord , but they were certainly not equal in the eyes of the Lord's servants .
In addition the church might consider placing paid advertisements from time to time , highlighting forthcoming events which could be made especially attractive to the outsider . 
The morning came ; but no carriages were heard , though Paul and his sister had risen at five o ' clock , that they might be sure to be ready for early travellers .
Which now the sky , with various face , begins To show us in this mountain ; while the winds Blow moist and keen , shattering the graceful locks Of these fair spreading trees ; which bids us seek Some better shroud , some better warmth to cherish Our limbs benummed , ere this diurnal star Leave cold the night , how we his gathered beams Reflected may with matter sere foment ; Or , by collision of two bodies , grind The air attrite to fire ; as late the clouds Justling , or pushed with winds , rude in their shock , Tine the slant lightning ; whose thwart flame , driven down Kindles the gummy bark of fir or pine ; And sends a comfortable heat from far , Which might supply the sun : Such fire to use , And what may else be remedy or cure To evils which our own misdeeds have wrought , He will instruct us praying , and of grace Beseeching him ; so as we need not fear To pass commodiously this life , sustained By him with many comforts , till we end In dust , our final rest and native home .
It speculated that some 20,000 deaths might have come about during the forced evacuations from Moslem villages , and estimated that the Bosnian Serbs had already largely completed their plans for the creation of homogenous Serb-populated areas . 
1 : 13 Now I would not have you ignorant , brethren , that oftentimes I purposed to come unto you , ( but was let hitherto ,) that I might have some fruit among you also , even as among other Gentiles .
I think Emma might take after you .
Jane often tried to shock her mother into facing some of the world 's uglier problems , but Laura did not react in the way Jane might have expected . 
cried Emma , turning her glowing cheeks towards him ; for , while she spoke , it occurred to her that he might have called at Mrs . Goddard ' s in his way .
Suddenly he thought he might weep .
Developments in China , on the other hand , might just make a difference .
He stood perfectly still and listened with all his might .
1 : 15 Wherefore I also , after I heard of your faith in the Lord Jesus , and love unto all the saints , 1 : 16 Cease not to give thanks for you , making mention of you in my prayers ; 1 : 17 That the God of our Lord Jesus Christ , the Father of glory , may give unto you the spirit of wisdom and revelation in the knowledge of him : 1 : 18 The eyes of your understanding being enlightened ; that ye may know what is the hope of his calling , and what the riches of the glory of his inheritance in the saints , 1 : 19 And what is the exceeding greatness of his power to us - ward who believe , according to the working of his mighty power , 1 : 20 Which he wrought in Christ , when he raised him from the dead , and set him at his own right hand in the heavenly places , 1 : 21 Far above all principality , and power , and might , and dominion , and every name that is named , not only in this world , but also in that which is to come : 1 : 22 And hath put all things under his feet , and gave him to be the head over all things to the church , 1 : 23 Which is his body , the fulness of him that filleth all in all .
She had not advanced many yards from Mrs . Goddard ' s door , when she was met by Mr . Elton himself , evidently coming towards it , and as they walked on slowly together in conversation about the invalid -- of whom he , on the rumour of considerable illness , had been going to inquire , that he might carry some report of her to Hartfield -- they were overtaken by Mr . John Knightley returning from the daily visit to Donwell , with his two eldest boys , whose healthy , glowing faces shewed all the benefit of a country run , and seemed to ensure a quick despatch of the roast mutton and rice pudding they were hastening home for .
My job was to say a few words that might comfort both groups . 
But sin , that it might appear sin , working death in me by that which is good ; that sin by the commandment might become exceeding sinful .
but consider , if you can bear it , what might have happened if MacArthur , for some perverse , undaunted reason , had made the same remark to an Eskimo girl in Eskimo .
Oxfordshire , who have n't won a game in the history of the competition , faced the might of Lancashire , who 've won the trophy five times .
They were three days on their journey , and Marianne ' s behaviour as they travelled was a happy specimen of what future complaisance and companionableness to Mrs . Jennings might be expected to be .
The very want of such equality might prevent his perception of it ; but he must know that in fortune and consequence she was greatly his superior .
They said that if I had been a criminal , I might have made my fortune by looking so like an honest man ; but as I had the misfortune to be an honest man , there was not even the remotest chance of my assisting them by ever looking like a criminal .
1 : 15 And in this confidence I was minded to come unto you before , that ye might have a second benefit ; 1 : 16 And to pass by you into Macedonia , and to come again out of Macedonia unto you , and of you to be brought on my way toward Judaea .
A shrewd observer might have remarked that the emotional temperature rather rose at so unemotional an interruption .
Since attack serves to stimulate interest in broadcasts , I added to my opening statement a sentence in which I claimed that German youth seemed to lack the enthusiasm which is a necessary ingredient of anger , and might be classified as uninterested and bored rather than angry .
Satisfied that she was safely hidden from view , Benny began swiftly examining the drums for labels that might give her a clue as to what was in them . 
He mumbled at her but let himself be led off inside the house , shuffling mightily to make it clear how weak and aged he was and how he was buffeted about by those who still had their wicked strength .
We talk about why they might be there ; who they might belong to .
It might have been transported from the South of France , one of those lush semi-palaces I had only seen in photos . 
1 : 3 As I besought thee to abide still at Ephesus , when I went into Macedonia , that thou mightest charge some that they teach no other doctrine , 1 : 4 Neither give heed to fables and endless genealogies , which minister questions , rather than godly edifying which is in faith : so do .
That picture hanging over your fireplace might just be worth more than your whole house .
Not only should this provision be enforced but other economic and political actions might be taken which , this author believes , `` must surely be supported by every American who values the freedom that has been won for him and whose conscience is not so dominated by the lines in his account books that he can willingly and knowingly contribute to the enslavement of another nation '' .
But it must have been a temptation in poor working-class communities , where virginity in any case was not sacred , where the stigma against extra-marital sex was weak , and where a prostitute could earn in half an hour what a respectable girl might earn in a week . 
He recalls in his teens being summoned to Cherwell for dinner parties when a Cabinet minister might say to Lord Beaverbrook : ` What do you think of Germany ? "
In one large oversimplification , it might be said that the Belgians felt , far too late , the gale of nationalism sweeping Africa .
11 : 14 Then I cut asunder mine other staff , even Bands , that I might break the brotherhood between Judah and Israel .
4 : 41 These are they that were numbered of the families of the sons of Gershon , of all that might do service in the tabernacle of the congregation , whom Moses and Aaron did number according to the commandment of the LORD .
There are other reasons why babies might be susceptible , and there are a list of things that you may well know about from babies you 're looking after . 
And even if they stay in resorts part of the time , they might , if the right salesman gets them in tow , develop a yearning to spice the usual vacation fare with a camping trip into the wide open spaces .
The prevailing official attitude then seemed to be that fallout , if not exactly good for you , might not be much worse than a bad cold .
Like a savage tigress that tossing in the jungle overlays her own cubs , so the sea dashes even the mightiest whales against the rocks , and leaves them there side by side with the split wrecks of ships .
He certainly might have heard Mr . Elton speak with more unreserve than she had ever done , and Mr . Elton might not be of an imprudent , inconsiderate disposition as to money matters ; he might naturally be rather attentive than otherwise to them ; but then , Mr . Knightley did not make due allowance for the influence of a strong passion at war with all interested motives .
24 : 7 For her blood is in the midst of her ; she set it upon the top of a rock ; she poured it not upon the ground , to cover it with dust ; 24 : 8 That it might cause fury to come up to take vengeance ; I have set her blood upon the top of a rock , that it should not be covered .
21 : 4 All this was done , that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophet , saying , 21 : 5 Tell ye the daughter of Sion , Behold , thy King cometh unto thee , meek , and sitting upon an ass , and a colt the foal of an ass .
Chapter 2 discusses in some detail the implications of the SEA for EC integration , and the potential aggregate economic benefits that might accrue . 
And although the universe may forever defy understanding , it might even now be finding its match in the imagination of man .
In the meantime , we might be thinking on the problem all these dead beasts represent .
How that visit was to be acknowledged -- what would be necessary -- and what might be safest , had been a point of some doubtful consideration .
My hon. Friend might be interested to know that we sent out a questionnaire to 5,293 people who volunteered for redundancy and 76 per cent .
He was just about to resume his trudge in the twilight , telling himself it was no affair of his , but instinctively twisting and untwisting twenty theories about what the odd noises might mean .
One of the few hints the excess heat might be produced by fusion came from brief remarks by chemist John Bockris of Texas A&M University .
He used a tiff with France as an excuse for military preparations he might need in the east . 
9 : 13 As it is written in the law of Moses , all this evil is come upon us : yet made we not our prayer before the LORD our God , that we might turn from our iniquities , and understand thy truth .
She slapped her knees as an old man might , tipped up the brim of her hat and laughed a long chuckling laugh . 
I can imagine , that before she had seen any body superior , she might tolerate him .
Knightley .-- Neither would she regret that he should be going to Brunswick Square , for she knew how much his visit would be enjoyed -- but it might have happened at a better time -- and to have had longer notice of it , would have been pleasanter .-- They parted thorough friends , however ; she could not be deceived as to the meaning of his countenance , and his unfinished gallantry ;-- it was all done to assure her that she had fully recovered his good opinion .-- He had been sitting with them half an hour , she found .
1 : 18 And he is the head of the body , the church : who is the beginning , the firstborn from the dead ; that in all things he might have the preeminence .
This prospect did not please Mrs. King any more than did the possibility that her daughter might marry a Bohemian , but she used it to suggest to Thompson that , `` It is not in her nature to love you '' .
The dog might not respond readily to their commands , and may simply head off into the distance , possibly looking for you if the territory is familiar . 
might I here In solitude live savage ; in some glade Obscured , where highest woods , impenetrable To star or sun - light , spread their umbrage broad And brown as evening : Cover me , ye Pines !
If at least some people and states obey some laws for other reasons , such as moral conviction or non-coerced self-interest , then it is possible that all persons and states might do so . 
While other conditions might be even more effective in bringing about a change from immobility to mobility in Kohnstamm reactivity , it is our hypothesis that all such conditions would have as a common factor the capacity to induce an attitude in the subject which enabled him to divorce himself temporarily from feelings of responsibility for his behavior .
At night , however , he slept alone , and the avenger might find him .
This might be useful for the psychiatric inpatient who cuts repeatedly , although the limits of therapist-patient contact would have to be very clear . 
All gather and all harvest , Yet but for thee O Powerful , not a scythe might swing as now in security , Not a maize - stalk dangle as now its silken tassels in peace .
These were very cheering thoughts ; and the sight of a great deal of snow on the ground did her further service , for any thing was welcome that might justify their all three being quite asunder at present .
Whether he ever thought of it at all , might be a question ; but , if he ever did chance to cast his mind that way after a comfortable dinner , no doubt , like a good sailor , he took it to be a sort of call of the watch to tumble aloft , and bestir themselves there , about something which he would find out when he obeyed the order , and not sooner .
11 : 15 And truly , if they had been mindful of that country from whence they came out , they might have had opportunity to have returned .
NEW YORK --- With all the excitement over investing in China , one of the biggest infrastructure projects since the Great Wall might be expected to generate great enthusiasm .
` This might be a lot more tricky than I had first supposed . 
Cumberland Vane seemed half hypnotized with the silence and automatic movements of the stranger ; he made a movement with his head which might have been either " yes " or " no ".
He was walking with his face turned up to it in that rather half - witted fashion which might have excused the error of his keepers ; and as he gazed he became aware of something little and lustrous flying close to the lustrous orb , like a bright chip knocked off the moon .
25 : 30 Therefore prophesy thou against them all these words , and say unto them , The LORD shall roar from on high , and utter his voice from his holy habitation ; he shall mightily roar upon his habitation ; he shall give a shout , as they that tread the grapes , against all the inhabitants of the earth .
" If I get ever so little ," he still said to himself , " it will be SOMETHING ; and who knows but landlord might then wait a bit longer ?
Here the sword had lain , and here the grail and the lance might one day be dreamed of and lifted . 
6 : 17 Wherein God , willing more abundantly to shew unto the heirs of promise the immutability of his counsel , confirmed it by an oath : 6 : 18 That by two immutable things , in which it was impossible for God to lie , we might have a strong consolation , who have fled for refuge to lay hold upon the hope set before us : 6 : 19 Which hope we have as an anchor of the soul , both sure and stedfast , and which entereth into that within the veil ; 6 : 20 Whither the forerunner is for us entered , even Jesus , made an high priest for ever after the order of Melchisedec .
And he was really a very pleasing young man , a young man whom any woman not fastidious might like .
Now , as he watched him limping and staggering up the slope , it occurred to hint that he might actually be wounded in some way . 
Marianne entered the house with a heart swelling with emotion from the consciousness of being only eighty miles from Barton , and not thirty from Combe Magna ; and before she had been five minutes within its walls , while the others were busily helping Charlotte to show her child to the housekeeper , she quitted it again , stealing away through the winding shrubberies , now just beginning to be in beauty , to gain a distant eminence ; where , from its Grecian temple , her eye , wandering over a wide tract of country to the south - east , could fondly rest on the farthest ridge of hills in the horizon , and fancy that from their summits Combe Magna might be seen .
Marianne would not let her proceed ;-- and Elinor , satisfied that each felt their own error , wished to avoid any survey of the past that might weaken her sister ' s spirits ; she , therefore , pursuing the first subject , immediately continued ,
This might have implications for the many companies which import computers made outside the European Community especially the " clone " importers who affix their own name to the equipment . 
4 : 8 We are troubled on every side , yet not distressed ; we are perplexed , but not in despair ; 4 : 9 Persecuted , but not forsaken ; cast down , but not destroyed ; 4 : 10 Always bearing about in the body the dying of the Lord Jesus , that the life also of Jesus might be made manifest in our body .
49 : 34 The word of the LORD that came to Jeremiah the prophet against Elam in the beginning of the reign of Zedekiah king of Judah , saying , 49 : 35 Thus saith the LORD of hosts ; Behold , I will break the bow of Elam , the chief of their might .
The terms are fairly safe to use on this side of the ocean , but before you start spouting them to your date , it might be best to find out if he was a member of Major Pockmanster's Delhi Regiment , since resentment toward the natives was reportedly very high in that outfit .
I thank Mr Reckord for now admitting that he might have been insensitive in his remarks . 
Grassley - in - the - Hole was a rude parallelogram of buildings , with two thoroughfares which might have been called two high streets if it had been possible to call them streets .
In addition , secondary prevention could also be applied to the alleviation of social and psychological difficulties which might lead to attempts . 
All that sounded extravagant or irrational in the progress of the reconciliation might have no origin but in the language of the relators .
Less robust persons might need a siesta .
There might have been a pool of cool water behind any of these tree-clumps : only -- there was not .
` One hint , do n't be so coy with the men you deal with , they might misconstrue your intentions and try to take advantage of you . " 
If she did n't go on -- and quickly -- the van carrying the Brownies to their Pack holiday might crash dangerously into the low bridge . 
Fearful of inviting a military showdown with the West which they could not win , the Communists seek to undermine Western power where the nuclear might of the West is irrelevant -- in backwoods guerrilla skirmishes , in mob uprisings in the streets , in parliaments , in clandestine meetings of undercover conspirators , at the United Nations , on the propaganda front , at diplomatic conferences -- preferably at the highest level .
` Our research is into prevention , " he said , rather than the simulation of what might happen in an accident .
Mr . Perry might have reason to regret the alteration , but nobody else could ."
2 : 20 Daniel answered and said , Blessed be the name of God for ever and ever : for wisdom and might are his : 2 : 21 And he changeth the times and the seasons : he removeth kings , and setteth up kings : he giveth wisdom unto the wise , and knowledge to them that know understanding : 2 : 22 He revealeth the deep and secret things : he knoweth what is in the darkness , and the light dwelleth with him .
Although plants were being collected throughout this country and many were beginning to arrive from overseas , as yet the Apothecaries had no place where they might cultivate and study them scientifically . 
But the voice of God To mortal ear is dreadful : They beseech That Moses might report to them his will , And terrour cease ; he grants what they besought , Instructed that to God is no access Without Mediator , whose high office now Moses in figure bears ; to introduce One greater , of whose day he shall foretel , And all the Prophets in their age the times Of great Messiah shall sing .
Mr. Noriega might have fallen of his own weight in 1988 because of Panama 's dire economic situation , says Mr. Moss , but increasing external pressure has only given him additional excuses for repression , and a scapegoat for his own mismanagement .
On the impulse of the moment I warned her brother that she might be in peril ; I said nothing of its nature , for I did not know .
It is just curious that what one might assume to be a fairly obvious coinage can not be documented to an earlier date .
The servants we might corrupt ; but even the old proverb of ' Angle with a silver hook ,' * won ' t hold good with him ."
She was nervous that he might change his mind at the last minute , but he did not do so . 
What other marvels might have been rummaged out of this monstrous cabinet there is no telling .
13 : 8 Now the rest of the acts of Jehoahaz , and all that he did , and his might , are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel ?
" One would rather have a stranger preferred than one ' s very particular friend -- with a stranger it might not recur again -- but the misery of having a very particular friend always at hand , to do every thing better than one does oneself !-- Poor Mrs . Dixon !
Said by a husband to a wife in the middle of the night it might function as an expression of worry . 
2 : 22 But when he heard that Archelaus did reign in Judaea in the room of his father Herod , he was afraid to go thither : notwithstanding , being warned of God in a dream , he turned aside into the parts of Galilee : 2 : 23 And he came and dwelt in a city called Nazareth : that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophets , He shall be called a Nazarene .
" Well , sir ," said the sergeant in command , with that sort of heavy civility shown only to the evidently guilty , " seems to me we might ask what are you doing here ?"
I do not intend to give the precise wording of a regression session on these pages because some readers might try to use it in the wrong way . 
It is very important indeed , in the field of extra-sensory perception and its relation to the survival hypothesis , to know whether the statements are actually only those which any intuitive person might venture and an eager sitter attach to himself .
To him therefore the succession to the Norland estate was not so really important as to his sisters ; for their fortune , independent of what might arise to them from their father ' s inheriting that property , could be but small .
He refused to give details of the type , quantity and condition of the explosive or identify the ` terrorist paraphernalia " , although it is possible this might include timing devices or detonators .
You might think that combining all these things into one aircraft could lead to so many compromises that the result would be little short of disaster . 
And when he would hear Tashtego singing out for him to produce himself , that his bones might be picked , the simple - witted steward all but shattered the crockery hanging round him in the pantry , by his sudden fits of the palsy .
He might have bullied her mother into submission , but those tactics were n't going to work on her any more . 
A wilderness in which an eagle could stretch his wings over ground that red deer , wild cat and blue mountain hare might roam . 
Johnson then insisted on descending to the shore and boating into the basin itself , which was entered by means of vigorous rowing to the very entrance , then , oars shipped , by Gliding the rest of the way , as the extended oars would not squeeze through the opening -- although they might today , after two centuries of further erosion . 
Members might like to note that Crich is a front runner for next summer 's trip . 
10 : 2 And all the acts of his power and of his might , and the declaration of the greatness of Mordecai , whereunto the king advanced him , are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Media and Persia ?
In language that was strikingly reminiscent of the Khmers Rouges , a CPP official predicted that popular anger at the conduct of the election might lead to ` insurrection or riot " . 
The consequence of which was , that Mrs . John Dashwood was obliged to submit not only to the exceedingly great inconvenience of sending her carriage for the Miss Dashwoods , but , what was still worse , must be subject to all the unpleasantness of appearing to treat them with attention : and who could tell that they might not expect to go out with her a second time ?
Mars has been observed twice at about 3-cm wave length , and the intensity of the observed radiation is in reasonable agreement with the thermal radiation which might be predicted on the basis of the known temperature of Mars .
He might as well know about the gods of Mesopotamia as not ; so he flattened his long , lean face against the dim bleak pane of the window and read all there was to read about Mesopotamian gods .
She was , moreover , perpetually hearing about him ; for , excepting when at Hartfield , she was always among those who saw no fault in Mr . Elton , and found nothing so interesting as the discussion of his concerns ; and every report , therefore , every guess -- all that had already occurred , all that might occur in the arrangement of his affairs , comprehending income , servants , and furniture , was continually in agitation around her .
If she looked as though she knew what she was doing , she might just be able to bluff her way through .
More recently , the chairman of the Atomic Energy Commission , Dr. Glenn T. Seaborg , `` admitted '' to a news conference in Las Vegas , Nevada , that the US might fall behind Russia ( he apparently meant in weapons development ) if the Soviets continue to test in the atmosphere while we abstain .
This pronouncement on social policy upheld the institution of private property , but acknowledged that limitations might rightly be laid upon its rights so as to protect the poor and weak . 
The mist also shrouded the fish and we thrashed away mightily , to no avail .
Bill might lean down and poke the crumbling framework . 
40 : 26 Lift up your eyes on high , and behold who hath created these things , that bringeth out their host by number : he calleth them all by names by the greatness of his might , for that he is strong in power ; not one faileth .
Mrs McDougall had promised to have milk and bread for me , and there might possibly be mail , brought over by the morning 's ferry .
Costly experiments on the teeth of live dogs or primates , not to mention the public disquiet about such animal testing , might be avoided and delays reduced . 
He might be able to join them in the evening , but certainly not to dinner .
You might easily dent it with your thumb ; it is of a hue between yellow and ash colour .
We might kid ourselves that life is perfectly OK as it is , so why risk trying something new ? 
It also quoted European Union Trade Commissioner Pascal Lamy saying that the Seattle meeting might fail to launch a new trade round .
Not only can employers ask , they can require it ; and if you refuse more than once to do something your employer has asked just because nobody put it in your job description , you might even be denied unemployment benefits when they fire you .
Since he couldn't sleep anyway , he might as well stand their watches for them or write their reports .
Emilia Frere passed three nights in the bedroom at the Hall before Tom Horrocks professed himself satisfied that all danger was passed and she might return to the Rectory . 
Now Emma could , indeed , enjoy Mr . Knightley ' s visits ; now she could talk , and she could listen with true happiness , unchecked by that sense of injustice , of guilt , of something most painful , which had haunted her when remembering how disappointed a heart was near her , how much might at that moment , and at a little distance , be enduring by the feelings which she had led astray herself .
I wanted , you see , to get him out of my way , that I might have the field clear for electioneering to - day .
Investors were concerned that they might be unable to exercise options that expire tomorrow .
At a meeting in Geneva on Saturday of senior U.N. civilian and military officials , Secretary-General Boutros Boutros-Ghali said a withdrawal from Bosnia might become necessary .
The experts are thus forced to hypothesize sequences of events that have never occurred , probably never will -- but possibly might .
It was well to have a comfort in store on Harriet ' s behalf , though it might be wise to let the fancy touch it seldom ; for evil in that quarter was at hand .
Reporting from Tripoli , Libya â€� Moammar Kadafi 's whereabouts remained a mystery Wednesday , a day after reports of a southbound desert convoy raised suspicion that the deposed Libyan leader might be seeking sanctuary in sub-Saharan Africa .
4 : 3 Even so we , when we were children , were in bondage under the elements of the world : 4 : 4 But when the fulness of the time was come , God sent forth his Son , made of a woman , made under the law , 4 : 5 To redeem them that were under the law , that we might receive the adoption of sons .
that such resemblance of the Highest Should yet remain , where faith and realty Remain not : Wherefore should not strength and might There fail where virtue fails , or weakest prove Where boldest , though to fight unconquerable ?
8 : 14 Now when the apostles which were at Jerusalem heard that Samaria had received the word of God , they sent unto them Peter and John : 8 : 15 Who , when they were come down , prayed for them , that they might receive the Holy Ghost : 8 : 16 ( For as yet he was fallen upon none of them : only they were baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus .)
For the second we might have to choose the volume of reactor or amount of cooling to be supplied ; ;
One might also wonder if monkeys are capable of developing bronchiolitis as we know it in man or the horse .
Though amid all the smoking horror and diabolism of a sea - fight , sharks will be seen longingly gazing up to the ship ' s decks , like hungry dogs round a table where red meat is being carved , ready to bolt down every killed man that is tossed to them ; and though , while the valiant butchers over the deck - table are thus cannibally carving each other ' s live meat with carving - knives all gilded and tasselled , the sharks , also , with their jewel - hilted mouths , are quarrelsomely carving away under the table at the dead meat ; and though , were you to turn the whole affair upside down , it would still be pretty much the same thing , that is to say , a shocking sharkish business enough for all parties ; and though sharks also are the invariable outriders of all slave ships crossing the Atlantic , systematically trotting alongside , to be handy in case a parcel is to be carried anywhere , or a dead slave to be decently buried ; and though one or two other like instances might be set down , touching the set terms , places , and occasions , when sharks do most socially congregate , and most hilariously feast ; yet is there no conceivable time or occasion when you will find them in such countless numbers , and in gayer or more jovial spirits , than around a dead sperm whale , moored by night to a whaleship at sea .
4 : 6 For for this cause was the gospel preached also to them that are dead , that they might be judged according to men in the flesh , but live according to God in the spirit .
As we sat down to the first of many repetitive meals of salted fish and ground corn , I broached the question of finding a prahu which might carry us as far as Aru . 
IBM might not like the idea , but the exit-consultancy idea was actually pioneered about a decade ago by NatWest , and Rank-Xerox had it 's own form of in-house/out-house consultancy . 
I think you might almost join us ."
An earlier difficulty was overcome by making it clear that individual libraries in any area might join or not , as they saw fit .
But I might have known ! !
Inman and Kubota observed patients with chest tightness and suggested that asthma might be induced by sumatriptan .
When I accepted he suggested I might like to give him a certain sum to help the wine flow . 
11 : 13 For I speak to you Gentiles , inasmuch as I am the apostle of the Gentiles , I magnify mine office : 11 : 14 If by any means I may provoke to emulation them which are my flesh , and might save some of them .
They testified last summer that it was an emergency and that they were concerned that there might be victims inside .
One might pretend never to have seen one before , or , to more purpose , that there would never be another like it .
" By the way ," said Father Brown , " might it not be as well to untie Mr Todhunter ?"
The polymer treatment might be used straight away as a daily mouthwash for mentally handicapped people to stop plaque sticking to teeth .
Unspeakable tortures or even execution might well be their fate .
What he might say on the subject a twelvemonth after , must be referred to the imagination of husbands and wives .
The sun Had first his precept so to move , so shine , As might affect the earth with cold and heat Scarce tolerable ; and from the north to call Decrepit winter ; from the south to bring Solstitial summer ' s heat .
27 : 15 For I have not sent them , saith the LORD , yet they prophesy a lie in my name ; that I might drive you out , and that ye might perish , ye , and the prophets that prophesy unto you .
" There now ' s the old Mogul ," soliloquized Stubb by the try - works , " he ' s been twigging it ; and there goes Starbuck from the same , and both with faces which I should say might be somewhere within nine fathoms long .
There were plenty of promises of big money , fame , glamour , fast cars and all the trappings that any actor might lust towards . 
She might secretly find this tall , elegant man extremely disturbing , but she was n't prepared to let him guess that fact . 
But that has been the key to Compaq 's success , he adds , whereas Dell carved out its market niche as a direct seller of low-cost but reliable computers -- and it might be too late in the game for a shift in strategy .
She made no effort to turn over , although she thought about it , imagined how it might be to lean on one elbow , to twist her body in a single movement . 
It was a little fever of admiration ; but it might , probably must , end in love with some .
One set might recommend their all removing to Donwell , and leaving Hartfield for the John Knightleys ; and another might predict disagreements among their servants ; but yet , upon the whole , there was no serious objection raised , except in one habitation , the Vicarage .-- There , the surprize was not softened by any satisfaction .
Why was she worrying so much about what the fuddy-duddy Dr Grant might think of her appearance anyway , when what mattered surely were her professional capabilities , and certainly she had no doubts about those .
To him who has , it might not be so easy to burst forth at once into perfect independence , and set all their claims on his gratitude and regard at nought .
Yet why not some other Power As great might have aspired , and me , though mean , Drawn to his part ; but other Powers as great Fell not , but stand unshaken , from within Or from without , to all temptations armed .
The small talk might gently probe for some common experiences . 
A publisher or distributor may very well be unaware of the contents of what he is circulating , although he might be thought to have some obligation to ascertain what is contained in what he is peddling . 
“ This shows that my family owned the land , ” she said with a simplicity that might have left even a lawyer silent .
Mrs . Dashwood , who did not chuse to dine with them oftener than they dined at the cottage , absolutely refused on her own account ; her daughters might do as they pleased .
6 : 28 Then said they unto him , What shall we do , that we might work the works of God ?
2 : 4 And ye shall know that I have sent this commandment unto you , that my covenant might be with Levi , saith the LORD of hosts .
Mrs Clay had freckles , and a projecting tooth , and a clumsy wrist , which he was continually making severe remarks upon , in her absence ; but she was young , and certainly altogether well - looking , and possessed , in an acute mind and assiduous pleasing manners , infinitely more dangerous attractions than any merely personal might have been .
Then , here come all my attempts at three of those four children ;-- there they are , Henry and John and Bella , from one end of the sheet to the other , and any one of them might do for any one of the rest .
They reneged -- prompting the Serbs to do so too -- when Bill Clinton hinted they might get help from America .
But in the cautious comprehensiveness and unloitering vigilance with which Ahab threw his brooding soul into this unfaltering hunt , he would not permit himself to rest all his hopes upon the one crowning fact above mentioned , however flattering it might be to those hopes ; nor in the sleeplessness of his vow could he so tranquillize his unquiet heart as to postpone all intervening quest .
But the health watchdogs have countered that one person can not be expected to be on call all the time , and that person might also not be available . 
1 : 9 For God is my witness , whom I serve with my spirit in the gospel of his Son , that without ceasing I make mention of you always in my prayers ; 1 : 10 Making request , if by any means now at length I might have a prosperous journey by the will of God to come unto you .
16 : 6 And Delilah said to Samson , Tell me , I pray thee , wherein thy great strength lieth , and wherewith thou mightest be bound to afflict thee .
3 : 4 Though I might also have confidence in the flesh .
11 : 35 Women received their dead raised to life again : and others were tortured , not accepting deliverance ; that they might obtain a better resurrection : 11 : 36 And others had trial of cruel mockings and scourgings , yea , moreover of bonds and imprisonment : 11 : 37 They were stoned , they were sawn asunder , were tempted , were slain with the sword : they wandered about in sheepskins and goatskins ; being destitute , afflicted , tormented ; 11 : 38 ( Of whom the world was not worthy :) they wandered in deserts , and in mountains , and in dens and caves of the earth .
With uncertainty still hanging over interest rates and the dollar , the market failed to find a focus that might lead to further investor commitments , they said .
Perish the thought that we might take time to hear ourselves think .
Of course , that explanation works only if I care about the other bidders ' opinions -- say , because I think they know more than I do or because I 'm trying to predict what kind of resale market I might face someday .
Noting that the Indonesian military is `` very suspicious '' about Australia 's motivation in East Timor ( believing it may have as much to do with Prime Minister John Howard 's popularity at home as with humanitarian concerns ) , Jemadu asked , `` Does Australia have a strategic agenda which might strengthen its bargaining position vis-a-vis its closest northern neighbor ?
Yet a disgruntled secretary , or one left unemployed by dismissal or the death or recall of his master , might easily be tempted to profit by the information he had acquired in his work . 
` The colours set off your hair far better than more obvious ones might . " 
" They would look around them , no doubt , and bless their good fortune ," said Mrs Clay , for Mrs Clay was present : her father had driven her over , nothing being of so much use to Mrs Clay ' s health as a drive to Kellynch : " but I quite agree with my father in thinking a sailor might be a very desirable tenant .
But what I mean is , that I hope there is nothing in Captain Wentworth ' s manner of writing to make you suppose he thinks himself ill - used by his friend , which might appear , you know , without its being absolutely said .
You might feel more secure on a hired platform tower .
16 : 13 And Delilah said unto Samson , Hitherto thou hast mocked me , and told me lies : tell me wherewith thou mightest be bound .
The colonel grunted , then made a remark which might be construed in either of two ways .
Holding by a shroud , Starbuck was standing on the quarter - deck ; at every flash of the lightning glancing aloft , to see what additional disaster might have befallen the intricate hamper there ; while Stubb and Flask were directing the men in the higher hoisting and firmer lashing of the boats .
Yesterday , the city demolished two dwellings in the district because of severe structural damage and said as many as 19 of the district 's 350 dwellings might have to be razed .
9 : 2 Oh that I had in the wilderness a lodging place of wayfaring men ; that I might leave my people , and go from them !
One might well ask why the violinist Felice Giardini should have wished to take on this administrative burden , celebrated as he was as one of the principal virtuosos in London 's concert life . 
1 : 18 This charge I commit unto thee , son Timothy , according to the prophecies which went before on thee , that thou by them mightest war a good warfare ; 1 : 19 Holding faith , and a good conscience ; which some having put away concerning faith have made shipwreck : 1 : 20 Of whom is Hymenaeus and Alexander ; whom I have delivered unto Satan , that they may learn not to blaspheme .
I say this continual smoking must have been one cause , at least , of his peculiar disposition ; for every one knows that this earthly air , whether ashore or afloat , is terribly infected with the nameless miseries of the numberless mortals who have died exhaling it ; and as in time of the cholera , some people go about with a camphorated handkerchief to their mouths ; so , likewise , against all mortal tribulations , Stubb ' s tobacco smoke might have operated as a sort of disinfecting agent .
How she might have felt had there been no Captain Wentworth in the case , was not worth enquiry ; for there was a Captain Wentworth ; and be the conclusion of the present suspense good or bad , her affection would be his for ever .
It was a much safer place for a gentleman in his predicament : he might there be important at comparatively little expense .
The other Shape -- If shape it might be called that shape had none Distinguishable in member , joint , or limb ; Or substance might be called that shadow seemed , For each seemed either -- black it stood as Night , Fierce as ten Furies , terrible as Hell , And shook a dreadful dart : what seemed his head The likeness of a kingly crown had on .
His uncle , who was desirous to see his nephews act without restraint , that he might judge their characters , bid them do as they pleased .
Even if you are not prepared to reject this form for professional accountability , as Sockett does , you might feel that simply holding the teacher responsible for the results contravenes natural justice . 
So do please tell me , just what marvellous things might I learn from observing your father ? " 
The problem with this type of promotion is that it undermines any sensible perception which purchasers of children 's books might have of what constitutes value for money . 
Considering Maurice's wife was an exceptionally plain woman, there were a good many ripostes Charlie could have made , ripostes which might have been transparently insulting. 
Absence might have weakened his regard , and convenience might have determined him to overcome it , but that such a regard had formerly existed she could not bring herself to doubt .
4 : 30 The king spake , and said , Is not this great Babylon , that I have built for the house of the kingdom by the might of my power , and for the honour of my majesty ?
It would be as extravagant in us to expect that all our faults could be destroyed by one punishment , were it ever so severe , as it was in the Roman emperor we were reading of a few days ago , to wish that all the heads of his enemies were upon one neck , that he might cut them off at one blow ."
It was when ` the Spirit of the Lord came mightily upon him " that ` he tore a lion asunder as one tears a kid " ( Judg. 14:6 ) . 
She had too old a regard for him to be so wholly estranged as might in two meetings extinguish every past hope , and leave him nothing to do but to keep away from Uppercross : but there was such a change as became very alarming , when such a man as Captain Wentworth was to be regarded as the probable cause .
Come , go we to the King , This must be knowne , being kept close might moue More greefe to hide , then hate to vtter loue .
Likewise , we might be disturbed if the social class distribution in the sample turned out to be very unlike the overall pattern .
The adverse consequences to the health of men in their seventh , eighth , and ninth decades could thus be considerable and might well counterbalance the small benefit of screening in terms of reduced deaths . 
Christine was a little dubious about Judith using brown eyeshadow , worrying that her eyes might end up looking bloodshot , but she was delighted by the result . 
Visits of inspectors and college tutors might well be occasions for staff discussions on new plans and projects . 
“ He might have thrown it over the cliff . ” 
Cornered , he resorted to patting her on the shoulder , while across his face flitted the craven smile of a man dealing with an unpredictable pet that yet might turn on him . 
With all her might she crowds all sail off shore ; in so doing , fights ' gainst the very winds that fain would blow her homeward ; seeks all the lashed sea ' s landlessness again ; for refuge ' s sake forlornly rushing into peril ; her only friend her bitterest foe !
" I know that you all love her really too well to be unjust or unkind ; but excuse me , Mr . Knightley , if I take the liberty ( I consider myself , you know , as having somewhat of the privilege of speech that Emma ' s mother might have had ) the liberty of hinting that I do not think any possible good can arise from Harriet Smith ' s intimacy being made a matter of much discussion among you .
His temper might perhaps be a little soured by finding , like many others of his sex , that through some unaccountable bias in favour of beauty , he was the husband of a very silly woman ,-- but she knew that this kind of blunder was too common for any sensible man to be lastingly hurt by it .-- It was rather a wish of distinction , she believed , which produced his contemptuous treatment of every body , and his general abuse of every thing before him .
If so , it might be worth while to assign a future jazz show to a different department -- one with enough confidence in the musical material to cut down on the number of performers and give them a little room to display their talents .
She suspected it might be marginally quicker . 
We designated one day a week as the time when neighborhood teen-agers might swim at definite hours .
`` For someone who has everything else -- Reggie 's jersey , cap and cards -- his checks might be a nice addition , '' says William Vizas , owner of Bill 's Sports Collectibles in Denver , who examined the checks at the San Francisco card show .
Dalroy had come down , it seemed , to snuff up the scent of a scandal which might very well end in the Divorce Court , but which was at present hovering between Grey Cottage and Pendragon Park .
Long after he had returned to sanity and such hopeless cheerfulness as a man might have on a desert island , he disliked the regular squares of the pattern of wall and floor and the triangle that terminated his corridor .
She paused over it for some time with indignant astonishment ; then read it again and again ; but every perusal only served to increase her abhorrence of the man , and so bitter were her feelings against him , that she dared not trust herself to speak , lest she might wound Marianne still deeper by treating their disengagement , not as a loss to her of any possible good but as an escape from the worst and most irremediable of all evils , a connection , for life , with an unprincipled man , as a deliverance the most real , a blessing the most important .
The loss of the ball -- the loss of the young man -- and all that the young man might be feeling !-- It was too wretched !-- Such a delightful evening as it would have been !-- Every body so happy !
Now if they could just do the same to the beers themselves , and improve the taste , more people might be inclined to drink them . 
The effect of his discourse on the lady too , could not escape her observation , for though she was too honorable to listen , and had even changed her seat , on purpose that she might NOT hear , to one close by the piano forte on which Marianne was playing , she could not keep herself from seeing that Elinor changed colour , attended with agitation , and was too intent on what he said to pursue her employment .-- Still farther in confirmation of her hopes , in the interval of Marianne ' s turning from one lesson to another , some words of the Colonel ' s inevitably reached her ear , in which he seemed to be apologising for the badness of his house .
Gaea was , ultimately , the source of all life ; hence the ancient custom of placing a newborn child on the ground , that it might draw from her strength . 
In practice , moreover , treatments for such patients tend to be chosen empirically and worked through on a trial and error basis , whatever might be thought to be the underlying pathophysiology .
The older generation has been torn between a fear of tampering with the status quo and a fear of what might happen if they did n't .
At Yokosuka he was restricted to the confines of the Base because Walt Perry , being thoughtful , knew that Doc might have to draw some medical supplies from the hospital or the Supply Base .
An attempted middle course might lead to devices like a 5000-word alphabetized dictionary from which every fiftieth word was selected .
Alice began to feel very uneasy : to be sure , she had not as yet had any dispute with the Queen , but she knew that it might happen any minute , ' and then ,' thought she , ' what would become of me ?
He was standing by himself at a printshop window , with his hands behind him , in earnest contemplation of some print , and she not only might have passed him unseen , but was obliged to touch as well as address him before she could catch his notice .
Each might find a useful place in a varied musical program , but taken together they grew quite tiresome .
So pre-programmed did their behaviours seem , that they themselves might have been the subjects of some meta-experiment and the pallor of their laboratory coats a function of their caged confinement . 
And some analysts have forecast that the airline might even go into the red for the first time since it was listed .
A submissive spirit might be patient , a strong understanding would supply resolution , but here was something more ; here was that elasticity of mind , that disposition to be comforted , that power of turning readily from evil to good , and of finding employment which carried her out of herself , which was from nature alone .
But though so much of the matter was known to them already , that Mrs . Jennings might have had enough to do in spreading that knowledge farther , without seeking after more , she had resolved from the first to pay a visit of comfort and inquiry to her cousins as soon as she could ; and nothing but the hindrance of more visitors than usual , had prevented her going to them within that time .
Combine that fact with the willful neglect of the idea of the opportunity cost of investing -- that is , you have to measure the success of an investment against other potential investments you might have made , not against `` zero '' -- and you get a recipe for real confusion .
He 's been arrested 32 times for shoplifting , but each time magistrates ruled the offences were n't serious enough for him to be detained , where he might have got the treatment he needs . 
There was not a soul in sight as Theda began resolutely to trudge down the street , looking for a lane that might lead her off the main road , which , being only of packed dirt , was already a hasty-pudding of mud which churned under her mercifully booted feet . 
The place might be public , the project might seem impossible .
It might not be bedtime by St Lucian standards , but second on her list of essentials , after the long cold drink , was a cool shower , and a long , long lie down .
As long as they lived , no exertions would be necessary , their home might be hers for ever ; and for their own comfort they would have retained her wholly ; but this would be selfishness :-- what must be at last , had better be soon .
Here 's , I 'm trying to answer some of your questions , but , and this is what I think maybe you might want to consider doing . ``
" He said the opposition was concerned that Kadafi 's forces might bomb or sabotage oil complexes in Port Brega and Ras Lanuf to keep them out of rebel hands .
No matter what troubles might betide him , this most American of artists knew in his heart he could not function properly outside his native land .
He was also cynical enough to believe that any other woman might be as unpleasant to live with . 
Perhaps they began to feel it might have been kinder and wiser to have resisted the temptation of any delay , and spared her from a taste of such enjoyments of ease and leisure as must now be relinquished .
21 : 33 Hear another parable : There was a certain householder , which planted a vineyard , and hedged it round about , and digged a winepress in it , and built a tower , and let it out to husbandmen , and went into a far country : 21 : 34 And when the time of the fruit drew near , he sent his servants to the husbandmen , that they might receive the fruits of it .
But as if this vast local power in the tendinous tail were not enough , the whole bulk of the leviathan is knit over with a warp and woof of muscular fibres and filaments , which passing on either side the loins and running down into the flukes , insensibly blend with them , and largely contribute to their might ; so that in the tail the confluent measureless force of the whole whale seems concentrated to a point .
She might assist his resolution , or reconcile him to it ; she might give just praise to Harriet , or , by representing to him his own independence , relieve him from that state of indecision , which must be more intolerable than any alternative to such a mind as his .-- They had reached the house .
2 : 3 But neither Titus , who was with me , being a Greek , was compelled to be circumcised : 2 : 4 And that because of false brethren unawares brought in , who came in privily to spy out our liberty which we have in Christ Jesus , that they might bring us into bondage : 2 : 5 To whom we gave place by subjection , no , not for an hour ; that the truth of the gospel might continue with you .
For example , I might butter a piece of bread and be unable to gauge whether the procedure was taking me seconds or days . 
" I wish you may not get into a scrape , Harriet , whenever he does marry ;-- I mean , as to being acquainted with his wife -- for though his sisters , from a superior education , are not to be altogether objected to , it does not follow that he might marry any body at all fit for you to notice .
Then , some way further on , in a feature of self-congratulation and vicarious identification , the svelte couple whose lifestyle and dinner party habits were being extolled in full double page ( low cholesterol ) spread colour for emulation by fellow believers , were clearly seen in full frontal and blatant use of the Kiwi — plus ça change , as Clarence Birdseye might have said . 
Her greatest dread , however , was that the vicar might suggest that , together , he and Olivia should kneel in prayer . 
Isis then cured Re by reciting a spell and with her new power became one of the mightiest goddesses . 
Moreover , the very isolation of Four Winds precluded her from being able to enjoy the facilities which even a town like Penzance might have provided .
11 : 12 And after him was Eleazar the son of Dodo , the Ahohite , who was one of the three mighties .
The word curricle made Charles Musgrove jump up that he might compare it with his own ; the servant in mourning roused Anne ' s curiosity , and the whole six were collected to look , by the time the owner of the curricle was to be seen issuing from the door amidst the bows and civilities of the household , and taking his seat , to drive off .
His bold eyes raked the woman , and a perceptive spectator might sense that there was more to their relationship than that of slave to owner .
You might , some time or other , be differently affected towards him .
But understand this and understand it thoroughly , if I loved you my love might be divine .
9 : 11 Yea , all Israel have transgressed thy law , even by departing , that they might not obey thy voice ; therefore the curse is poured upon us , and the oath that is written in the law of Moses the servant of God , because we have sinned against him .
As if divining my thoughts , the girl Songau smiled warmly and said in the casual tone an American woman might use in describing her rose garden :
" If you pressed that point I might reply that it was very probable ," answered MacIan calmly .
12 : 15 And the serpent cast out of his mouth water as a flood after the woman , that he might cause her to be carried away of the flood .
But what if he our Conqueror ( whom I now Of force believe almighty , since no less Than such could have o ' erpowered such force as ours ) Have left us this our spirit and strength entire , Strongly to suffer and support our pains , That we may so suffice his vengeful ire , Or do him mightier service as his thralls By right of war , whate ' er his business be , Here in the heart of Hell to work in fire , Or do his errands in the gloomy Deep ?
If he was really up to no good the situation might have turned awkward -- though as it happens he was perfectly civil , and I was n't nervous . " 
I wondered if she might ever get frostbite ; I was sure I could see little crystals of ice glinting on her faint moustache . 
20 : 25 Wherefore I gave them also statutes that were not good , and judgments whereby they should not live ; 20 : 26 And I polluted them in their own gifts , in that they caused to pass through the fire all that openeth the womb , that I might make them desolate , to the end that they might know that I am the LORD .
He slapped her , swiftly and casually , his hand coming back to cover her mouth in case she might cry out . 
However many prettily-painted Eleanors might lurk inside that dumpy frame , the combined influence of an overbearing father and a domineering husband would ensure that they remained securely locked away . 
But Roger , coming into the kitchen as Godfrey left , said , ` Might get it out of your system . " 
Fears that Ford 's ardor might be cooling put Jaguar shares into reverse after GM confirmed its friendly negotiations with Jaguar .
Captain Benwick was most considerately attentive to her ; and , united as they all seemed by the distress of the day , she felt an increasing degree of good - will towards him , and a pleasure even in thinking that it might , perhaps , be the occasion of continuing their acquaintance .
` Not much to tell , " she confessed , her voice as soft as his because talking seemed an intrusion , as though it might break the spell of enchantment she felt wrapped in .
And landlords and people of substance , who might normally offer charitable relief of their own , would certainly guard their purses as long as the government declared itself to be the great provider . 
Yet how might he know the Call when it came ? ?
The weather soon improved enough for those to move who must move ; and Mr . Woodhouse having , as usual , tried to persuade his daughter to stay behind with all her children , was obliged to see the whole party set off , and return to his lamentations over the destiny of poor Isabella ;-- which poor Isabella , passing her life with those she doated on , full of their merits , blind to their faults , and always innocently busy , might have been a model of right feminine happiness .
5 : 40 And ye will not come to me , that ye might have life .
In the recent political campaign two charges were leveled affecting the question of power , and I think we might begin by trying to put them into proper focus .
Despite our initial suspicions that the shoe 's cosmetics and relatively soft midsole material might suffer with heavy use , no problems with durability have yet been reported . 
However , it might be thought that where sado-masochism takes place between adult consenting parties and the injury sustained is not serious , the law should not intervene at all .
Critics of Townsend argue that this is a spurious claim inasmuch as it depends on Townsend making very dubious judgements about what the social needs are of which people might be ` deprived " . 
She might fight him , resent him , even hate him for condemning her on Matilda 's word alone , but she could n't deny his need or her longing to satisfy it . 
My agent explained that it was a highly secret document , but that he had a friend in the London office who might be able to sneak out a copy .
It was fortunate that he did because otherwise the superintendent might have missed the turning on the right , discreetly hidden in a murky thicket . 
He might have been in Mr Elliot ' s company , but she had not courage to ask the question .
It was not suggested by counsel for the mother that , if the non est factum plea failed , she might nonetheless be entitled to rectification against the chargees .
Unfortunately the cafes might not make enough money to support themselves during the off season .
Who seeks To lessen thee , against his purpose serves To manifest the more thy might : his evil Thou usest , and from thence createst more good .
from which not the mightiest whale is free .
And that ' s the reason I never would work for lonely widow old women ashore , when I kept my job - shop in the Vineyard ; they might have taken it into their lonely old heads to run off with me .
Nor did Russia possess the industrial might of Germany .
It might also have disturbed them to know that in such circumstances what is still a fairly new and effective lifeline for them would have been ruled out -- insurance . 
It comes from knowing that no matter how intense a pain might be or our sorrow or our anxiousness , that Jesus Christ is the ultimate victor . 
Indeed , the Belgians discouraged higher education , fearing the creation of a native intellectual elite which might cause unrest .
` The world might applaud your achievement but I doubt if it will condone your methods , " Nicholson said , taking his eyes from the bandaged man to look momentarily at Dexter .
It can be seen that as the lexicon size increases , more candidate words are allowable , so sometimes the inverted look-up is not used when it might have found the correct word . 
I could not make out where they were going , and made several inquiries without getting any answers save in Gaelic ; it might as well have been Hindostani . 
Saul Bellow and Bernard Malamud , through intellectual toughness , perception , through experience in fact , have obviously liberated themselves from any sentimental Krim self-indulgence they might have been tempted to .
She might be a mistress , but she might equally well be a daughter , a wife , a sister -- perhaps someone weak-minded , perhaps someone elderly . 
He thought of Lucia 's mobile mouth , her often oblique wit , and dreaded that she might start to question , and come to the wrong person 's notice . 
I assure you , Mr Elliot had not the share which you have been supposing , in whatever pleasure the concert of last night might afford : not Mr Elliot ; it is not Mr Elliot that --"
Those who had driven hundreds of miles for the burial would not go home , for she might die any time ; ;
Charles Musgrove , indeed , afterwards , shewed more of inclination ; " the child was going on so well , and he wished so much to be introduced to Captain Wentworth , that , perhaps , he might join them in the evening ; he would not dine from home , but he might walk in for half an hour ."
Try as they might , they just ca n't conceive of life without black workers .
His life was gentle , and the Elements So mixt in him , that Nature might stand vp , And say to all the world ; This was a man
A large overcoat that might have been even older than its wearer reached almost to the ground and the fingers that could only just be seen peeping through the sleeves were covered in grey woollen mittens . 
The writer never knew from week to week just where the section might be .
I doubted it more the next day on Box Hill ; when , provoked by such conduct on my side , such shameful , insolent neglect of her , and such apparent devotion to Miss W ., as it would have been impossible for any woman of sense to endure , she spoke her resentment in a form of words perfectly intelligible to me .-- In short , my dear madam , it was a quarrel blameless on her side , abominable on mine ; and I returned the same evening to Richmond , though I might have staid with you till the next morning , merely because I would be as angry with her as possible .
When he reached the first little pool he baited his hook very carefully and then , taking the greatest care to keep out of sight of any trout that might be in the little pool , he began to fish .
Shout at Eichmann though he might , the Prosecutor could not establish that the defendant was falsifying the way he felt about Jews or that what he did feel fell into the generally recognized category of anti-Semitism .
The other Motiue , Why to a publike count I might not go , Is the great loue the generall gender beare him , Who dipping all his Faults in their affection , Would like the Spring that turneth Wood to Stone , Conuert his Gyues to Graces .
` I 'm afraid I might behave in a rather cowardly fashion .
I should like to conclude the chapter with the above appeal , but cannot , owing to my anxiety to repel a charge often made against whalemen , and which , in the estimation of some already biased minds , might be considered as indirectly substantiated by what has been said of the Frenchman ' s two whales .
You might try looking into his wife too .
`` You might as well wait here while I'm gone , so you can use my shower if you'd like '' .
Agassi might face Muster in the semifinals .
I might have played it successfully on any other woman ; I have hit the one woman on whom it cannot be played .
9 : 28 But after they had rest , they did evil again before thee : therefore leftest thou them in the land of their enemies , so that they had the dominion over them : yet when they returned , and cried unto thee , thou heardest them from heaven ; and many times didst thou deliver them according to thy mercies ; 9 : 29 And testifiedst against them , that thou mightest bring them again unto thy law : yet they dealt proudly , and hearkened not unto thy commandments , but sinned against thy judgments , ( which if a man do , he shall live in them ;) and withdrew the shoulder , and hardened their neck , and would not hear .
" Well ," said MacIan , " we might occupy a day or two in drawing up a thorough and complete statement of what we did and why we did it , and all about both our points of view .
MacIan might possibly be a gentleman , they felt ; the editor manifestly was not .
What might not eight years do ?
I might relate of thousands , and their names Eternize here on earth ; but those elect Angels , contented with their fame in Heaven , Seek not the praise of men : The other sort , In might though wonderous and in acts of war , Nor of renown less eager , yet by doom Cancelled from Heaven and sacred memory , Nameless in dark oblivion let them dwell .
As he spoke , he let one hand rest on the hilt of his sword as though to emphasize subtly the ever-present might of French arms .
And after the wise men had looked closely at them and read the magic letters which were cut upon their edge , they said that the millstones were precious indeed , since they would grind out of nothing anything that the miller might wish .
If a man totally ignorant of America were to judge our land and its civilization based on Hollywood alone , what conclusions do you think he might come to ? ?
26 : 9 For this ointment might have been sold for much , and given to the poor .
She looked wistfully up the companionway to the square of blue sky , but fought the urge to go up on deck , scared he might ask her to do something that would reveal her ignorance . 
It was our darling wish that you might be attached to each other -- and we were persuaded that it was so .-- Imagine what we have been feeling on your account ."
Now he broke them open , hoping a good meal might lessen this depression crushing Hettie .
Alternatively the capsule might be drifting in the weak gravitational field of intergalactic space . 
Harlech formed part of a distinct military plan and its power and might are unquestioned even today , 700 years after the castle was built . 
This traffic , he declared prophetically , `` tho' it might be of small account at first , would increase with the progress of our Settlements .
Ortega's hope that modern psychology might yet bring forth a last flowering of the novel has only been partially fulfilled .
Like business and university groups generally , these men had very limited knowledge of recent sociological and psychological studies and findings that might illumine the decisions they make .
He accomplished much while director of the Metropolitan Museum of Art , but today is apparently content to sit out the art world harbouring bitter memories of what might have been .
These students , although they might read various articles in popular magazines , more often chose to report on articles found in the journals .
It might be that we could ensure that the shopping and household chores are done , or that the children are collected from school , thus alleviating the stress of trying to cope with everyday matters whilst trying to deal with extraordinary ones . 
Anne caught his eye , saw his cheeks glow , and his mouth form itself into a momentary expression of contempt , and turned away , that she might neither see nor hear more to vex her .
He might have been called something above man , with his large plans , which were too obvious to be detected , with his large face , which was too frank to be understood .
The prevalence of this diminishes with time after the event , which you might think peculiar , but there are fewer patients who have been followed up for five years . 
Thus they rushed ; each man with might and main clinging to his seat , to prevent being tossed to the foam ; and the tall form of Tashtego at the steering oar crouching almost double , in order to bring down his centre of gravity .
In that event , they note , the Revenue Service might declare the pension plan is discriminatory and deny it tax privileges under the law .
But , though his eyes had been kind , there was a barrier of formality between them , as though he knew how she might feel and did not wish to encourage her . 
( That was the number listed when I received my copy ; it might have increased . )
Out of the rolling ocean the crowd came a drop gently to me , Whispering I love you , before long I die , I have travel ' d a long way merely to look on you to touch you , For I could not die till I once look ' d on you , For I fear ' d I might afterward lose you .
You might need it .
106 : 8 Nevertheless he saved them for his name ' s sake , that he might make his mighty power to be known .
His quick eye she detected again and again glancing towards them with a happy expression ; and even , when he might have determined not to look , she was confident that he was often listening .
Collyogh is the Irish appellation of an old woman : but as Collyogh might sound strangely to English ears , we have translated it by the word Goody .
" You will forgive me ," said the monk , meekly from under loads of white beard , " but I fear I do not understand ; was it in order that I might rub my shoulder against men of all kinds that you put me inside this thing ?"
15 : 15 Nevertheless , brethren , I have written the more boldly unto you in some sort , as putting you in mind , because of the grace that is given to me of God , 15 : 16 That I should be the minister of Jesus Christ to the Gentiles , ministering the gospel of God , that the offering up of the Gentiles might be acceptable , being sanctified by the Holy Ghost .
" Take them , then ," said Carlo ; " I wish all Naples could see them , provided they might be liked half as well as I like them ."
4 : 5 So Jonah went out of the city , and sat on the east side of the city , and there made him a booth , and sat under it in the shadow , till he might see what would become of the city .
for we have no might against this great company that cometh against us ; neither know we what to do : but our eyes are upon thee .
An argument for clemency toward him could be grounded in the belief that it would be a tactical error to declare Copernican doctrines heretical , because that might discourage Protestants from returning to the Roman fold .
Then he recollected that one day , when he had been sent to Clifton to sell some flowers , he had seen an old woman with a board beside her covered with various sparkling stones , which people stopped to look at as they passed , and he remembered that some people bought the stones ; one paid twopence , another threepence , and another sixpence for them ; and Jem heard her say that she got them amongst the neighbouring rocks : so he thought that if he tried he might find some too , and sell them as she had done .
If we were all like you , I believe we might sit four .
" No ," said Emma , laughing ; " but perhaps there might be some made to his coming back again .
One might say that subtitling the present book `` A Book of Lost Metaphors '' is an example of a loose canon [ sic ] — unless metaphor is taken in its broadest sense—but one is unlikely to find red herrings here : the etymologies of a few hundred words and phrases are given , many not readily findable in standard works of reference .
8 : 9 For ye know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ , that , though he was rich , yet for your sakes he became poor , that ye through his poverty might be rich .
It might be safely viewed with all its appendages of prosperity and beauty , its rich pastures , spreading flocks , orchard in blossom , and light column of smoke ascending .-- She joined them at the wall , and found them more engaged in talking than in looking around .
31 : 27 Wherefore didst thou flee away secretly , and steal away from me ; and didst not tell me , that I might have sent thee away with mirth , and with songs , with tabret , and with harp ?
If England feared Spain , for the Scottish Protestants Henri II became a very present menace ; for through his daughter-in-law Mary he might turn his attention to the Calvinists in Scotland as well as those in France . 
I might struggle in for a jury .
The spokesman refused to comment on speculation that Industrial Equity might use its interest as a platform to launch a hostile bid for the company .
I do not mean to say , however , that you might not have made discoveries ."
A lot of taxpayers out there are n't as paranoid as one might think .
Thus might we procure great evil against our souls .
6 : 3 Hear therefore , O Israel , and observe to do it ; that it may be well with thee , and that ye may increase mightily , as the LORD God of thy fathers hath promised thee , in the land that floweth with milk and honey .
With his dyed hair , multiple earrings and parachute boots , he might present a formidable sight to some , but he 's one of the most amiable punks you could wish to meet . 
You might say that the answer is obvious : Overindebted companies ca n't borrow more , and the banks are in no position to lend anyway .
For any given move in the overall market , it suggests how steeply that particular issue might rise or fall .
18 : 2 And he cried mightily with a strong voice , saying , Babylon the great is fallen , is fallen , and is become the habitation of devils , and the hold of every foul spirit , and a cage of every unclean and hateful bird .
I might find out that I 'm a bad actress . 
This might have seemed odd , coming as it did less than a week after Franco 's bellicose public references to Gibraltar .
32 : 31 Howbeit in the business of the ambassadors of the princes of Babylon , who sent unto him to enquire of the wonder that was done in the land , God left him , to try him , that he might know all that was in his heart .
I once knew a lady who in temper and mind greatly resembled your sister , who thought and judged like her , but who from an inforced change -- from a series of unfortunate circumstances "-- Here he stopt suddenly ; appeared to think that he had said too much , and by his countenance gave rise to conjectures , which might not otherwise have entered Elinor ' s head .
Criticisms of William Waldegrave 's handling of the health portfolio fuelled speculation that he might be sacked . 
`` Snakes are ugly and bad , and it might have bitten somebody , and they would have died '' .
" Captain Ahab ," said the reddening mate , moving further into the cabin , with a daring so strangely respectful and cautious that it almost seemed not only every way seeking to avoid the slightest outward manifestation of itself , but within also seemed more than half distrustful of itself ; " A better man than I might well pass over in thee what he would quickly enough resent in a younger man ; aye , and in a happier , Captain Ahab ."
It was his silent way of acknowledging an equally silent approach ; for there came towards him a presence that might have satisfied even Calhoun Kidd ' s demands for a lovely and aristocratic ghost .
Here 's another story of success from what might seem like an unlikely source : Goodwill 's controller , Juli .
The figures for railways might sound encouraging , but , when looked at in detail , they fall away sharply in the subsequent two years . 
The door was opened to them by the doctor ' s old servant , Simon , who might very well have passed for a doctor himself , having a strict suit of black , spectacles , grey hair , and a confidential manner .
1 : 8 But Daniel purposed in his heart that he would not defile himself with the portion of the king ' s meat , nor with the wine which he drank : therefore he requested of the prince of the eunuchs that he might not defile himself .
Delicate beauty , a word to thee , ( it may be salutary ,) Remember thou hast not always been as here to - day so comfortably ensovereign ' d , In other scenes than these have I observ ' d thee flag , Not quite so trim and whole and freshly blooming in folds of stainless silk , But I have seen thee bunting , to tatters torn upon thy splinter ' d staff , Or clutch ' d to some young color - bearer ' s breast with desperate hands , Savagely struggled for , for life or death , fought over long , ' Mid cannons ' thunder - crash and many a curse and groan and yell , and rifle - volleys cracking sharp , And moving masses as wild demons surging , and lives as nothing risk ' d , For thy mere remnant grimed with dirt and smoke and sopp ' d in blood , For sake of that , my beauty , and that thou might ' st dally as now secure up there , Many a good man have I seen go under .
They considered the saleability of a washstand , a swinging mirror , a flowered pottery basin and jug , and then as they descended by the back stairs , the plates in dull red and dark blue and gold glaze that hung on the wall there and might , from the hieroglyphs on their backs , possibly be Chinese and perhaps valuable .
That stupid girl might have gone off and left Francie '' ! !
After the relative quiescence of the working class since the late 1840s these new manifestations engendered fears that respectable workers might become less co-operative if their real grievances were not palliated . 
They , hardened more by what might most reclaim , Grieving to see his glory , at the sight Took envy ; and , aspiring to his highth , Stood re - embattled fierce , by force or fraud Weening to prosper , and at length prevail Against God and Messiah , or to fall In universal ruin last ; and now To final battle drew , disdaining flight , Or faint retreat ; when the great Son of God To all his host on either hand thus spake .
She had previously , in the anticipation of their marriage , been very apprehensive of losing her friend by it ; but on being assured that he could have made no attempt of that nature , since he did not even know her to be in Bath , it immediately occurred , that something might be done in her favour by the influence of the woman he loved , and she had been hastily preparing to interest Anne ' s feelings , as far as the observances due to Mr Elliot ' s character would allow , when Anne ' s refutation of the supposed engagement changed the face of everything ; and while it took from her the new - formed hope of succeeding in the object of her first anxiety , left her at least the comfort of telling the whole story her own way .
Alice thought she might as well go back , and see how the game was going on , as she heard the Queen ' s voice in the distance , screaming with passion .
And who could tell whether , in that congregated caravan , Moby Dick himself might not temporarily be swimming , like the worshipped white - elephant in the coronation procession of the Siamese !
She gave me the names of some people who would surely help pay for the flowers and might even march up to the monument with me .
I might decide to thumb my nose at him " , he wrote . 
Last week , he said Moscow might be satisfied if NATO guaranteed it would not move its military infrastructure , above all nuclear weapons , onto the territory of new members .
On the hillside above was caged what might have been an incarnation of Fudo , or perhaps a demon .
I do n't suggest I might doubt his word . 
And brave as he might be , it was that sort of bravery chiefly , visible in some intrepid men , which , while generally abiding firm in the conflict with seas , or winds , or whales , or any of the ordinary irrational horrors of the world , yet cannot withstand those more terrific , because more spiritual terrors , which sometimes menace you from the concentrating brow of an enraged and mighty man .
`` I might have starved , but at least I wouldn't be fried to a crisp and soaked with dirt '' ! !
" He thinks Mrs Clay afraid of him , aware that he sees through her , and not daring to proceed as she might do in his absence .
He saw her emerge suddenly , coming in her unhesitant fashion , her back stiff , her head erect , facing with contempt the night and whatever she would encounter , as if in her extreme disdain and indifference she would pass by all the outraged looks of those whom she might approach .
I might just do that ; it would give him a nice surprise . 
It might even be rather pleasant to ride through this strange , beautiful world with the silver moonlight . 
To hang 50 Governors might be preferable except that they are not directly related to the highways ; ;
She 'd been reserved in a way which suggested that she might be strong-willed but was making an effort to hide it or keep it in check .
Very few of us naturally look like our dogs so a little augmentation might be called for . 
The reader , observing this process , might ask `` why not be different '' ? ?
I might proceed with several more examples , one way or another known to me , of the great power and malice at times of the sperm whale .
Then , one day , the wish once more came , to know how his work was growing , and once more he prayed that he might see a being --
Or she might drown him in the bath or push him under a train . 
It was concluded that the media had no business either relaying bad news about government and party policies and activities or suggesting that alternative measures might be better . 
He read it through , a touch uneasy that its jocularity might displease Newton but knowing that it told Newton what he wanted to know . 
This might explain why Hazel felt that housework was her responsibility , although she explained it differently herself .
To the northwest , the Uzbeks might be ready for a cross - border sortie in six months ; their chance of success was also rated at less than 10 percent .
He saw that the frustrated fire was extinguished ; and then refused to linger , though he actually heard young Pendragon , escorted by an enthusiastic crowd , come tramping up the river bank ; and might ( had he been moved by romantic curiosities ) have received the combined thanks of the man from the ship and the girl from the canoe .
He had just parted from my sister , had seen her leave him in the greatest affliction ; and if he felt obliged , from a fear of offending Mrs . Smith , to resist the temptation of returning here soon , and yet aware that by declining your invitation , by saying that he was going away for some time , he should seem to act an ungenerous , a suspicious part by our family , be might well be embarrassed and disturbed .
It must be her ardent wish that Harriet might be disappointed ; and she hoped , that when able to see them together again , she might at least be able to ascertain what the chances for it were .-- She should see them henceforward with the closest observance ; and wretchedly as she had hitherto misunderstood even those she was watching , she did not know how to admit that she could be blinded here .-- He was expected back every day .
Now , whether these gin and beer harpooneers , so fuddled as one might fancy them to have been , were the right sort of men to stand up in a boat ' s head , and take good aim at flying whales ; this would seem somewhat improbable .
Maxine confessed that there had been times when she had thought she might be going mad , so great was her horror of water .
" You owe me no apologies ; and every body to whom you might be supposed to owe them , is so perfectly satisfied , so delighted even --"
And now , their mightiest quelled , the battle swerved , With many an inroad gored ; deformed rout Entered , and foul disorder ; all the ground With shivered armour strown , and on a heap Chariot and charioteer lay overturned , And fiery - foaming steeds ; what stood , recoiled O ' er - wearied , through the faint Satanick host Defensive scarce , or with pale fear surprised , Then first with fear surprised , and sense of pain , Fled ignominious , to such evil brought By sin of disobedience ; till that hour Not liable to fear , or flight , or pain .
Anything was possible , anything might be defied rather than suspense .
No trick , as he gleefully recounted himself was too low or devious to ensure the required result , though he might boast of being the " King of the Bristol Channel " . 
Her mind kept flicking back to the python smile of the assassin , conjuring images of what might have been : death , blood , pain .
She might have been talking to some of her friends about her husband if they've been having any trouble '' .
2 : 9 For to this end also did I write , that I might know the proof of you , whether ye be obedient in all things .
The Khedive is starting to realize that he might have trouble on his hands . 
" There certainly are circumstances ," said Willoughby , " which might greatly endear it to me ; but this place will always have one claim of my affection , which no other can possibly share ."
The main pieces of equipment that might need replacing in a system are the boiler and the radiators .
105 : 45 That they might observe his statutes , and keep his laws .
Surveying all this , some people now think the best planner might be no planner at all .
He vowed that he would have the little Jackal for supper this time , come what might .
When the IAFP recently assembled other industry groups to discuss common standards that might be applied to planners , Mr. Gargan 's group was excluded .
The thunder ritual , which might offer salvation , is deeply suspect , potentially inane . 
So many of us keep so many medicines on our shelves for donkeys years in the hope that we might find a pill that will suit us at some time .
Galloway has commented that ` teachers and magistrates who see legal sanctions as the solution to the problem of poor attendance might be more happily occupied in search of the Holy Grail " . 
A lengthy statement by the Council of Representatives on Dec. 13 explained how the flexibility allowed by the new system of local government might accommodate the complexity of relationships between ethnic and linguistic groups . 
Apart from the risk of causing injury to your visitor , the dog might rush out into the road . 
The assassination of JFK might have started the process on its own , but certainly the assassination of the assassin , while he was in police custody , set tongues wagging here and there . 
They watched eagerly for the moment of her return , that they might satisfy their curiosity .
Always supposing their parents had kept the postcards , which , considering their rarity value , they might well have done .
The subject of the degree is not always as significant in securing a job as you might think . 
The note said Imro was concerned there might be ` similar undetected shenanigans " in other occupational pension schemes . 
I might even have griped about my existence with the Gorengs and thought wistfully of alternatives . 
Circumstances that might swell to half an hour ' s relation , and contained multiplied proofs to her who had seen them , had passed undiscerned by her who now heard them ; but the two latest occurrences to be mentioned , the two of strongest promise to Harriet , were not without some degree of witness from Emma herself .-- The first , was his walking with her apart from the others , in the lime - walk at Donwell , where they had been walking some time before Emma came , and he had taken pains ( as she was convinced ) to draw her from the rest to himself -- and at first , he had talked to her in a more particular way than he had ever done before , in a very particular way indeed !--( Harriet could not recall it without a blush .)
Many might seek to use the asylum route and , indeed , it would be naive to think otherwise . 
But if he ' s square he ' s thick -- what you might call cubic .
When they reached their neighbor's house , Pamela said a few polite words to Grace and kissed Melissa lightly on the forehead , the impulse prompted by a stray thought -- of the type to which she was frequently subject these days -- that they might never see one another again .
Marianne severely censured herself for what she had said ; but her own forgiveness might have been more speedy , had she known how little offence it had given her sister .
23 : 3 Oh that I knew where I might find him !
"' When I read in this book what is said about the strawberries growing as large as apricots , after they had been covered over with seaweed , I thought that perhaps seaweed ashes might be good for my father ' s raspberries ; and I asked him if he would give me leave to try them .
It was tiring work , leaving no time to think of what they had left behind , or what might lie ahead of them . 
Whatever nominal agreements might be contrived , only to be misread , there were repeated raids by one side upon the other in contravention of treaty terms . 
Had not his grandson Raymond V fulfilled his crusading obligation in his early youth , thereby freeing himself from the necessity of interrupting his career in the county , the principality of Toulouse might have disintegrated altogether . 
A vast new respectable society arose round the professions , dignified by the belief that what they were doing ( although it might be exorbitantly expensive ) was in pursuit of some higher calling . 
Erskine was on the other side ; and he then supported it by saying , that though the gentleman had originally harpooned the lady , and had once had her fast , and only by reason of the great stress of her plunging viciousness , had at last abandoned her ; yet abandon her he did , so that she became a loose - fish ; and therefore when a subsequent gentleman re - harpooned her , the lady then became that subsequent gentleman ' s property , along with whatever harpoon might have been found sticking in her .
After the spate of female vocalists we have been having , all of whom took Sarah as a point of departure and then tried to see what they could do that might make her seem old hat , it seemed that all that has happened is to make the real thing seem better than ever .
When confronted with a drunk or an insane person I have no notion of what any one of them might do to me or to himself or to others .
Death from a drug overdose was the conclusion reached after she committed suicide , though speculation existed that she might have been murdered . 
Like some poor devils ashore that happen to know an irascible great man , they make distant unobtrusive salutations to him in the street , lest if they pursued the acquaintance further , they might receive a summary thump for their presumption .
Sister Cooney sensed that he was about to confide something that he might later regret .
She usually wore weeds , and a stranger watching her board a train might have guessed that Mr. Pastern was dead , but Mr. Pastern was far from dead .
Had Schmeichel , the giant Danish international goalkeeper , not intervened and dragged Bruce out of the melee by the scruff of his neck , there might have been more red cards . 
( b ) Describe the likely ways in which : ( i ) a manufacturer of diesel engines and ( ii ) a manufacturer of breakfast cereals might segment their markets . 
A more inquiring mind might also have drawn a different conclusion from the most peculiar episode in the book , which concerns the death in Liege in 1922 of a young man called Kleine . 
Of the agency he flattered himself that he was pretty secure ; and he thought that he might assume the tone of command towards the tenants , especially towards one who was some guineas in debt , and in whose lease there was a flaw .
Had Dandy been older or wiser , instinct might have warned him that he would be well advised to flee from the Lalauries' tender care if he valued his life .
As Mr Soames was the grandson of Winston Churchill , it might look as though the end-products were much the same as before . 
" It is a great pleasure where one can indulge in it ," said the young man , " though there are not many houses that I should presume on so far ; but in coming _home_ I felt I might do any thing ."
This , on his side , might merely proceed from her not being thought of ; but Emma was rather inclined to attribute it to delicacy , and a suspicion , from some appearances , that their friendship were declining .
However , the officials said it was too early to disclose the nature of the proposed projects or indicate when the talks might be concluded .
A card to Walter would get him an introduction to this Meredith , and that might be good for something .
Parker , his punches did not work , and he punched Anton 's back : resounding blows , and the back of his neck with all his might , the attempt to push him down . 
Dickens , for excellent psychological reasons , never fully reveals Magwitch's felonious past , but Pip , at the convict's climactic reappearance in London , shrinks from clasping a hand which he fears `` might be stained with blood '' .
but he that cometh after me is mightier than I , whose shoes I am not worthy to bear : he shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost , and with fire : 3 : 12 Whose fan is in his hand , and he will throughly purge his floor , and gather his wheat into the garner ; but he will burn up the chaff with unquenchable fire .
He had n't the vicious streak that showed in his brother , and might prove a very good team-member . 
In Lakoff 's case , it might be a reflection of her training in the Chomskyan tradition , which urges the analyst to examine her own intuitions rather than collecting a corpus of data . 
1 : 67 And his father Zacharias was filled with the Holy Ghost , and prophesied , saying , 1 : 68 Blessed be the Lord God of Israel ; for he hath visited and redeemed his people , 1 : 69 And hath raised up an horn of salvation for us in the house of his servant David ; 1 : 70 As he spake by the mouth of his holy prophets , which have been since the world began : 1 : 71 That we should be saved from our enemies , and from the hand of all that hate us ; 1 : 72 To perform the mercy promised to our fathers , and to remember his holy covenant ; 1 : 73 The oath which he sware to our father Abraham , 1 : 74 That he would grant unto us , that we being delivered out of the hand of our enemies might serve him without fear , 1 : 75 In holiness and righteousness before him , all the days of our life .
When he saw how strong they were , and how many there were of them , he began to be afraid that some day they might number more than the Egyptians , and might take his land from him .
But despite the risks , for a man of ambition and determination the reward was ample ; for a prévôté might bridge the gap between the upper peasantry and the lower echelons of the aristocracy .
People might conclude that you 've been playing politics with the military effort and with the lives of tens of thousands of innocent soldiers .
The senior partner explained patiently that the nurse herself might have suspect motives in accusing the doctor of malpractice .
Jane has heard a great deal of its beauty ; from Mr . Dixon , I mean -- I do not know that she ever heard about it from any body else ; but it was very natural , you know , that he should like to speak of his own place while he was paying his addresses -- and as Jane used to be very often walking out with them -- for Colonel and Mrs . Campbell were very particular about their daughter ' s not walking out often with only Mr . Dixon , for which I do not at all blame them ; of course she heard every thing he might be telling Miss Campbell about his own home in Ireland ; and I think she wrote us word that he had shewn them some drawings of the place , views that he had taken himself .
7 : 2 And the sons of Tola ; Uzzi , and Rephaiah , and Jeriel , and Jahmai , and Jibsam , and Shemuel , heads of their father ' s house , to wit , of Tola : they were valiant men of might in their generations ; whose number was in the days of David two and twenty thousand and six hundred .
For as the mightiest elephant is but a terrier to Leviathan , so , compared with Leviathan ' s tail , his trunk is but the stalk of a lily .
He had heard stories of security forces planting illegal objects during searches of houses and hoped that his presence might help to safeguard against it . 
23 : 23 And they were instant with loud voices , requiring that he might be crucified .
If you blind your eyes with tears you will not see the President ' s marshal , If you groan such groans you might balk the government cannon .
He would gladly weaken , by any fair means , whatever feelings or speculations concerning him might exist ; and he went , therefore , to his brother ' s , meaning after a while to return to Kellynch , and act as circumstances might require .
' There might be some sense in your knocking ,' the Footman went on without attending to her , ' if we had the door between us .
especially if you have an interest group that comes up with a study that supports their own position if they did the work i always tend to be a little suspicious of it and that might 've been the Southern Poverty Law Project or something that did that
The slaves were huddled together in a corner , their faces turned away , as if afraid that the Soul Eater 's attention might suddenly turn to one of them . 
It might be well to consider the literary evidence first because it can provide us with an answer to one important question ; ;
` Er , might I suggest that our chaps from Porton Down work in collusion with the Research Department ? " asked the Under-Secretary for the Army . 
Scarlet had thrown away all her old aluminium pans since she had learned that they might cause Alzheimer 's disease , and she never used tap water for cooking for the same reason . 
It might mean selling one more inch of classified advertising space or encouraging one of your team to be as entrepreneurial as you . 
8 : 1 Then Solomon assembled the elders of Israel , and all the heads of the tribes , the chief of the fathers of the children of Israel , unto king Solomon in Jerusalem , that they might bring up the ark of the covenant of the LORD out of the city of David , which is Zion .
29 : 6 Ye have not eaten bread , neither have ye drunk wine or strong drink : that ye might know that I am the LORD your God .
How Anne ' s more rigid requisitions might have been taken is of little consequence .
You are always poring over some book or another when a man comes to see you , which is not , according to my notions ( being a plain , UNLARNED Englishman bred and born ), so civil and neighbourly as might be ."
ENGLAND vice-captain Alec Stewart has been re-appointed captain of Surrey for the 1993 cricket season , ending suggestions that his job might be on the line after the TCCB found the county guilty of ball-tampering . 
A healthy baby might survive , and unhealthy one might not . 
1 : 8 We therefore ought to receive such , that we might be fellowhelpers to the truth .
He eyed the wind - swung sword - hilt in sad meditation and resumed : " What I mean is , we might find out in this quiet place whether there really is any fate or any commandment against our enterprise .
That enamel mug looked as if it might be his . 
It seems to allow that , although we must begin and end with appearances , we might find it possible and advantageous in doing so to interpose conjectures about their hidden causes . 
He earnestly pressed her , after giving the particulars of the house and garden , to come with her daughters to Barton Park , the place of his own residence , from whence she might judge , herself , whether Barton Cottage , for the houses were in the same parish , could , by any alteration , be made comfortable to her .
The task force might make a start in Washington with Republican congressional leaders .
Articles appeared in the press extolling the creativity of ` home-making " ; psychiatrists warned that children who grew up without their mother 's constant care and attention were seriously deprived and might well become delinquents .
The U. S. military commander in Africa , Gen. Carter Ham , told the Associated Press recently that Boko Haram might be seeking to mount joint attacks in Nigeria with other African militants .
This we might well witness '' .
The rosy colour faded from Brenda 's cheeks as she thought what might happen if the van went rushing on unawares at the bridge . 
There are no mice in the air , I ' m afraid , but you might catch a bat , and that ' s very like a mouse , you know .
" Very well -- and for the next presentation to a living of that value -- supposing the late incumbent to have been old and sickly , and likely to vacate it soon -- he might have got I dare say -- fourteen hundred pounds .
Or she might place cornstarch in the oven for a short time and then apply this under her breasts .
She thought again of her children , those two who had died young , before the later science which might have saved them could attach even a label to their separate malignancies .
2 : 1 He that dasheth in pieces is come up before thy face : keep the munition , watch the way , make thy loins strong , fortify thy power mightily .
Then from his lofty stand on that high tree Down he alights among the sportful herd Of those four - footed kinds , himself now one , Now other , as their shape served best his end Nearer to view his prey , and , unespied , To mark what of their state he more might learn , By word or action marked .
The statistics might indicate that there is a physical gap developing between the two countries . 
It also brought home proof of something a casual observer might have missed : that more than half of the U.S. Negroes live outside the southeastern states .
`` I've served as a counsel for the U.N. for some years , specializing particularly in real estate matters or other problems that the regular U.N. legal staff might not be equipped to handle .
Hang out our Banners on the outward walls , The Cry is still , they come : our Castles strength Will laugh a Siedge to scorne : Heere let them lye , Till Famine and the Ague eate them vp : Were they not forc ' d with those that should be ours , We might haue met them darefull , beard to beard , And beate them backward home .
She might not be good with words but she was brilliant at thinking in pictures . 
Sophy , whose powers of reasoning were not to be confounded , even by quotations from the Latin grammar , looked up soberly from her drawing , and answered " that very likely those words might be signs of the same thing in the Latin grammar , but she believed that they meant perfectly different things in real life ."
Mr . Harvey desired that Mary and her sisters might have the slated house , rent free , from this time forward , under the care of ladies Isabella and Caroline , as long as Mary or her sisters should carry on in it any useful business .
26 : 16 And Abimelech said unto Isaac , Go from us ; for thou art much mightier than we .
She hoped they might now become friends again .
A representative audience , it might be said , and one poor lonely chap wearing a Frank Spencer pullover spent almost all the proceedings with his head buried in his hands . 
The finales to both Acts are effectively concerts , the sort of agreeably naff rock'n'roll revival that might just about pass muster as a Capital Gold one-nighter down the Hammersmith Palais . 
It would be very naive to suppose that one report taken on its own could tell you as much as you might want to know about the organization .
For non-phobic clients , homework tasks might include being more assertive in a specific situation at work , involvement in a relaxing leisure activity , or cutting down on prescribed tranquillizers . 
M. B. If you were lucky you might just get told off by the superintendent or you might go up before the chief constable where you could be fined .
Thus , the final gene inventory might depend in part on chance combinations of gene order and deletions occurring early in the process of genome reduction .
17 : 15 But he rebelled against him in sending his ambassadors into Egypt , that they might give him horses and much people .
How directly , how strongly had he expressed himself to her on the subject !-- Not too strongly for the offence -- but far , far too strongly to issue from any feeling softer than upright justice and clear - sighted goodwill .-- She had no hope , nothing to deserve the name of hope , that he could have that sort of affection for herself which was now in question ; but there was a hope ( at times a slight one , at times much stronger ,) that Harriet might have deceived herself , and be overrating his regard for _her_ .-- Wish it she must , for his sake -- be the consequence nothing to herself , but his remaining single all his life .
To hear them talking so much of Captain Wentworth , repeating his name so often , puzzling over past years , and at last ascertaining that it might , that it probably would , turn out to be the very same Captain Wentworth whom they recollected meeting , once or twice , after their coming back from Clifton -- a very fine young man -- but they could not say whether it was seven or eight years ago , was a new sort of trial to Anne ' s nerves .
You might wear out your index - finger running up and down the columns of dictionaries , and never find the word .
I would haue had thee there and heere agen Ere I can tell thee what thou should ' st do there : O Constancie , be strong vpon my side , Set a huge Mountaine ' tweene my Heart and Tongue : I haue a mans minde , but a womans might : How hard it is for women to keepe counsell .
" Yes ," replied Fisher , stammering ; " but I wasn ' t sure that that might be enough ."
Was it that this old carpenter had been a life - long wanderer , whose much rolling , to and fro , not only had gathered no moss ; but what is more , had rubbed off whatever small outward clingings might have originally pertained to him ?
4 : 6 Therefore made I a decree to bring in all the wise men of Babylon before me , that they might make known unto me the interpretation of the dream .
1 : 17 And if ye call on the Father , who without respect of persons judgeth according to every man ' s work , pass the time of your sojourning here in fear : 1 : 18 Forasmuch as ye know that ye were not redeemed with corruptible things , as silver and gold , from your vain conversation received by tradition from your fathers ; 1 : 19 But with the precious blood of Christ , as of a lamb without blemish and without spot : 1 : 20 Who verily was foreordained before the foundation of the world , but was manifest in these last times for you , 1 : 21 Who by him do believe in God , that raised him up from the dead , and gave him glory ; that your faith and hope might be in God .
He was aware of her as a frightfully good-looking American WAC , a second lieutenant assigned to do the paper work , ( regardless of how important she might have thought she was ) in the Command offices , but that was all .
But now I ' ll tell you what I am thinking of , Anne , that we might buy something for my grandmother , that would be very useful to her indeed , with the guinea -- something that would last a great while ."
Try to remember to put your jewellery on last when getting ready ; hairsprays , nail enamels and make-up could tarnish the gold and also you might catch rings on zip fasteners or earrings and necklaces on clothing . 
He did n't boil it , for fear the bleach might evaporate ; after the mixture was warm he added twenty bottles of Yugoslav Riesling , two bottles of Guinness and a pound and a half of oranges cut into segments .
4 : 41 Then Moses severed three cities on this side Jordan toward the sunrising ; 4 : 42 That the slayer might flee thither , which should kill his neighbour unawares , and hated him not in times past ; and that fleeing unto one of these cities he might live : 4 : 43 Namely , Bezer in the wilderness , in the plain country , of the Reubenites ; and Ramoth in Gilead , of the Gadites ; and Golan in Bashan , of the Manassites .
These issues were in dispute in long-running legal actions for negligence between parents and the drug manufacturers , and might ultimately have been tried by a judge. 
To a person more interested in the advance of science he might perhaps have tried to explain what he was after , but with Lucy he perceived that this would not be a success .
However , several people said that British Air might yet rejoin the bidding group and that the carrier made the statement to answer questions from British regulators about how it plans to use proceeds of a securities offering previously earmarked for the UAL buy-out .
The London embassy conjectured that Anglo-American relations might suffer if Labour returned to office . 
She might now resent being asked to rush to the aid of her rival , the exotic white-skinned educated foreigner who so fascinated her husband . 
She never moved or relaxed her watchfulness ; but in her very stillness there was something of violence , as though a touch might cause her to spring into startling and daunting life . 
Campbell focuses on girl shoplifters , but it should be stressed that other females who shoplift , perhaps pensioners or single parents , might do so for more basic material needs . 
Allow me to congratulate you on having so respectable and well - judging a friend , and to join in his wish that the living -- it is about two hundred a - year -- were much more considerable , and such as might better enable you to -- as might be more than a temporary accommodation to yourself -- such , in short , as might establish all your views of happiness ."
We cannot pretend to keep him on anarchist business ; he might swallow much in that way , but not the notion of stopping in Calais while the Czar went safely through Paris .
It was possible that he might stop in his way home to ask them how they did .
The brows of Dr Hood were drawn down darkly , but the eyes under them were bright with something that might be anger or might be amusement .
From them I go This uncouth errand sole , and one for all Myself expose , with lonely steps to tread Th ' unfounded Deep , and through the void immense To search , with wandering quest , a place foretold Should be -- and , by concurring signs , ere now Created vast and round -- a place of bliss In the purlieus of Heaven ; and therein placed A race of upstart creatures , to supply Perhaps our vacant room , though more removed , Lest Heaven , surcharged with potent multitude , Might hap to move new broils .
You might take an unexpected turning just because it feels right , and discover a lovely place to eat . 
Arguably , assessment of performance should not be mixed with educational supervision , though manpower considerations might necessitate such a dual role for the educational supervisor . 
There was no comfort in having him in London ; he might as well be at Enscombe ; but Richmond was the very distance for easy intercourse .
That might go over .
Bohl did n't say when Germany might decide .
It occurred to me that you might be interested in some thoughts which I expressed privately in recent years , in the hope of clearing up a certain confusion in the public mind about what foreign policy is all about and what it means , and of developing a certain compassion for those who are carrying such responsibilities inside Government .
he might be Mrs. Meeker's murderer or have played some part in her death .
16 : 21 O that one might plead for a man with God , as a man pleadeth for his neighbour !
You do not feel inhibited because you have n't prepared adequately or fear that other people might catch you out or ridicule you .
She gave him credit for stationing himself where he might gaze and gaze again without offence ; but was really obliged to put an end to it , and request him to place himself elsewhere .
There are several reasons why certain terrorist groups or individuals might favor the use of CBW over other kinds of weapons:
But Kerkorian has increasingly griped that the company 's stock does n't reflect its true value , which had long been seen as a sign that he might try to buy Chrysler or gain a controlling stake .
SPENDING Christmas zapping aliens or helping Sonic the Hedgehog to dodge graphic nasties might sound mindless to parents -- but it could be great mental exercise for thousands of computer game-crazy youngsters . 
" The Lakeman now patrolled the barricade , all the while keeping his eye on the Captain , and jerking out such sentences as these :--' It ' s not our fault ; we didn ' t want it ; I told him to take his hammer away ; it was boy ' s business ; he might have known me before this ; I told him not to prick the buffalo ; I believe I have broken a finger here against his cursed jaw ; ain ' t those mincing knives down in the forecastle there , men ?
By putting on special clothes and performing certain rituals , a priestess might be transformed into an epiphany of the goddess . 
" Might I speak to you a moment ?"
` Well , she might have been angry with him , " Adele chattered on , ` but he 's not the sort of man one can ignore , is he ? 
But for the quick thinking of the two officers -- the first with his hunch about north Wales , the second with her code breaking -- we might have lost the whole team . " 
After this he or she might do supplementary work , at higher rates of pay , for private individuals who need their apartment painted or television repaired . 
It is just possible that , given the choice , they might prefer the risk of an occasional torn ear or scratched nose to the certainty of a totally sexless adult life . 
An amateur decorator might try her hand at a pair during the long winter evenings , and , by picking up her living room color scheme , add a decorative do-it-yourself note to the room .
But listen not to his temptations , warn Thy weaker ; let it profit thee to have heard , By terrible example , the reward Of disobedience ; firm they might have stood , Yet fell ; remember , and fear to transgress .
Still , even in such languages tone analysis has not been as simple as one might expect .
Such a difference might have resulted from : 1 .
And , when she reached the wireless office , men who might resent her being there and fiends who transmitted Morse at devilish speeds …
However , the dead were also afraid of the living , who might desecrate their tombs , destroy their bodies and thereby bring about the eternal annihilation of their identities . 
Awe-inspiring in size and design , often with highly decorated interiors and fine chapels , they are far from being the forbidding and depressing places one might expect . 
If Mrs. Black was who he thought she was , Mr. Black's Peerless selling days might well be over .
There was still the faintest of chances that Mickey Annan might still be among the living . 
30 : 41 And it came to pass , whensoever the stronger cattle did conceive , that Jacob laid the rods before the eyes of the cattle in the gutters , that they might conceive among the rods .
I might have got hit by that truck if it wasn't for you .
` My parents might have spent every penny they earned on helping their out-of-work friends , but Gran brought me up to be thrifty and never to get into debt . " 
It is made up of tumbling , which might be said to start with a somersault , run through such stunts as headstands , handstands , cartwheels , backbends , and culminate in nearly impossible combinations of aerial flips and twists and apparatus work .
Other flowers we might gather as we pleased : myrtle and white violets from beneath the lilacs ; ;
She could soon sit upright on the sofa , and began to hope she might be able to leave it by dinner - time .
However , if car assembly were to end then Dagenham 's wheel plant might also disappear . 
" Might he be trusted with the commission , what infinite pleasure should he have in executing it !
The survey upon which these findings were based did not provide sufficient details of personal characteristics for us to be able to take account of the influences certain of these might have exerted . 
Antonin Scalia cast his two votes ( his own and Clarence Thomas ' ) with dissenting Justice Anthony Kennedy , who argued that the decision might limit the influence of the very rich , or so I understand it .
The lawyer plods , quite care - worn ; the physician is up at all hours , and travelling in all weather ; and even the clergyman --" she stopt a moment to consider what might do for the clergyman ;--" and even the clergyman , you know is obliged to go into infected rooms , and expose his health and looks to all the injury of a poisonous atmosphere .
Unwittingly here a secret has been divulged , which perhaps might more properly , in set way , have been disclosed before .
The first was the ultra-nationalist core of his political support , which might react badly to the suggestion that the Fatherland was being " sold " to foreigners -- and liberal democratic foreigners at that .
12 : 18 For ye are not come unto the mount that might be touched , and that burned with fire , nor unto blackness , and darkness , and tempest , 12 : 19 And the sound of a trumpet , and the voice of words ; which voice they that heard intreated that the word should not be spoken to them any more : 12 : 20 ( For they could not endure that which was commanded , And if so much as a beast touch the mountain , it shall be stoned , or thrust through with a dart : 12 : 21 And so terrible was the sight , that Moses said , I exceedingly fear and quake :) 12 : 22 But ye are come unto mount Sion , and unto the city of the living God , the heavenly Jerusalem , and to an innumerable company of angels , 12 : 23 To the general assembly and church of the firstborn , which are written in heaven , and to God the Judge of all , and to the spirits of just men made perfect , 12 : 24 And to Jesus the mediator of the new covenant , and to the blood of sprinkling , that speaketh better things than that of Abel .
He hoped she might make some amends for the many very plain faces he was continually passing in the streets .
30 : 34 And Laban said , Behold , I would it might be according to thy word .
3 : 28 Then Nebuchadnezzar spake , and said , Blessed be the God of Shadrach , Meshach , and Abednego , who hath sent his angel , and delivered his servants that trusted in him , and have changed the king ' s word , and yielded their bodies , that they might not serve nor worship any god , except their own God .
I think he might be '' , Conrad said grimly .
And she began thinking over other children she knew , who might do very well as pigs , and was just saying to herself , ' if one only knew the right way to change them --' when she was a little startled by seeing the Cheshire Cat sitting on a bough of a tree a few yards off .
In which case she might just as well be punctual for their mutually unwelcome assignation , rather than give him cause for further sarcasm at her expense ! 
I might remark ` Bless me , Father , for I have sinned " .
These beams and rafters are burned quite black like charcoal , except those that were found in moist places , which have more the colour of rotten wood , and which are like a soft paste , into which you might run your hand .
" I wonder he did not remember the book "-- was all Harriet ' s answer , and spoken with a degree of grave displeasure which Emma thought might be safely left to itself .
It tasted something as I should conceive a royal cutlet from the thigh of Louis le Gros might have tasted , supposing him to have been killed the first day after the venison season , and that particular venison season contemporary with an unusually fine vintage of the vineyards of Champagne .
And , with a horrified shudder , it occurred to Folly that if she stayed any longer in the corridor she might hear more than talking in the room beyond the door . 
Who , in passing , it might be noted , wore not boots nor shoes but canvas sneakers . 
I expect the Establishment Division refused to supply her with a tape-recorder ( and for good reason , one might think ) , so she 's brought one of her children 's instead .
The Woonsocket Patriot admitted that John Brown might deserve punishment or imprisonment `` but he should no more be hung than Henry A. Wise or James Buchanan '' .
Alexander died : Alexander was buried : Alexander returneth into dust ; the dust is earth ; of earth we make Lome , and why of that Lome ( whereto he was conuerted ) might they not stopp a Beere - barrell ?
9 : 17 For the scripture saith unto Pharaoh , Even for this same purpose have I raised thee up , that I might shew my power in thee , and that my name might be declared throughout all the earth .
Marry , before he fell downe , when he perceiu ' d the common Heard was glad he refus ' d the Crowne , he pluckt me ope his Doublet , and offer ' d them his Throat to cut : and I had beene a man of any Occupation , if I would not haue taken him at a word , I would I might goe to Hell among the Rogues , and so hee fell .
In Washington City everyone lived in a bubble of plots , and one death might attract another .
He wondered if he might bag a tourist , but they looked frightened of him .
there might even be two or more candidates for voters to choose from .
Whenever one had been cut down and carried away the others talked about it , and nodded their heads , and the Little Fir Tree listened , and heard them say that when you were carried away so , you might become the mast of a mighty ship , and go far away over the ocean , and see many wonderful things ; or you might be part of a fine house in a great city , and see much of life .
These were the prime in order and in might : The rest were long to tell ; though far renowned Th ' Ionian gods -- of Javan ' s issue held Gods , yet confessed later than Heaven and Earth , Their boasted parents ;-- Titan , Heaven ' s first - born , With his enormous brood , and birthright seized By younger Saturn : he from mightier Jove , His own and Rhea ' s son , like measure found ; So Jove usurping reigned .
If Buster hadn ' t been so frightened himself , he might have recognized that second yell as one of fright , for that is what it was .
He might barge into a gallery , start haggling over prices without so much as a word of greeting .
10 : 17 Therefore doth my Father love me , because I lay down my life , that I might take it again .
No significant differences were noted suggesting that randomization created comparable groups Also , in looking at the comparison of Groups 1 and 3 at baseline , we are able to rule out historical effects , that is , the presence of any systematic tobacco programs or policies that might have impacted our dependent variables .
As Mayor , Mr. Levitt might turn out to be more independent than some of his leading supporters would like .
" There is hardly any personal defect ," replied Anne , " which an agreeable manner might not gradually reconcile one to ."
Rush is one of that group of people who coalesced in the early 70s and saw the signs that the tide might be moving in the right direction , and that they could influence its course . 
4 : 21 So when they had further threatened them , they let them go , finding nothing how they might punish them , because of the people : for all men glorified God for that which was done .
But CAA clients might feel they have been lied to because Ovitz and his associates said he was neither interested in the job nor negotiating for it .
` Can you suggest any reason why anyone might have wanted to kill Matthew ? "
` Well , when a girl 's sufferin' desperate times , she might as well nick something nice , " said Dolly . 
The company said Mr. Franco developed a plan to establish a business that might be competitive with Capital Holding Corp. 's Accumulation and Investment Group , which Mr. Franco headed .
" A woman of seven and twenty ," said Marianne , after pausing a moment , " can never hope to feel or inspire affection again , and if her home be uncomfortable , or her fortune small , I can suppose that she might bring herself to submit to the offices of a nurse , for the sake of the provision and security of a wife .
He studied the problem for a few seconds and thought of a means by which it might be solved .
The motive was too common to be wondered at ; but the means , however they might succeed by establishing his superiority in ill - breeding , were not likely to attach any one to him except his wife .
3 : 4 God forbid : yea , let God be true , but every man a liar ; as it is written , That thou mightest be justified in thy sayings , and mightest overcome when thou art judged .
" I am afraid ," said the Professor in his mirthful way , looking back along the white road on which the black , crawling patch might appear at any moment , " I am afraid we have hardly time for afternoon calls ."
2 : 6 And now ye know what withholdeth that he might be revealed in his time .
The two-thirds who have n't tried to make their portfolios more recession-resistant were split about evenly between investors who `` do n't believe in trying to predict the markets '' -LRB- about 31 % -RRB- and investors who `` do n't expect a recession '' -LRB- about 15 % -RRB- or are `` unsure if and when a recession might come '' -LRB- about 22 % -RRB- .
The men firing those guns , manning the walls , shooting from the high galleries might not amount to much more than half that number . 
Indeed it was scarcely reasonable to expect that a boy who had been educated to think that he might cheat every customer he could in the way of trade , should be afterwards scrupulously honest in his conduct towards the father whose proverbs encouraged his childhood in cunning .
It was fair to presume that being a harpooneer , his linen or woollen , as the case might be , would not be of the tidiest , certainly none of the finest .
" I met Mrs . Jennings in Bond Street ," said he , after the first salutation , " and she encouraged me to come on ; and I was the more easily encouraged , because I thought it probable that I might find you alone , which I was very desirous of doing .
He was reckoned very handsome ; his person much admired in general , though not by her , there being a want of elegance of feature which she could not dispense with :-- but the girl who could be gratified by a Robert Martin ' s riding about the country to get walnuts for her might very well be conquered by Mr . Elton ' s admiration .
But now that they 're settling down and raising families , might they also show more stability in their brand choices ?
5 : 25 Husbands , love your wives , even as Christ also loved the church , and gave himself for it ; 5 : 26 That he might sanctify and cleanse it with the washing of water by the word , 5 : 27 That he might present it to himself a glorious church , not having spot , or wrinkle , or any such thing ; but that it should be holy and without blemish .
Unaccountable , however , as the circumstances of his release might appear to the whole family , it was certain that Edward was free ; and to what purpose that freedom would be employed was easily pre - determined by all ;-- for after experiencing the blessings of ONE imprudent engagement , contracted without his mother ' s consent , as he had already done for more than four years , nothing less could be expected of him in the failure of THAT , than the immediate contraction of another .
His shout had been involuntary , something anybody might have done without thinking , on the spur of the moment .
He was as courteous as ever when he showed me out , but since the night 's events I 'd had the feeling of a threat gathering , and I sensed that Jules might be part of that . 
Although I had n't seen her in over thirty years , there was one person in the world who might help me : my sister .
She might be light-headed with fear , but she would not give this vile creature the pleasure of seeing it . 
16 : 10 And Delilah said unto Samson , Behold , thou hast mocked me , and told me lies : now tell me , I pray thee , wherewith thou mightest be bound .
Had the Pages ' passion been for Lalique glass , the family might have felt constrained to creep about gingerly on tiptoe . 
About them round A lion now he stalks with fiery glare ; Then as a tiger , who by chance hath spied In some purlieu two gentle fawns at play , Straight couches close , then , rising , changes oft His couchant watch , as one who chose his ground , Whence rushing , he might surest seize them both , Griped in each paw : when , Adam first of men To first of women Eve thus moving speech , Turned him , all ear to hear new utterance flow .
Mr. Philip Toynbee affirms at one point that if he shared the anticipations of Orwell in Nineteen Eighty-Four , if he believed Communism was not only evil but `` also irredeemably evil '' , then he might `` think it right to do anything rather than to take the risk of a communist world .
And Keith's record of kills made him a man to listen to -- a man paradoxically , who might even survive .
She mulled over what the object might be . 
My object , rather , is to alert you to an aspect or two of the affair that could have the gravest implications for you , far beyond the legal sanctions society might inflict .
Some inside the Soviet Union say the troops show the U S remain ready to use its military might .
The hope expressed by Harrowby twenty years earlier , that the spirit of science might be imported into politics , is to some extent realized in Frankland 's Discourse . 
but such old friends as Lucy and me !-- I think she might see US ; and I am sure we would not speak a word ."
Marianne ' s ideas were still , at intervals , fixed incoherently on her mother , and whenever she mentioned her name , it gave a pang to the heart of poor Elinor , who , reproaching herself for having trifled with so many days of illness , and wretched for some immediate relief , fancied that all relief might soon be in vain , that every thing had been delayed too long , and pictured to herself her suffering mother arriving too late to see this darling child , or to see her rational .
When this had fallen on him he lifted his head a little and blinked at the intruders with short - sighted benevolence , but with far less surprise than might have been expected .
This cannon , too , had been fired a great deal and although its muzzle had shown no distortion Harry had an uneasy feeling that it might soon be about to burst . 
When the plough was made he put a hole in the beam of it , and got the lion to go in under the plough so that he might see if he was any good as a ploughman .
Impatient in this situation to be doing something that might lead to her sister ' s relief , Elinor resolved to write the next morning to her mother , and hoped by awakening her fears for the health of Marianne , to procure those inquiries which had been so long delayed ; and she was still more eagerly bent on this measure by perceiving after breakfast on the morrow , that Marianne was again writing to Willoughby , for she could not suppose it to be to any other person .
It did n't occur to you that we go away from here to be private , that our holidays are our own affair , that it might humiliate me to have Edwin Lorrimer know that I ca n't afford to take you to Venice , even on a ten-day package tour . 
Al Wafa is one of the organisations whose assets have been frozen in the United States amid suspicions that it might be giving support to Osama Bin Laden 's al-Qaeda network .
But , he told us , he now wondered how that action was connected to what might need to be done in Somalia , Yemen , or Iraq .
If any other man thinketh that he hath whereof he might trust in the flesh , I more : 3 : 5 Circumcised the eighth day , of the stock of Israel , of the tribe of Benjamin , an Hebrew of the Hebrews ; as touching the law , a Pharisee ; 3 : 6 Concerning zeal , persecuting the church ; touching the righteousness which is in the law , blameless .
But in the past there was certainly considerable diversity in secondary schools at least about what subjects were compulsory for all pupils , and how soon they might give them up .
This section is therefore designed to show how the companies scan their environments to identify these fundamental and broad-ranging changes that might have an impact on the companies ' future outlook . 
" Has Major Putnam ," he asked , " got any Eastern curios , idols , weapons and so on , from which one might get a hint ?"
Firms might hold such stocks so that when faced with an unexpectedly high level of demand they can meet it without recourse to a sharp and possibly very costly increase in production . 
He might have lost those threads when he climbed over the rail during the search . " 
26 : 45 But I will for their sakes remember the covenant of their ancestors , whom I brought forth out of the land of Egypt in the sight of the heathen , that I might be their God : I am the LORD .
If receiving water is used as dilution water , caution must be exercised in exposing the test organisms to it , because of the possibility that it might be toxic .
3 : 7 For yourselves know how ye ought to follow us : for we behaved not ourselves disorderly among you ; 3 : 8 Neither did we eat any man ' s bread for nought ; but wrought with labour and travail night and day , that we might not be chargeable to any of you : 3 : 9 Not because we have not power , but to make ourselves an ensample unto you to follow us .
18 : 27 And when he was disposed to pass into Achaia , the brethren wrote , exhorting the disciples to receive him : who , when he was come , helped them much which had believed through grace : 18 : 28 For he mightily convinced the Jews , and that publickly , shewing by the scriptures that Jesus was Christ .
Increasingly , the teaching staff participate fully , but the governors and senior management might consider broadening the process to include non-teaching staff and the parents who , after all , are the clients .
That man next him looks a few shades lighter ; you might say a touch of satin wood is in him .
the other was equally brave ;) Now be witness again , paint the mightiest armies of earth , Of those armies so rapid so wondrous what saw you to tell us ?
You might be interested to know that baseball , not survival , appeared to be the first thought of most of the crowd of 60,000-odd that had gathered at Candlestick at 5:04 p.m. Tuesday , a half-hour before game time , when the quake struck .
Dealers said the day 's action was featureless outside some response to sterling 's early weakness against the mark , and fears that Wall Street might open lower after its strong leap forward Thursday .
2 : 12 Now we have received , not the spirit of the world , but the spirit which is of God ; that we might know the things that are freely given to us of God .
Course -- it might just have been an accident , bumping into me like that , but even then he 'd know I was in town .
However , if Congress were to adopt a strong resolution of disapproval Clinton might be forced to shelve the agreement .
Whatever the truth of it might be , and far as Elinor was from feeling thorough contentment about it , yet while she saw Marianne in spirits , she could not be very uncomfortable herself .
At one point he even cheerfully admitted that he might not be a real scientist at all .
Unsuitability might mean that these universities are researching in areas not covered by the mainstream journals , but inspection of the thesis titles does not support this . 
Training events arranged by the RSCM and other organisations seldom attract those who need them most , perhaps for fear that their inadequacies might be revealed . 
He urged them to back the Brady plan , pointing to the socio-political unrest that might follow the failure to provide economic support for strategically important developing countries . 
" Oh , the rare old Whale , mid storm and gale In his ocean home will be A giant in might , where might is right , And King of the boundless sea ."
Having trimmed , a man might shut up about it . 
He would stand to it , cost him what it might ."
He paused : and then pausing no more , made good his word , spite of Steelkilt ' s threat , whatever that might have been .
It was a flimsy pretext and might not get me anywhere , but it was the best I could do at such short notice .
She knew that at times she must be missed ; and could not think , without pain , of Emma ' s losing a single pleasure , or suffering an hour ' s ennui , from the want of her companionableness : but dear Emma was of no feeble character ; she was more equal to her situation than most girls would have been , and had sense , and energy , and spirits that might be hoped would bear her well and happily through its little difficulties and privations .
Poor Giles was the same ; and I think the atmosphere of coins might count in excuse for him ; though he really did wrong and nearly went to prison .
He might even have Harriet in his thoughts at the moment ; who could say ?
and they might be able to fix it .
He will advise you on the inheritance tax your estate might incur and ways in which this may be reduced . 
So saying , through each thicket dank or dry , Like a black mist low - creeping , he held on His midnight - search , where soonest he might find The serpent ; him fast - sleeping soon he found In labyrinth of many a round self - rolled , His head the midst , well stored with subtile wiles : Not yet in horrid shade or dismal den , Nor nocent yet ; but , on the grassy herb , Fearless unfeared he slept : in at his mouth The Devil entered ; and his brutal sense , In heart or head , possessing , soon inspired With act intelligential ; but his sleep Disturbed not , waiting close the approach of morn .
I wish her extremely well : and , no doubt , there are men who might not object to -- Every body has their level : but as for myself , I am not , I think , quite so much at a loss .
51 : 30 The mighty men of Babylon have forborn to fight , they have remained in their holds : their might hath failed ; they became as women : they have burned her dwellingplaces ; her bars are broken .
It was so with Elizabeth , still the same handsome Miss Elliot that she had begun to be thirteen years ago , and Sir Walter might be excused , therefore , in forgetting her age , or , at least , be deemed only half a fool , for thinking himself and Elizabeth as blooming as ever , amidst the wreck of the good looks of everybody else ; for he could plainly see how old all the rest of his family and acquaintance were growing .
Sturley thought that this matter might be `` the rest of the tithes and the College houses and landes in our towne '' .
Caes I must preuent thee Cymber : These couchings , and these lowly courtesies Might fire the blood of ordinary men , And turne pre - Ordinance , and first Decree Into the lane of Children .
Or , he might remind Fromm that the 41 per cent figure is really astonishingly low : after all , the medieval guild system was dedicated to the proposition that 100 per cent of the workers ought to turn out only the average amount ; ;
And if he did stand on the margins of modernity , it was not in dying a martyr for such unity as Papal supremacy might be able to force on Western Christendom .
Should the result of her observations be unfavourable , she was determined at all events to open the eyes of her sister ; should it be otherwise , her exertions would be of a different nature -- she must then learn to avoid every selfish comparison , and banish every regret which might lessen her satisfaction in the happiness of Marianne .
If this be true , the possibility exists that an occlusive lesion of the bronchial arteries might cause widespread degeneration of supportive tissue similar to that seen in generalized emphysema .
Such situations might include the routine repeat purchase of washing up liquid , sweets or cigarettes . 
However hard he strove , his destiny was fixed at birth by his parents ' position , and such limited social mobility as might be achieved was rationalized ( and thus concealed ) in the language of kinship . 
Anne , amused in spite of herself , was rather distressed for an answer , and the Admiral , fearing he might not have been civil enough , took up the subject again , to say --
The interest of two thousand pounds -- how can a man live on it ?-- and when to that is added the recollection , that he might , but for his own folly , within three months have been in the receipt of two thousand , five hundred a - year ( for Miss Morton has thirty thousand pounds ,) I cannot picture to myself a more wretched condition .
But because it was a suspense gangster story of the Capone era , many of us felt that it might catch on for a run in Chicago , continue as a road company , and eventually become a movie .
Once the dieter starts to lose weight and feels more energetic it might be time to consider further possibilities . 
Young and gentle as she was , it might yet have been possible to withstand her father ' s ill - will , though unsoftened by one kind word or look on the part of her sister ; but Lady Russell , whom she had always loved and relied on , could not , with such steadiness of opinion , and such tenderness of manner , be continually advising her in vain .
When humans cut down the forest , it might be replaced by a permanent grassland because the soil itself had been modified in a way that prevented the trees from reseeding themselves . 
A decision to refer workers to jobs vacant because of a strike would have to be applied equally to nonagricultural situations , and might in effect place the public employment services in the position of acting as strikebreakers .
His tunic of undressed deer-skin was patched with mole and tied about with a thong that might long ago have been the tail of a beast . 
20 : 30 And many other signs truly did Jesus in the presence of his disciples , which are not written in this book : 20 : 31 But these are written , that ye might believe that Jesus is the Christ , the Son of God ; and that believing ye might have life through his name .
I think it would be much better if they would come in one afternoon next summer , and take their tea with us -- take us in their afternoon walk ; which they might do , as our hours are so reasonable , and yet get home without being out in the damp of the evening .
And yet here are two gentlemen stuck up in it mightily at their ease , and looking about them at the rocks and mountains , as if they were not to be upset the next moment , which they certainly must be .
We decided to begin our search in the deep midwaters on the basis of the results mentioned above , even though , at first sight , biological considerations might have suggested that inshore waters were more promising . 
( When you see him , you'll notice his habit of fingering , I might almost say , stroking a large mole with black hairs on it , by his right temple .
There had been occasions when some of the more experienced had even addressed her in what might have been perfectly good Japanese .
4 : 1 When Mordecai perceived all that was done , Mordecai rent his clothes , and put on sackcloth with ashes , and went out into the midst of the city , and cried with a loud and a bitter cry ; 4 : 2 And came even before the king ' s gate : for none might enter into the king ' s gate clothed with sackcloth .
` It was as much hers as it was Terry 's , I suppose , but the Bank he heisted it from might think it had a prior claim . 
Abashed glances of servile wonder were exchanged by the sailors , as this was said ; and with fascinated eyes they awaited whatever magic might follow .
" I cannot make speeches , Emma :" he soon resumed ; and in a tone of such sincere , decided , intelligible tenderness as was tolerably convincing .--" If I loved you less , I might be able to talk about it more .
Lewis , whose youthful enthusiasm had been for Norse sagas and the verse tales of William Morris , seems to have been converted to Christianity by considering whether the Christian myth might not , after all ` be something more than a fiction . 
It might be imagined by those who are not themselves Anglican that the habit of ` going to confession " is limited only to markedly ` High " churches , but this is not necessarily the case . 
17 : 24 God that made the world and all things therein , seeing that he is Lord of heaven and earth , dwelleth not in temples made with hands ; 17 : 25 Neither is worshipped with men ' s hands , as though he needed any thing , seeing he giveth to all life , and breath , and all things ; 17 : 26 And hath made of one blood all nations of men for to dwell on all the face of the earth , and hath determined the times before appointed , and the bounds of their habitation ; 17 : 27 That they should seek the Lord , if haply they might feel after him , and find him , though he be not far from every one of us : 17 : 28 For in him we live , and move , and have our being ; as certain also of your own poets have said , For we are also his offspring .
Not a mightier whale than this In the vast Atlantic is ; Not a fatter fish than he , Flounders round the Polar Sea ."
Again , she felt she was only entertaining him as he might have been entertained by a clever child . 
The woman eyed the youth with the avidity a coin collector might display toward a rare doubloon which is not yet in his collection .
Maggie had thought there might be a sign of deference in the fat girl 's voice when she replied to the somewhat intimidating supervisor , but there was n't . 
Now must we grind with all our might -- and , behold !
25 : 20 But Amaziah would not hear ; for it came of God , that he might deliver them into the hand of their enemies , because they sought after the gods of Edom .
23 : 25 And like unto him was there no king before him , that turned to the LORD with all his heart , and with all his soul , and with all his might , according to all the law of Moses ; neither after him arose there any like him .
28 : 13 But the word of the LORD was unto them precept upon precept , precept upon precept ; line upon line , line upon line ; here a little , and there a little ; that they might go , and fall backward , and be broken , and snared , and taken .
Be that as it may , a later Australian visitor to English drizzle might feel nostalgic when thinking of the parched and thirsty but water-obsessed vocabulary developed in the drier areas of our sunburnt land .
" It might have been a very sad accident ."
O Woman , best are all things as the will Of God ordained them : His creating hand Nothing imperfect or deficient left Of all that he created , much less Man , Or aught that might his happy state secure , Secure from outward force ; within himself The danger lies , yet lies within his power : Against his will he can receive no harm .
They found they had bought stock from limit orders that they might have entered weeks or months earlier and had forgotten to cancel .
However , there is always the remote possibility that you might run down and injure someone in the water , which could cost you as much as £100,000 ! 
21 : 32 For John came unto you in the way of righteousness , and ye believed him not : but the publicans and the harlots believed him : and ye , when ye had seen it , repented not afterward , that ye might believe him .
Perhaps I might tell more .
) She might now have taken it away again .
Unsuitability might mean that these universities are researching in areas not covered by the mainstream journals , but inspection of the thesis titles does not support this .
Today it espouses certain ideas in its curriculum that other institutions might consider somewhat breathtaking .
And if they 're hurt , then they might hurt me back , so really I 'm just being safe and secure .
Boulnois might commit a murder , but not this murder .
I was comforting myself , however , with the thought that in pious Bildad might be found some salvation , spite of his seven hundred and seventy - seventh lay ; when I felt a sudden sharp poke in my rear , and turning round , was horrified at the apparition of Captain Peleg in the act of withdrawing his leg from my immediate vicinity .
It might be a pretty upsetting business . " 
Th ' undaunted Fiend what this might be admired -- Admired , not feared ( God and his Son except , Created thing naught valued he nor shunned ), And with disdainful look thus first began :-- " Whence and what art thou , execrable Shape , That dar ' st , though grim and terrible , advance Thy miscreated front athwart my way To yonder gates ?
The overall effect was probably to stimulate more party activity in the communal elections than might have otherwise taken place .
He dreaded that it might be unforgivable . 
For instance , if you were INSIDE , you might knock , and I could let you out , you know .'
119 : 11 Thy word have I hid in mine heart , that I might not sin against thee .
Their fates , their fortunes , cannot be the same ; and had the natural sweet disposition of the one been guarded by a firmer mind , or a happier marriage , she might have been all that you will live to see the other be .
The county committee were , at that point , very understanding and there was an unspoken understanding that Morris might , at some future date , return to the post .
3 : 15 And as the people were in expectation , and all men mused in their hearts of John , whether he were the Christ , or not ; 3 : 16 John answered , saying unto them all , I indeed baptize you with water ; but one mightier than I cometh , the latchet of whose shoes I am not worthy to unloose : he shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost and with fire : 3 : 17 Whose fan is in his hand , and he will throughly purge his floor , and will gather the wheat into his garner ; but the chaff he will burn with fire unquenchable .
So Alice got up and ran off , thinking while she ran , as well she might , what a wonderful dream it had been .
My choice of industry might seem surprising , in view of my wish to make some sort of contribution to the world 's well-being . 
It sounded quite plausible written down , and swapping cards was the sort of spiteful thing Karen might have done . 
Elinor had some difficulty here to refrain from observing , that she thought Fanny might have borne with composure , an acquisition of wealth to her brother , by which neither she nor her child could be possibly impoverished .
Roger de Merlay , however , interpreted his charter to mean that his woodwards might carry bows and arrows within their bailiwicks , and in September 1259 obtained judgement in his favour on appeal to the king .
Analysts say USAir stock might lose four or five points if the Steinhardt stake was dumped all at once .
In the course of the first week she only hinted to Mr . Montague that " some people thought his system of education rather odd ; that she should be obliged to him if he would , some time or other , when he had nothing else to do , just sit down and make her understand his notions , that she might have something to say to her acquaintance , as she always wished to have when she heard any friend attacked , or any friend ' s opinions ."
So saying , on he led his radiant files , Dazzling the moon ; these to the bower direct In search of whom they sought : Him there they found Squat like a toad , close at the ear of Eve , Assaying by his devilish art to reach The organs of her fancy , and with them forge Illusions , as he list , phantasms and dreams ; Or if , inspiring venom , he might taint The animal spirits , that from pure blood arise Like gentle breaths from rivers pure , thence raise At least distempered , discontented thoughts , Vain hopes , vain aims , inordinate desires , Blown up with high conceits ingendering pride .
Although the available evidence argues against a role in germinal vesicle breakdown , these calcium spikes might control associated events such as cytoplasmic maturation .
He only recommends that Public Assistance Committees might be approached , but makes it optional and not obligatory .
Mr . Elton must smile less , and Mr . John Knightley more , to fit them for the place .-- Emma only might be as nature prompted , and shew herself just as happy as she was .
They visited in Laura Place , they had the cards of Dowager Viscountess Dalrymple , and the Honourable Miss Carteret , to be arranged wherever they might be most visible : and " Our cousins in Laura Place ,"--" Our cousin , Lady Dalrymple and Miss Carteret ," were talked of to everybody .
He wanted to know how early he might be admitted to - morrow .
Directly below this arm , also emerging from one of the circular indents on the midriff , was the gun , suggesting each circle was a panel behind which lay other implements the Dalek might use if required . 
Mrs. Benington admired Gordon's spirit and did what she could to persuade her husband that the boy might help the team .
Amazement seised The rebel Thrones , but greater rage , to see Thus foiled their mightiest ; ours joy filled , and shout , Presage of victory , and fierce desire Of battle : Whereat Michael bid sound The Arch - Angel trumpet ; through the vast of Heaven It sounded , and the faithful armies rung Hosanna to the Highest : Nor stood at gaze The adverse legions , nor less hideous joined The horrid shock .
`` There might be a story in it '' .
The illusion persisted that the British might have succeeded if their diplomacy had been more sensitive and subtle , and if Macmillan himself had been more alive to the timing of the presidential election .
6 : 7 And the scribes and Pharisees watched him , whether he would heal on the sabbath day ; that they might find an accusation against him .
Harriet turned away ; but Emma could receive him with the usual smile , and her quick eye soon discerned in his the consciousness of having made a push -- of having thrown a die ; and she imagined he was come to see how it might turn up .
His spirits had been greatly recovering lately as might be expected .
Mightier than Egypt ' s tombs , Fairer than Grecia ' s , Roma ' s temples , Prouder than Milan ' s statued , spired cathedral , More picturesque than Rhenish castle - keeps , We plan even now to raise , beyond them all , Thy great cathedral sacred industry , no tomb , A keep for life for practical invention .
However much a politician might desire to avoid involvement in the collectorship contests , it was virtually impossible to escape being drawn in if the friends were involved . 
Deane waddled about seemingly distracted by something ( not the ball I might add ) and when he had a clear chance he headed it safely into the arms of Grobblebum . 
But why might potential buyers of financial assets delay their transactions and instead hold their wealth in a perfectly liquid form with a zero or low yield , e.g. cash or current account deposits ?
You might try drinking mineral water or fruit juice or one of the many varieties of herbal teas with their delicate and delicious flavours . 
Thou knewest that I was an austere man , taking up that I laid not down , and reaping that I did not sow : 19 : 23 Wherefore then gavest not thou my money into the bank , that at my coming I might have required mine own with usury ?
` His thumb had been completely ripped off but he was just worried that he might need stitches . 
27 : 12 And because the haven was not commodious to winter in , the more part advised to depart thence also , if by any means they might attain to Phenice , and there to winter ; which is an haven of Crete , and lieth toward the south west and north west .
There is a cave Within the mount of God , fast by his throne , Where light and darkness in perpetual round Lodge and dislodge by turns , which makes through Heaven Grateful vicissitude , like day and night ; Light issues forth , and at the other door Obsequious darkness enters , till her hour To veil the Heaven , though darkness there might well Seem twilight here : And now went forth the Morn Such as in highest Heaven arrayed in gold Empyreal ; from before her vanished Night , Shot through with orient beams ; when all the plain Covered with thick embattled squadrons bright , Chariots , and flaming arms , and fiery steeds , Reflecting blaze on blaze , first met his view : War he perceived , war in procinct ; and found Already known what he for news had thought To have reported : Gladly then he mixed Among those friendly Powers , who him received With joy and acclamations loud , that one , That of so many myriads fallen , yet one Returned not lost .
11 : 7 Have I committed an offence in abasing myself that ye might be exalted , because I have preached to you the gospel of God freely ?
Luckily Lady Middleton ' s mother had arrived at Barton within the last hour , and as she was a very cheerful agreeable woman , he hoped the young ladies would not find it so very dull as they might imagine .
Such subjects , as a consequence , might not differ in their test performance from those who were explicitly trained to apply labels .
No effort is made in the same studies to present information on regional or national demand trends in these skills or to consider whether regional or national demands for other skills might provide much better opportunities for the youth to be trained .
4 : 6 Then he answered and spake unto me , saying , This is the word of the LORD unto Zerubbabel , saying , Not by might , nor by power , but by my spirit , saith the LORD of hosts .
The inhibitors might therefore be causing amnesia not because they prevent protein synthesis but because of their effect on increasing amino acid levels .
It has a sort of howdah on its back , and its distended tusked mouth into which the billows are rolling , might be taken for the Traitors ' Gate leading from the Thames by water into the Tower .
By the time you 've booby-trapped your car , or hired an armed guard for it , walked miles , found the crag and avoided the most polished routes you might not consider it worth the hassle . 
The first time Stubb lowered with him , Pip evinced much nervousness ; but happily , for that time , escaped close contact with the whale ; and therefore came off not altogether discreditably ; though Stubb observing him , took care , afterwards , to exhort him to cherish his courageousness to the utmost , for he might often find it needful .
It was creditable to have a sister married , and she might flatter herself with having been greatly instrumental to the connexion , by keeping Anne with her in the autumn ; and as her own sister must be better than her husband ' s sisters , it was very agreeable that Captain Wentworth should be a richer man than either Captain Benwick or Charles Hayter .
The Court of Appeal held that the rule against prior restraint would still operate , given that this defence of justifying the " common sting " of the allegations might succeed at the trial . 
She felt a deep flush of embarrassment crawl up her neck as she gauged how far the sound of her and Mandy 's conversation might have carried . 
In spite of all her faults , she knew she was dear to him ; might she not say , very dear ?-- When the suggestions of hope , however , which must follow here , presented themselves , she could not presume to indulge them .
4 : 6 And the LORD God prepared a gourd , and made it to come up over Jonah , that it might be a shadow over his head , to deliver him from his grief .
A slight difficulty arose about whether he might type the extracts . 
You had to have convictions to lie down in the road in all those clothes and appear as though you might wish to turn yourself out of your own home .
But I might be ready to sign a 23-year-old for such an investment . 
But , given what might have happened to the fragile parts that are at the heart of the microelectronics business , the bulk of Valley companies seemed to be just about shouting hosannas .
Anglers might be tempted into thinking that they may be able to purchase the Bivvy Dome cheaper direct from camping shops , but they must remember , as with many items , various different qualities exist . 
with a deep sigh , that he wished I might find as much happiness in the marriage state as he had done .-- I felt that it would be of a different sort .-- Are you disposed to pity me for what I must have suffered in opening the cause to him , for my suspense while all was at stake ?-- No ; do not pity me till I reached Highbury , and saw how ill I had made her .
Something indirect , mixed , reconciling , tensional might well be the stratagem , the devious technique by which a poet indulged in all kinds of talk about love and anger and even in something like `` expressions '' of these emotions , without aiming at their incitement or even uttering anything that essentially involves their incitement '' .
The expanse of beach was so denuded of any trace of the present century we might have stepped out on to a distant planet . 
Although the banquet and establishment of courtiers and servants was as splendid as possible , there was a feeling in the air which impressed me with the idea that the whole pageant might be ephemeral . 
22 : 41 Thou hast also given me the necks of mine enemies , that I might destroy them that hate me .
He moved into the hallway and in the hazy light falling through the stained-glass window , he might have been Craig . 
And that 's all that 's on the mind of Kansas City quarterback Joe Montana , who might quit after this season .
It sounded to some as though he might be a languid and disdainful aristocrat . 
So strongly and metaphysically did I conceive of my situation then , that while earnestly watching his motions , I seemed distinctly to perceive that my own individuality was now merged in a joint stock company of two ; that my free will had received a mortal wound ; and that another ' s mistake or misfortune might plunge innocent me into unmerited disaster and death .
The gentleman with the glass eye at the next table is discussing civic sculpture with a woman who might be Catherine Deneuve . 
I am not decrying Sara in any way when I say it might have been more sensible for us to choose the leader . " 
It is not clear whether the courts would take the same attitude in relation to a general disclosure in a discretionary customer agreement of the fact that the firm might sometimes act as principal . 
As for herself , she might always command a home with Lady Russell .
A few professional baseball players cultivated eccentricities , with the encouragement of the press , so that they might see their names in big black print , along with Daddy Browning's , Al Capone's , Earl Sande's , and the Prince of Wales' .
He wisht to day our enterprize might thriue : I feare our purpose is discouered
said she , seating herself between Elinor and Marianne , " for it is so bad a day I was afraid you might not come , which would be a shocking thing , as we go away again tomorrow .
One writer of our time might have induced Mrs Woolf to modify her words . 
Whatever pale fears and forebodings some of them might have felt before ; these were not only now kept out of sight through the growing awe of Ahab , but they were broken up , and on all sides routed , as timid prairie hares that scatter before the bounding bison .
3 : 24 Wherefore the law was our schoolmaster to bring us unto Christ , that we might be justified by faith .
" Nay ," cried Mrs . Jennings , " I am sure I shall be monstrous glad of Miss Marianne ' s company , whether Miss Dashwood will go or not , only the more the merrier say I , and I thought it would be more comfortable for them to be together ; because , if they got tired of me , they might talk to one another , and laugh at my old ways behind my back .
Philosophy conceived of as servant to the sciences might appear as less dramatic than philosophy which jeers as the sciences evolve .
She longed for the serenity they might gradually introduce ; and on Mr . Perry ' s coming in soon after dinner , with a disengaged hour to give her father , she lost no time ill hurrying into the shrubbery .-- There , with spirits freshened , and thoughts a little relieved , she had taken a few turns , when she saw Mr . Knightley passing through the garden door , and coming towards her .-- It was the first intimation of his being returned from London .
It provides a pleasant and relaxing place for businessmen to meet and talk about problems they might have and how they cope with them . "
He has a great pack on him like a peddler ; or you might call him the Elephant and Castle whale .
14 : 12 I will smite them with the pestilence , and disinherit them , and will make of thee a greater nation and mightier than they .
I crushed some of the flowers and rubbed them on my forehead as I 'm told it has an invigorating effect on cabbages and thought it might do the same for me . 
22 : 2 And the chief priests and scribes sought how they might kill him ; for they feared the people .
If he had any worries , it was only the small ones , about Mother in New York , and his daughter Edwina and what she might be doing at this hour , with her Aunt Asia , in Philadelphia .
No suspicious flourishes now of apology or concern ; it was the language of real feeling towards Mrs . Weston ; and the transition from Highbury to Enscombe , the contrast between the places in some of the first blessings of social life was just enough touched on to shew how keenly it was felt , and how much more might have been said but for the restraints of propriety .-- The charm of her own name was not wanting .
Back from pursuit thy Powers with loud acclaim Thee only extolled , Son of thy Father ' s might , To execute fierce vengeance on his foes , Not so on Man : Him through their malice fallen , Father of mercy and grace , thou didst not doom So strictly , but much more to pity incline : No sooner did thy dear and only Son Perceive thee purposed not to doom frail Man So strictly , but much more to pity inclined , He to appease thy wrath , and end the strife Of mercy and justice in thy face discerned , Regardless of the bliss wherein he sat Second to thee , offered himself to die For Man ' s offence .
The weather bureau has estimated that radioactive fallout from the test might arrive here next week .
2 : 14 For ye , brethren , became followers of the churches of God which in Judaea are in Christ Jesus : for ye also have suffered like things of your own countrymen , even as they have of the Jews : 2 : 15 Who both killed the Lord Jesus , and their own prophets , and have persecuted us ; and they please not God , and are contrary to all men : 2 : 16 Forbidding us to speak to the Gentiles that they might be saved , to fill up their sins alway : for the wrath is come upon them to the uttermost .
And at this table sat three gentlemen , who might have lived a hundred years ago .
but they might as well unpack their suitcases , for she might linger on .
HE , meanwhile , whatever he might feel , acted with all the firmness of a collected mind , made every necessary arrangement with the utmost despatch , and calculated with exactness the time in which she might look for his return .
My heart was in Highbury , and my business was to get my body thither as often as might be , and with the least suspicion .
But after embattling his facts , an advocate who should wholly suppress a not unreasonable surmise , which might tell eloquently upon his cause -- such an advocate , would he not be blameworthy ?
So I think we might as well go , because we could not refuse , if we would , I say ."
This terrible event clothed the archangel with added influence ; because his credulous disciples believed that he had specifically fore - announced it , instead of only making a general prophecy , which any one might have done , and so have chanced to hit one of many marks in the wide margin allowed .
Yes , indeed , it might have been worse .
That odd sort of wayward mood I am speaking of , comes over a man only in some time of extreme tribulation ; it comes in the very midst of his earnestness , so that what just before might have seemed to him a thing most momentous , now seems but a part of the general joke .
9 : 39 And Jesus said , For judgment I am come into this world , that they which see not might see ; and that they which see might be made blind .
And if the pirates sleep on shore tonight , one of them might have an unpleasant surprise ! " 
Vandalism , for example , might be thought of as a collection of clearly identifiable acts requiring sanction for the simple reason that they offend against the property , both individual and collective , of members in society . 
Mounds might be raised or pagodas built in a flat landscape or on a hilltop plateau . 
The United States might well have exploited the opportunity provided by the European Recovery Program to push the hesitant European nations toward political federation as well as economic cooperation , but all proposals to this effect were rejected by the United States Government at the time .
But while the French did not feel encouraged to emigrate in large numbers , the 50,000 inhabitants of New France moved inland much more boldly than the Abbé Prevost might have made one expect . 
These differences in turn result from the fact that my Yokuts vocabularies were built up of terms selected mainly to insure unambiguity of English meaning between illiterate informants and myself , within a compact and uniform territorial area , but that Hoijer's vocabulary is based on Swadesh's second glottochronological list which aims at eliminating all items which might be culturally or geographically determined .
9 : 24 So the children went in and possessed the land , and thou subduedst before them the inhabitants of the land , the Canaanites , and gavest them into their hands , with their kings , and the people of the land , that they might do with them as they would .
There was no attempt by either Salisbury or Kilmuir to use what one might call a prefect 's influence on the opinion of those they interviewed . 
With the advent of a standardized court vernacular , a cadre of scribes trained to use it , a kingdomwide reliance on the legal and other documents the scribes produced , and the military might to back up such reliance -- under these circumstances , the spread of the king 's English and the king 's French was rapid .
2 : 19 They went out from us , but they were not of us ; for if they had been of us , they would no doubt have continued with us : but they went out , that they might be made manifest that they were not all of us .
A few months hence , and the room now so deserted , occupied but by her silent , pensive self , might be filled again with all that was happy and gay , all that was glowing and bright in prosperous love , all that was most unlike Anne Elliot !
As to the pretence of trying her native air , I look upon that as a mere excuse .-- In the summer it might have passed ; but what can any body ' s native air do for them in the months of January , February , and March ?
If I were completely sober I might just manage to get you back to Brides Haven , but I doubt it . 
A neighbor might call the police to report the suspicious visitors .
Moreover , his values differed little from those of his unlamented father : he was committed to upholding autocracy , the nobility , and Russia 's military might .
City planners do not always use this boundary as effectively as they might .
Then the Captain , with a movement so sudden that it might have been passion or play - acting , took Sir Wilson Seymour by the throat .
Our whole scheme might seem fantastic if laid before a magistrate .
`` Preferably '' , said Carl , `` one battered and worn , such as might be found in a pawnshop '' .
She heard the busy voices in the lane , and she concealed herself behind the high hedge , that she might listen to their conversation .
1 : 1 Now in the first year of Cyrus king of Persia , that the word of the LORD by the mouth of Jeremiah might be fulfilled , the LORD stirred up the spirit of Cyrus king of Persia , that he made a proclamation throughout all his kingdom , and put it also in writing , saying , 1 : 2 Thus saith Cyrus king of Persia , The LORD God of heaven hath given me all the kingdoms of the earth ; and he hath charged me to build him an house at Jerusalem , which is in Judah .
It means that the communication might be less opportunistic and more frequent with the targets selective rather than whomever happens to be in the group . 
What might have been only warmed-over topical journalism turns out to be an eyewitness contribution to history .
Whichever word in the term is used as the main entry point in an index , the user might first seek the subject under the other word in the term . 
While one with moderate hast might tell a hundred
While he spoke , Emma ' s mind was most busy , and , with all the wonderful velocity of thought , had been able -- and yet without losing a word -- to catch and comprehend the exact truth of the whole ; to see that Harriet ' s hopes had been entirely groundless , a mistake , a delusion , as complete a delusion as any of her own -- that Harriet was nothing ; that she was every thing herself ; that what she had been saying relative to Harriet had been all taken as the language of her own feelings ; and that her agitation , her doubts , her reluctance , her discouragement , had been all received as discouragement from herself .-- And not only was there time for these convictions , with all their glow of attendant happiness ; there was time also to rejoice that Harriet ' s secret had not escaped her , and to resolve that it need not , and should not .-- It was all the service she could now render her poor friend ; for as to any of that heroism of sentiment which might have prompted her to entreat him to transfer his affection from herself to Harriet , as infinitely the most worthy of the two -- or even the more simple sublimity of resolving to refuse him at once and for ever , without vouchsafing any motive , because he could not marry them both , Emma had it not .
7 : 18 And it came to pass as the man of God had spoken to the king , saying , Two measures of barley for a shekel , and a measure of fine flour for a shekel , shall be to morrow about this time in the gate of Samaria : 7 : 19 And that lord answered the man of God , and said , Now , behold , if the LORD should make windows in heaven , might such a thing be ?
So he hurried to the Smiling Pool , where he was sure he would find Billy Mink and Jerry Muskrat and Grandfather Frog and Spotty the Turtle , and he hoped that perhaps some of the little people who live in the Green Forest might be there too .
Mr Prescott 's rough-edged style conveys a sense of honest indignation , where soothing strokes of eloquence might seem insincere . 
Sadly , unscrupulous ski resorts might misuse the new polymer , surreptitiously dusting it on the slopes of their rivals . 
` The world might applaud your achievement but I doubt if it will condone your methods , " Nicholson said , taking his eyes from the bandaged man to look momentarily at Dexter . 
Many even believe that fixed exchange rates might become the way of the future .
No one yet knows if this sort of thing happens in a dying brain , but if it does , it might actually explain how many angels can dance on the head of a pin . 
Such problems are of extreme interest as well as importance and are so much like fighting in a rain forest or guerrilla warfare at night in tall grass that we might have to re-examine primitive conflicts for what they could teach .
In group therapy , I suggested that Matthew might re-play the final scene from his marriage , as if he were someone who expressed anger openly . 
2 : 15 We who are Jews by nature , and not sinners of the Gentiles , 2 : 16 Knowing that a man is not justified by the works of the law , but by the faith of Jesus Christ , even we have believed in Jesus Christ , that we might be justified by the faith of Christ , and not by the works of the law : for by the works of the law shall no flesh be justified .
" It might be God ."
These things did these three mightiest .
She had gone to find a place where she might age more rapidly .
As those who use infer for imply might be somehow stigmatized in ( some ) educated circles , failure to report such a usage leaves the suspicious user of a dictionary ( or grammar ) who has the wit to look it up facing a serious lacuna in the information given about the language .
He takes himself to have true premises and a valid inference to a true conclusion ; the premises might include the proposition that in the past he has made mistakes . 
As the English word ` science "  might lead us to expect , scientia falls into various bodies of knowledge , or sciences , distinguished by their different subject-matters . 
It is a flavor that might take a little getting used to -- not because it is unpleasant , but because the flavor is hard to define in the light of our experience with other fruits .
To be sure , Lanza made numerous concert tours , here and abroad , but these did not take him to New York where the carping critic might lurk .
Of course , it might have been someone quite different , someone he had n't even considered , but he had an instinct that the killer was located somewhere in or around the Lossie Estate .
And here Bildad , who , with Peleg , be it known , in addition to his other officers , was one of the licensed pilots of the port -- he being suspected to have got himself made a pilot in order to save the Nantucket pilot - fee to all the ships he was concerned in , for he never piloted any other craft -- Bildad , I say , might now be seen actively engaged in looking over the bows for the approaching anchor , and at intervals singing what seemed a dismal stave of psalmody , to cheer the hands at the windlass , who roared forth some sort of a chorus about the girls in Booble Alley , with hearty good will .
By these means , the circumnavigating Pequod would sweep almost all the known Sperm Whale cruising grounds of the world , previous to descending upon the Line in the Pacific ; where Ahab , though everywhere else foiled in his pursuit , firmly counted upon giving battle to Moby Dick , in the sea he was most known to frequent ; and at a season when he might most reasonably be presumed to be haunting it .
Here is at least one image of how a large - scale smooth geometry might emerge from spin networks and constructive interference .
`` If I thought you were serious about going back to school , that you'd learned something from your experiences here and at Hanover -- well , I might consider such an offer .
It might help you to doze off but you will probably find that you wake during the night and can not get back to sleep again . 
It is world-wide knowledge that any power which might be tempted today to attack the United States by surprise , even though we might sustain great losses , would itself promptly suffer a terrible destruction .
To classify all reckless killings as murder might be too broad , but the point remains that some reckless killings may be thought no less heinous than intentional killings . 
The authors believed that their serological results supported the view that infection with M paratuberculosis might cause Crohn 's disease . 
Meanwhile Ahab half smothered in the foam of the whale ' s insolent tail , and too much of a cripple to swim ,-- though he could still keep afloat , even in the heart of such a whirlpool as that ; helpless Ahab ' s head was seen , like a tossed bubble which the least chance shock might burst .
But yesterday , the word of Caesar might Haue stood against the World : Now lies he there , And none so poore to do him reuerence .
It may have surprised the intelligent reader that the gipsy was so punctual to her promise to Fisher , but we must recollect that her apparent integrity was only cunning ; she was punctual that she might be employed again , that she might be intrusted with the contribution which , she foresaw , must be raised amongst the famishing garrison .
Elinor thought it wisest to make no answer to this , lest they might provoke each other to an unsuitable increase of ease and unreserve ; and was even partly determined never to mention the subject again .
Another appointee might have seen the ideological struggle about money for the arts as politics-as-usual . 
43 : 32 And they set on for him by himself , and for them by themselves , and for the Egyptians , which did eat with him , by themselves : because the Egyptians might not eat bread with the Hebrews ; for that is an abomination unto the Egyptians .
However , the amino terminus of C/ EBPα also functionally interacts with a number of other factors [ 31 45 46 ] , any of which might contribute to proliferation arrest .
God , to remove his ways from human sense , Placed Heaven from Earth so far , that earthly sight , If it presume , might err in things too high , And no advantage gain .
Just when it seems baseball might be losing its grip on the masses up pops heroics to start millions of tongues to wagging .
As to an additional servant , the expense would be a trifle ; Mamma she was sure would never object to it ; and any horse would do for HIM ; he might always get one at the park ; as to a stable , the merest shed would be sufficient .
The word might also have been used for a receptacle near the guns where powder and balls were kept .
He might have been hoping , to all appearances , that this relatively sunny symphony , in conjunction with the Choral Fantasy at the end of the program , could amount to something like the Ninth ; ;
Finding she could not bear to face the police who might still be in the environs of Canons ' Court , she decided on the traffic bridge . 
Mrs . Elton was first seen at church : but though devotion might be interrupted , curiosity could not be satisfied by a bride in a pew , and it must be left for the visits in form which were then to be paid , to settle whether she were very pretty indeed , or only rather pretty , or not pretty at all .
Fabia felt it might be a touch cruel to laugh at him again but , feeling certain he would run a mile if she took him seriously , she was a little nonplussed about how to answer him . 
The meat is made into balls about the size of billiard balls , and being well seasoned and spiced might be taken for turtle - balls or veal balls .
I considered your marrying him as certain , though he might not yet have made the offer , and I could no more speak the truth of him , than if he had been your husband .
The behaviour that pursuit of management self-interest might entail is examined below . 
He appealed to us to bring his case to the attention of the authorities that justice might be done .
There was no earthly logical evidence that he was looking at me ; he might have been looking at a ship , or the sunset , or the sea - gulls , or at any of the people who still strayed here and there on the shore between us .
If you are a student of linguistics ( in any sense of the term ) , you might find it convenient to have this book to save your running to the multivolume encyclopedia or the original text ( if you have it ) in order to see what B. F. Skinner and Noam Chomsky were on about .
I think a few of the aftershocks might just be my body shaking .
The next day Mrs . Theresa Tattle did herself the honour to wait upon Mrs . Montague , " to apologize for the liberty she taken in inviting Mrs . Montague ' s charming Miss Marianne into her apartment to see Pretty Poll , and for the still greater liberty she had taken in offering her a piece of plum - cake -- inconsiderate creature that she was !-- which might possibly have disagreed with her , and which certainly were liberties she never should have been induced to take , if she had not been unaccountably bewitched by Miss Marianne ' s striking though highly flattering resemblance to a young gentleman ( an officer ) with whom she had danced , now nearly twelve years ago , of the name of Montague , a most respectable young man , and of a most respectable family , with which , in a remote degree , she might presume to say , she herself was someway connected , having the honour to be nearly related to the Joneses of Merionethshire , who were cousins to the Mainwarings of Bedfordshire , who married into the family of the Griffiths , the eldest branch of which , she understood , had the honour to be cousin - german to Mr . Montague ; on which account she had been impatient to pay a visit , so likely to be productive of most agreeable consequences , by the acquisition of an acquaintance whose society must do her infinite honour ."
The lady ' s instantaneous arrest of speech might need more explaining ; but she may well have been stunned with the squalid attack and the abrupt rescue .
Left alone , Charlotte walked slowly down the length of the room , debating with herself how much or how little Holly McKitrick might know . 
He might observe that it was so .
Things did not seem -- that is , there seemed a little cloud upon the spirits of some .-- So it appeared to me at least , but I might be mistaken .
Now I might , or any of us might , have had such an accident as that .
She might be firm .
If she could not have been angry with Frank Churchill too , it would have been dreadful .-- As for Jane Fairfax , she might at least relieve her feelings from any present solicitude on her account .
Instead of observing characters and manners , that he might judge of them , and form his own , he now watched every person he saw , that he might detect some foible , or catch some singularity in their gesture or pronunciation , which he might successfully mimic .
Well , Moscavisi 's argument , and I must say , I agree with him , is that they tended to be denigrated by both groups who might have taken the biggest interest in them . 
Unless their discovery by their own employers might cause the Firm real problems " 
The disguise , equivocation , mystery , so hateful to her to practise , might soon be over .
Then he might finally recognize it , apparently by combining the visual blot , actually being seen , with tactual feelings in the head or body accompanying the tracing movements .
Until she could prove without the shadow of a doubt that he was n't in league with Harry Martin then she could n't risk doing that , no matter how she might long to . 
These difficulties , indeed , with a heart so alienated from Lucy , might not press very hard upon his patience ; but melancholy was the state of the person by whom the expectation of family opposition and unkindness , could be felt as a relief !
Passers- by might expect a few satin teddies in the window . 
Scientific fears are based mainly on suggested risks which might arise from releasing new organisms into the environment , whether they are plants , animals , bacteria or viruses . 
Instead , he berates her and describes the misery she might expect as a beggar . 
In other words , atrocities by savages wearing the uniform of the central government might be condoned , had the victims been serving the cause of dissident Katanga .
A home built before 1919 might merit a grant for repairing foundations or roof , for instance . 
If he had chosen to , Thomas might have told her in no uncertain terms what was wrong . 
Or a thin slice of plug tobacco might be laid on the open wound without chewing .
A man who had been in motion since eight o ' clock in the morning , and might now have been still , who had been long talking , and might have been silent , who had been in more than one crowd , and might have been alone !-- Such a man , to quit the tranquillity and independence of his own fireside , and on the evening of a cold sleety April day rush out again into the world !-- Could he by a touch of his finger have instantly taken back his wife , there would have been a motive ; but his coming would probably prolong rather than break up the party .
However , whilst it might be stating the obvious , the overriding factor in this situation has been the sudden influx and continuing constant supply of heroin at an ` affordable " price . 
And she knew what chimney was meant ; the huge stone fireplace in the kitchen , large enough to roast an ox , with its stone seats cut into its sides , where a man might hide himself .
This light did not penetrate very far back into the hall , and my eyes were hindered rather than aided by the dim daylight entering through the fan vents when I tried to pick out whatever might be lying , or squatting , on the floor below .
KEITH Floyd might be a whiz with the sauces and stews for his popular telly shows , but at home he leaves all the cooking to his wife . 
Anne hoped the gentlemen might each be too much self - occupied to hear .
On the back of its thorax it has two flap-like sideways extensions of the chitinous shell that look as though they might be the rudiments of wings . 
He could not understand it ; but there were symptoms of intelligence between them -- he thought so at least -- symptoms of admiration on his side , which , having once observed , he could not persuade himself to think entirely void of meaning , however he might wish to escape any of Emma ' s errors of imagination .
" If you would but let us know what your business is ," said Mrs . Jennings , " we might see whether it could be put off or not ."
And having made the mistake a bird seldom gets a second chance , for the startled butterfly takes off , not in the direction the bird might have expected but , apparently , backwards . 
No wonder politicians of all parties are terrified that these opinions and feelings might find open expression through elected members of parliament . 
32 : 18 Then they cried with a loud voice in the Jews ' speech unto the people of Jerusalem that were on the wall , to affright them , and to trouble them ; that they might take the city .
" For a stout archer ," said Mr . Gresham , " you are more easily tired than one might have expected .
" Ay ," said Hal , " very true ; he might well say , ' Waste not , want not .'
He felt that this little piece of bad luck might affect his whole day .
All told , Mr. Parker does a better job of making a novel out of this abandoned fragment than anyone might have had a right to expect .
The PM might show he drowned instead , but that's what the once-over-lightly gives us .
That mistake , she thought , had cost her dearly these past few days , and she wanted to avoid falling into any more of the traps that the mountain might set for her .
Among the suggestions : Pantyhose and men 's ties could be used for slings , while removable wooden shelves might aid in `` breaking through office walls . ''
He might deny the latter ; ;
The code for this , adapted from Russell 's paper , might look like this:
Her employers had been in general the aspiring mothers of young daughters of tradesmen -- the honest working citizens whom her father would have disparagingly stigmatised as ` cits " -- hoping that a little of Theda 's quality might rub off on their uncouth girls to help them to an advantageous marriage . 
As a policy that might have succeeded it suffered from impossible political equivocation . 
6 : 21 But that ye also may know my affairs , and how I do , Tychicus , a beloved brother and faithful minister in the Lord , shall make known to you all things : 6 : 22 Whom I have sent unto you for the same purpose , that ye might know our affairs , and that he might comfort your hearts .
If he ' d struck amid rocks and sea , he might have hurt his ally ."
Accompanied by `` Master Greene our solicitor '' ( Thomas Greene of the Middle Temple , Shakespeare's `` cousin '' ) , Quiney tried to consult Sir Edward Coke , attorney general , and gave money to a clerk and a doorkeeper `` that we might have access to their master for his counsel butt colde nott have him att Leasure by the reason of thees trobles '' ( the Essex rising on February 8 ) .
Her heart was in a glow , and she feared her face might be as hot .
He fancied bathing might be good for it -- the warm bath -- but she says it did him no lasting benefit .
Only at this moment -- perhaps because it was before dawn and she was lying in Doaty's bed -- she found herself examining how others might regard her .
First , all the activity may be confined to the summit crater at the top of the volcano , just where one might expect it to be . 
` In that connection , I might mention that Jesus Christ was evidently pretty au fait with micro-technology . 
For an intelligent murderer , such as you or I might be , it is an impossible plan to make sure that nobody is looking at you ."
[ 21 ] ) , a growing body of research also suggests that there might be increased vulnerability during the neonatal period [ 15 16 17 ] . The fact that the blood-brain barrier is incomplete [ 34 ] , provides a putative explanation as to why neonates and fetal mice in utero appear to be more sensitive to neurotoxins like domoic acid than adult animals [ 35 36 37 ] . Although microglia contribute to circa 10% of the total glial cell population in the central nervous system ( For review see Ref.
For less than a dozen miles from the unplowed land of the dead man lived another settler who had ignored the warnings that his existence might be foreclosed on -- a blatant and defiant rustler named Fred Powell .
Nijaz and Sead Hukanovic had feared they might never see each other again after being parted in the savage purge of Bosnians callously dubbed ` ethnic cleansing " by the Serbs . 
The tiny motherboard is upgradeable but the processor is underneath the disk drive cage , so you might have to remove the motherboard completely to upgrade it .
1 : 5 And the king appointed them a daily provision of the king ' s meat , and of the wine which he drank : so nourishing them three years , that at the end thereof they might stand before the king .
" Ma ' am ," Frederick began , " I don ' t mean to be rude ; but I hope you ' ll excuse me from coming to drink tea with you to - morrow , because my father and mother are not acquainted with Lady Battersby , and maybe they might not like --"
The Yorkshireman had evidently more promptitude , as well as more sagacity , than Muscari had given him credit for ; for he landed in a lap of land which might have been specially padded with turf and clover to receive him .
" And how many other things might it not be ?"
8 : 3 For what the law could not do , in that it was weak through the flesh , God sending his own Son in the likeness of sinful flesh , and for sin , condemned sin in the flesh : 8 : 4 That the righteousness of the law might be fulfilled in us , who walk not after the flesh , but after the Spirit .
However , they also escaped the severe censure that might have been expected from the high-minded moralists who strutted busily through the Victorian England of his day . 
The purpose set forth at the beginning of this book was first to introduce the reader to a general background knowledge of the various types and capabilities of the forecasting methods already in use , so that he might then be in a position to evaluate for himself the validity of the rather astonishing empirical correlation that is to follow , and to appraise the forecast that its interpretation suggests for the future of farm prices over the years immediately ahead .
No sooner he , with them of man and beast Select for life , shall in the ark be lodged , And sheltered round ; but all the cataracts Of Heaven set open on the Earth shall pour Rain , day and night ; all fountains of the deep , Broke up , shall heave the ocean to usurp Beyond all bounds ; till inundation rise Above the highest hills : Then shall this mount Of Paradise by might of waves be moved Out of his place , pushed by the horned flood , With all his verdure spoiled , and trees adrift , Down the great river to the opening gulf , And there take root an island salt and bare , The haunt of seals , and orcs , and sea - mews ' clang : To teach thee that God attributes to place No sanctity , if none be thither brought By men who there frequent , or therein dwell .
11 : 20 For it was of the LORD to harden their hearts , that they should come against Israel in battle , that he might destroy them utterly , and that they might have no favour , but that he might destroy them , as the LORD commanded Moses .
The first submarine could be heard zigzagging , changing course , trying to find shelter in the underwater thermoclines which might hide and confuse the pursuers , but soon they could hear the crump of falling depth charges . 
Ay , that I will , with a deal of pleasure ; for you be a civil spoken young gentleman ; and , besides , I don ' t think the worse on you for being FRIGHTED a little about your mother ; being what I might ha ' been , at your age , myself ; for I had a mother myself once .
Leaning forward into the harness and pushing with all my might , I could not move .
The whales might have made one of their regular soundings , not a temporary dive from mere fright ; and if that were the case , Stubb , as his wont in such cases , it seems , was resolved to solace the languishing interval with his pipe .
Older people are delighted when organisations urge that pensions should be increased , so that pensioners might be ` first-class citizens " . 
But still I might not have believed it , for where the mind is perhaps rather unwilling to be convinced , it will always find something to support its doubts , if I had not , when the servant let me in today , accidentally seen a letter in his hand , directed to Mr . Willoughby in your sister ' s writing .
Dealers said there was some concern that insurance companies might be forced to sell mortgage securities to help pay earthquake-related claims , but no selling materialized .
What right had he to endeavour to please , as he certainly did -- to distinguish any one young woman with persevering attention , as he certainly did -- while he really belonged to another ?-- How could he tell what mischief he might be doing ?-- How could he tell that he might not be making me in love with him ?-- very wrong , very wrong indeed ."
And I protest , if I had any money to spare , I should buy a little land and build one myself , within a short distance of London , where I might drive myself down at any time , and collect a few friends about me , and be happy .
It might be deemed unethical , however , to perform a controlled trial . 
A source close to the Law Commission suggests that , in the case of contracted-out services , one legal remedy might be to sue the relevant agency for breach of contract . 
He might also be likened to Montgomery , in that he judged this ` definitive effort " could not take place until there was certainty of success ; until the attacking force had three-to-one superiority . 
They might , for example , plot it exactly as is , or they might make ten day moving averages of it , or longer moving averages , or they might simply plot the ratio of odd-lot purchases to odd-lot sales .
She might , conceivably , have brought one in in a large-enough suitcase .
Screwed , stewed , and tattooed , as Krim might say after reading a book about sailors .
He has kept his figure and his bearing -- although I suspect vanity might have him wearing a male corset . 
He might even be cajoled into using his back room for us . " 
Noticing my disappointment he attempted to salvage what scraps and shreds of authority he felt might still be clinging to his person .
For a fleeting second he wondered if he might be dreaming , but this time he had woken into a nightmare . 
The reporter did not disclose specific details of their chat , but the disclosure prompted concern that it might have been more confidential matters which could have been overheard . 
Now , by reason a man does not make a mistake on purpose , it seems to me to be the fair thing , that if a man finds out his mistake , he might set it right ; but Attorney Case says this is not law ; and I ' ve no more to say .
It might have been several days .
I might have sold it again , the next day , for more than I gave : but , with regard to the purchase - money , I might have been very unfortunate indeed ; for the stocks were at that time so low , that if I had not happened to have the necessary sum in my banker ' s hands , I must have sold out to very great loss ."
He would be crown ' d : How that might change his nature , there ' s the question ?
Any little dose of radiation might knock off these critters '' .
My guess is that such a quantity might be reached if one counted all the permutations and combinations ; in reality , though , there are probably far fewer actual words .
In her essay ` Sculpture in the Expanded Field " , 5 art historian Rosalind Krauss explored ideas about categories in ways that might be useful to this discussion about textiles : ` over the last 10 years rather surprising things have come to be called sculpture : narrow corridors with TV monitors at the ends , large photographs documenting country hikes categories like sculpture and painting have been kneaded and stretched and twisted in an extraordinary demonstration of elasticity , and display of the way in which a cultural term can be extended to include just about anything " . 
Determine how much topography limits useful area or what the costs of earth moving or grading might be .
When the Archimandrite suggested that the two ladies might like to lodge at the monastery that night , she was briefly dismissive ; when he pressed his offer of hospitality further , she was brusque .
He spent two sleepless nights worrying that he might end up on a murder charge . 
He had a forehead and nose any Greek might have acknowledged with pride , and long , grey-blue eyes like slivers of self-illuminating stone , somewhere between lapis-lazuli and granite . 
There was a real threat that she might have to resign . 
Elinor was obliged , though unwillingly , to believe that the sentiments which Mrs . Jennings had assigned him for her own satisfaction , were now actually excited by her sister ; and that however a general resemblance of disposition between the parties might forward the affection of Mr . Willoughby , an equally striking opposition of character was no hindrance to the regard of Colonel Brandon .
The mason came , and gave it as his opinion that the rooms they inhabited might last through the winter but that no part of the ruins could stand another year .
And still in the distracted distance we beheld the tumults of the outer concentric circles , and saw successive pods of whales , eight or ten in each , swiftly going round and round , like multiplied spans of horses in a ring ; and so closely shoulder to shoulder , that a Titanic circus - rider might easily have over - arched the middle ones , and so have gone round on their backs .
The woman was better off ; she might have the assistance of fine clothes , and the privilege of bashfulness , but the man had only his own good sense to depend on ; and when she considered how peculiarly unlucky poor Mr . Elton was in being in the same room at once with the woman he had just married , the woman he had wanted to marry , and the woman whom he had been expected to marry , she must allow him to have the right to look as little wise , and to be as much affectedly , and as little really easy as could be .
She might not wonder , but she must sigh that her father should feel no degradation in his change , should see nothing to regret in the duties and dignity of the resident landholder , should find so much to be vain of in the littlenesses of a town ; and she must sigh , and smile , and wonder too , as Elizabeth threw open the folding - doors and walked with exultation from one drawing - room to the other , boasting of their space ; at the possibility of that woman , who had been mistress of Kellynch Hall , finding extent to be proud of between two walls , perhaps thirty feet asunder .
Then might she again take up the book of books with as much enjoyment as in her early youth , but now she liked it not .
Many have suggested that the rise of a new median ridge within an oceanic basin might well be enough to flood great areas of continents . 
Had it not been for such private enterprise , diocesan authorities might of course have been goaded into establishing institutions subsidized by diocesan funds and parish collections and staffed by religious as paid employees .
It might be a very indifferent piece of wit , but Emma found a great deal to laugh at and enjoy in it -- and so did Frank and Harriet .-- It did not seem to touch the rest of the party equally ; some looked very stupid about it , and Mr . Knightley gravely said ,
All along the wall ran something that might have been a bookcase , only that it was not filled with books , but with flat , oblong slabs or cases of the same polished dark - red consistency .
Mr. Oriani said the heat bursts were too large and too long to be explained by the sudden release of energy that might have slowly accumulated during the experiments ' quiescent times , as some scientists have suggested .
The Standard will continue to be distributed in China by air , although Marett said he might also find a new printer in China .
All of it might have been heroic , but they had done it in the wrong place .
Whatever social and political abuses Herod might perpetrate , these were seen merely as symptoms of a much more profound dilemma -- the dilemma of a people who had been abandoned by their God .
He knows how weak I am , and that I might forget the peril of the faith , forget the face of Our Lady -- yes , even with your blow upon her cheek .
Upon the faith of this promise , and with the vain hope that , by civility , they might dispose him to bring in a REASONABLE bill of costs , these officers sometimes invited Mr . Case to the mess ; and one of them , who had lately been married , prevailed upon his bride SOMETIMES to take a little notice of Miss Barbara .
We might infer , however , that Audrey 's ` big-eyed " response to the birth of a baby implies the inclusion of motherhood in her long-term plans . 
The abolition on stamp duty for house purchases was n't made permanent , as I thought it might be , but inheritance tax was ameliorated and he did bring in transferable tax allowances between spouses . 
Had he been in a situation to act independently and marry immediately , it might have been odd that he should leave us without acknowledging everything to me at once : but this is not the case .
I wish it was not so dark , mother , that you might just step out and see the great bed I ' ve dug ; I know you ' d say it was no bad day ' s work -- and oh , mother !
Perhaps it would not yesterday , perhaps it might not to - morrow ; but that is no reason that I should despair of ever deserving it .
Stammering out something , I knew not what , I rolled away from him against the wall , and then conjured him , whoever or whatever he might be , to keep quiet , and let me get up and light the lamp again .
They might not be the most obvious target for thieves , but thefts of newts -- particularly the great crested variety -- are alarming both police and conservationists . 
Dissimilar professional ideologies might suggest that there would be different levels of discrimination among the professions .
1 : 6 And John was clothed with camel ' s hair , and with a girdle of a skin about his loins ; and he did eat locusts and wild honey ; 1 : 7 And preached , saying , There cometh one mightier than I after me , the latchet of whose shoes I am not worthy to stoop down and unloose .
The earth smelled moist and pungent as it might in a cave deprived of the cleansing effect of the sun's rays .
If you need farther explanation , I have the honour , my dear madam , of being your husband ' s son , and the advantage of inheriting a disposition to hope for good , which no inheritance of houses or lands can ever equal the value of .-- See me , then , under these circumstances , arriving on my first visit to Randalls ;-- and here I am conscious of wrong , for that visit might have been sooner paid .
Still , Chatterbox does n't really think a ritual sacrifice will address the basic underlying problem : When media outlets strike secret business deals with other businesses , readers are unable to evaluate whether these deals might be compromising news coverage .
Bibliotherapy , which we might define as the systematic and informed use of reading in the treatment of psychological problems , requires a volume to itself and will not be developed here . 
The grounds were declared to be highly beautiful , and Sir John , who was particularly warm in their praise , might be allowed to be a tolerable judge , for he had formed parties to visit them , at least , twice every summer for the last ten years .
You wo n't find me wanting , and frankly I resent the implication that you might . 
If the young farmers and foodies of Truro can organize , they might just be able to get local agriculture back on its feet .
It might be rough on Edythe at first , but Linda and John between them could make a settlement handsome enough to soothe her , to send her back to Cleveland or anywhere .
Pistol-whipping an unarmed man might come easy to someone like Jess , but Curt couldn't bring himself to do it .
It would be refining too much , perhaps , even considering his monomania , to hint that his vindictiveness towards the White Whale might have possibly extended itself in some degree to all sperm whales , and that the more monsters he slew by so much the more he multiplied the chances that each subsequently encountered whale would prove to be the hated one he hunted .
Now you , who have so much invention and cleverness -- I have no invention myself ; but could you not hit upon some way of seeing him , so that you might get him by heart ?
A sort of generic or Pantheistic vitality seemed to lurk in their very joints and bones , after what might be called the individual life had departed .
1 : 1 Simon Peter , a servant and an apostle of Jesus Christ , to them that have obtained like precious faith with us through the righteousness of God and our Saviour Jesus Christ : 1 : 2 Grace and peace be multiplied unto you through the knowledge of God , and of Jesus our Lord , 1 : 3 According as his divine power hath given unto us all things that pertain unto life and godliness , through the knowledge of him that hath called us to glory and virtue : 1 : 4 Whereby are given unto us exceeding great and precious promises : that by these ye might be partakers of the divine nature , having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust .
And I did not know but what the stingy old Bildad might have a mighty deal to say about shipping hands , especially as I now found him on board the Pequod , quite at home there in the cabin , and reading his Bible as if at his own fireside .
Often the cards are quite difficult to fit , and a slight rocking motion might be necessary to ensure the card is pushed fully home . 
Indeed it might almost be conjectured that those families in which political nous was widely distributed were just those that found the principle of primogeniture unpalatable . 
Now , under the impact of his wife's disclosures , he was brought suddenly to the realization that there was a limit to tolerance , however brilliant , however far-famed the offender might be .
Sage he stood With Atlantean shoulders , fit to bear The weight of mightiest monarchies ; his look Drew audience and attention still as night Or summer ' s noontide air , while thus he spake :-- " Thrones and Imperial Powers , Offspring of Heaven , Ethereal Virtues !
64 : 1 Oh that thou wouldest rend the heavens , that thou wouldest come down , that the mountains might flow down at thy presence , 64 : 2 As when the melting fire burneth , the fire causeth the waters to boil , to make thy name known to thine adversaries , that the nations may tremble at thy presence !
Some day we might see a Federation of Prison and Jail Inmates , with a leader busily trying to organize reformatory occupants , defendants out on bail , convicts opposed to probation officers , etc. .
It can not be ruled out that other strains of C. psittaci might lack the cycle , whereas some strains of C. trachomatis or C. pneumoniae not yet sequenced might possess it .
At the beginning of the boom the economic might of the United States was overwhelming ( table 10.1 and figure 10.1 ) .
I think he hoped I might eventually add distinction to the family name , of which he was intensely proud , and his initial interest in me also developed into affection . 
She might have been daft in some ways , but she knew what was in and what was out , did Mary M. She knew the right clubs to go to . 
How do you do , Miss Smith ?-- Very well I thank you .-- And I begged Mrs . Weston to come with me , that I might be sure of succeeding ."
She felt that she should like to have had the power of refusal ; and afterwards , as the idea of the party to be assembled there , consisting precisely of those whose society was dearest to her , occurred again and again , she did not know that she might not have been tempted to accept .
His mother had some old friends in Bath whom she wanted to see ; it was thought a good opportunity for Henrietta to come and buy wedding - clothes for herself and her sister ; and , in short , it ended in being his mother ' s party , that everything might be comfortable and easy to Captain Harville ; and he and Mary were included in it by way of general convenience .
Six years of separation and suffering might have been spared .
If his dancers are sometimes made to look as if they might be creatures from Mars , this is consistent with his intention of placing them in the orbit of another world , a world in which they are freed of their pedestrian identities .
Aye , he ' s chasing ME now ; not I , HIM -- that ' s bad ; I might have known it , too .
In his brown canvas boots , faded blue trousers , checked shirt and frayed cap , one might have mistaken him for a man of no consequence instead of a senior member of local government . 
Waugh might have agreed even with the complaint about surface faults , which he was shortly to concede in a new preface and expunge by revision . 
The research assesses the impact of European law which might constrain the national policy makers but might also provide industry with a means of challenging national policies which contravene European law . 
We hoped that its practitioners and teachers might be put on some sort of reserve list and called back for refresher courses each year or so .
3 : 9 For what thanks can we render to God again for you , for all the joy wherewith we joy for your sakes before our God ; 3 : 10 Night and day praying exceedingly that we might see your face , and might perfect that which is lacking in your faith ?
But this was very far North , be it remembered , where beer agrees well with the constitution ; upon the Equator , in our southern fishery , beer would be apt to make the harpooneer sleepy at the mast - head and boozy in his boat ; and grievous loss might ensue to Nantucket and New Bedford .
He had n't dared to dwell on her in those aging arms lest his rage should drive him to deeds he might regret for the rest of his life . 
The son is indulgently allowed to be noisy , greedy and disobedient ; the daughters are usually quiet , helpful , punctual , deputy mothers , but in a tight spot they have to be busily frightened while the ( otherwise irresponsible ) male child takes charge of the situation … the first two years of the ( Longmans ) course revolve around the Marsaud family and a not unreasonable answer to the question ‘ Where is Madame Marsaud ? ’ might be ‘ She is under house arrest ’ .
Drenched in Shalimar , wearing her pearls , because her diamonds might make people who 'd been unable to change feel under-dressed , Enid awaited her guests , radiating regality . 
Such a religion might also contain certain philosophical ideas , ideas which could be deduced from a priori reason .
One might improvise a family of fishes or cars or imaginary creatures . 
Further , an experiment might consist of five rounds , and several sets of five rounds might be regarded as a super-experiment composed of several repetitions of the five-round experiment .
Together both with next to almighty arm Up - lifted imminent , one stroke they aimed That might determine , and not need repeat , As not of power at once ; nor odds appeared In might or swift prevention : But the sword Of Michael from the armoury of God Was given him tempered so , that neither keen Nor solid might resist that edge : it met The sword of Satan , with steep force to smite Descending , and in half cut sheer ; nor staid , But with swift wheel reverse , deep entering , shared All his right side : Then Satan first knew pain , And writhed him to and fro convolved ; so sore The griding sword with discontinuous wound Passed through him : But the ethereal substance closed , Not long divisible ; and from the gash A stream of necturous humour issuing flowed Sanguine , such as celestial Spirits may bleed , And all his armour stained , ere while so bright .
That would be enough for us to marry upon , and we might trust to time and chance for the rest ."
She would not speak to Anne with half the certainty she felt on the subject , she would venture on little more than hints of what might be hereafter , of a possible attachment on his side , of the desirableness of the alliance , supposing such attachment to be real and returned .
in a remote section there might be no restrictions at all .
1 : 7 In whom we have redemption through his blood , the forgiveness of sins , according to the riches of his grace ; 1 : 8 Wherein he hath abounded toward us in all wisdom and prudence ; 1 : 9 Having made known unto us the mystery of his will , according to his good pleasure which he hath purposed in himself : 1 : 10 That in the dispensation of the fulness of times he might gather together in one all things in Christ , both which are in heaven , and which are on earth ; even in him : 1 : 11 In whom also we have obtained an inheritance , being predestinated according to the purpose of him who worketh all things after the counsel of his own will : 1 : 12 That we should be to the praise of his glory , who first trusted in Christ .
It was something that seemed all the more merciless , because it might turn out an enormous mercy .
He had n't dared to dwell on her in those aging arms lest his rage should drive him to deeds he might regret for the rest of his life .
Writing in the 1960s Ms. Carson suggested that the human race could be eliminated in 20 years , and Mr. Wald suggested that life on earth might end by 1985 .
She was just as determined when the morrow came , and went early , that nothing might prevent her .
Although he clearly wants to walk off the boat , the ambulance crew scramble on board and clamp him onto a stretcher , so firmly that I wonder if they think he might punch them . 
However strict the instructions about attending to the stimuli , subjects in the control condition might fail to do so . 
" No ," said the Professor , " for fear he might tell me ."
The teacher might play an alien who could not communicate at all with the crew members ( children ) and wanted to learn their language .
1 : 13 Thus saith the LORD ; For three transgressions of the children of Ammon , and for four , I will not turn away the punishment thereof ; because they have ripped up the women with child of Gilead , that they might enlarge their border : 1 : 14 But I will kindle a fire in the wall of Rabbah , and it shall devour the palaces thereof , with shouting in the day of battle , with a tempest in the day of the whirlwind : 1 : 15 And their king shall go into captivity , he and his princes together , saith the LORD .
He wiped the steering wheel and all the places he might have touched the Jeep .
`` So that the man should not have thoughts of grandeur , and become lifted up , as if he had no lord , because of the dominion that had been given to him , and the freedom , fall into sin against God his Creator , overstepping his bounds , and take up an attitude of self-conceited arrogance towards God , a law was given him by God , that he might know that he had for lord the lord of all .
Shake yourself ; you ' re Aquarius , or the water - bearer , Flask ; might fill pitchers at your coat collar .
Whereon old Norwey , ouercome with ioy , Giues him three thousand Crownes in Annuall Fee , And his Commission to imploy those Soldiers So leuied as before , against the Poleak : With an intreaty heerein further shewne , That it might please you to giue quiet passe Through your Dominions , for his Enterprize , On such regards of safety and allowance , As therein are set downe
I spend my life in supermarkets -- buying food I 'll probably never eat , but buy just in case I might want to eat it .
And he bent towards her and extracted a kiss from her reluctant lips the way he might have taken the pit from an apricot . 
A house was never taken good care of , Mr Shepherd observed , without a lady : he did not know , whether furniture might not be in danger of suffering as much where there was no lady , as where there were many children .
( Who might you find you have come from yourself , if you could trace back through the centuries ?)
I was delighted with Paula Prentiss' comedy performance , which was as fresh and unstilted as one's highest hopes might ask .
14 : 9 For to this end Christ both died , and rose , and revived , that he might be Lord both of the dead and living .
6 : 21 Then thou shalt say unto thy son , We were Pharaoh ' s bondmen in Egypt ; and the LORD brought us out of Egypt with a mighty hand : 6 : 22 And the LORD shewed signs and wonders , great and sore , upon Egypt , upon Pharaoh , and upon all his household , before our eyes : 6 : 23 And he brought us out from thence , that he might bring us in , to give us the land which he sware unto our fathers .
You might try providing standard vacation time off but make the vacation pay depend on the number of hours worked in the previous year .
It is not always possible , of course , to see how many of the homagers actually resided within the manor , nor how much land they might have held elsewhere . 
How would Niger and Nigeria react to the plans of upstream nations for barrages and irrigation schemes which might dry up the Niger ?
41 : 6 And the side chambers were three , one over another , and thirty in order ; and they entered into the wall which was of the house for the side chambers round about , that they might have hold , but they had not hold in the wall of the house .
Fall River police did go to Westport to see if they could get any information against Morse and possibly find an accomplice whom he might have hired from among these men .
Maintenance of the status quo might seem to be the appropriate goal or objective of this population today .
12 : 8 And of the Gadites there separated themselves unto David into the hold to the wilderness men of might , and men of war fit for the battle , that could handle shield and buckler , whose faces were like the faces of lions , and were as swift as the roes upon the mountains ; 12 : 9 Ezer the first , Obadiah the second , Eliab the third , 12 : 10 Mishmannah the fourth , Jeremiah the fifth , 12 : 11 Attai the sixth , Eliel the seventh , 12 : 12 Johanan the eighth , Elzabad the ninth , 12 : 13 Jeremiah the tenth , Machbanai the eleventh .
7 : 19 The same dealt subtilly with our kindred , and evil entreated our fathers , so that they cast out their young children , to the end they might not live .
Black would have little trouble getting out , but it might delay him a few minutes .
perhaps a tad derivative of golub , but still an artist of far more restraint and maturity than one might expect of someone her age .
If you'd get out of your back yard once in a while you might even get her your ownself '' .
There was , therefore , more musical substance in the concert than might have been the case otherwise .
6 : 11 And they were filled with madness ; and communed one with another what they might do to Jesus .
In another , and ostensibly more jocular , letter to her he speculated about a future race which might come across the name of T. S. Eliot and wonder who he was .
The younger boy , a remarkable stout , forward child , of two years old , having got the door opened for him by some one without , made his determined appearance among them , and went straight to the sofa to see what was going on , and put in his claim to anything good that might be giving away .
Turnbull stood in an attitude which might well have meant pitching the other man out of the flying ship .
He wondered Probably because it was a place where she might get a feeling of certainty and security .
19 : 20 So mightily grew the word of God and prevailed .
3 : 3 And they have cast lots for my people ; and have given a boy for an harlot , and sold a girl for wine , that they might drink .
Bradley might have served those Americans better by directing his anger at Gore 's misrepresentations .
However , if we worshipped a goddess who lived on Snowdon and adored strawberries , then non-practical , noneconomic ideas might dictate that we did grow them on the mountain top . 
He pushed his bicycle up the hill from Wheatley station in the company of another new student who had a strangely similar background : of nonconformist origins , with his father an official of a nonconformist Church ; a young man who postponed his own confirmation into the Church of England because his parents might be hurt ; and who swung at the university from his very Protestant background into a sense of the devotional stature in Anglo-Catholicism , and into convictions which never left him for the rest of his life ; a graduate of Balliol College , by name Austin Farrer . 
Some of the students look up at the word ` castration " , admiring the cool poise with which Robyn pronounces it , as one might admire a barber 's expert manipulation of a cut-throat razor . 
`` Then again he might not '' .
Under her father's influence it did not occur to Henrietta that she might write on subjects outside the Jewish field , but she did begin writing for other Anglo-Jewish papers and thus increased her output and her audience .
The preferment , which only two days before she had considered as hopeless for Edward , was already provided to enable him to marry ;-- and SHE , of all people in the world , was fixed on to bestow it !-- Her emotion was such as Mrs . Jennings had attributed to a very different cause ;-- but whatever minor feelings less pure , less pleasing , might have a share in that emotion , her esteem for the general benevolence , and her gratitude for the particular friendship , which together prompted Colonel Brandon to this act , were strongly felt , and warmly expressed .
If Croatian Serbs are occupied in the Bihac area , however , they might be vulnerable to attack .
Ianthe reflected for a moment on this depressing picture of the bed-sitting-room world , with no churchgoing to give meaning to the day , though presumably Mrs Gammon might go sometimes . 
One might expect that in a poetic career of seventy-odd years , some changes in style and method would have occurred , some development taken place .
Even if he were willing to ply so late , I did not feel equal to his gossip , or that of the troops who might be making their way back . 
The football might n't have been very good but it was a great time , magic .
You might feel a spontaneous urge to buy a particular present for a loved one and then find it has always been their secret wish . 
" Why ," said Paul , " that might be , to be sure , but I wish I was quite certain of it ."
Recorders ages hence , Come , I will take you down underneath this impassive exterior , I will tell you what to say of me , Publish my name and hang up my picture as that of the tenderest lover , The friend the lover ' s portrait , of whom his friend his lover was fondest , Who was not proud of his songs , but of the measureless ocean of love within him , and freely pour ' d it forth , Who often walk ' d lonesome walks thinking of his dear friends , his lovers , Who pensive away from one he lov ' d often lay sleepless and dissatisfied at night , Who knew too well the sick , sick dread lest the one he lov ' d might secretly be indifferent to him , Whose happiest days were far away through fields , in woods , on hills , he and another wandering hand in hand , they twain apart from other men , Who oft as he saunter ' d the streets curv ' d with his arm the shoulder of his friend , while the arm of his friend rested upon him also .
Mrs . Weston added , " that he could only allow himself time to hurry to Highbury , after breakfast , and take leave of the few friends there whom he could suppose to feel any interest in him ; and that he might be expected at Hartfield very soon ."
Babe Ruth , as he always did in the Stadium , played right field to avoid having the sun in his eyes , and Tommy Thevenow , a rather mediocre hitter who played shortstop for the St. Louis Cardinals , knocked a ball with all his might into the sharp angle formed by the permanent stands and the wooden bleachers , where Ruth could not reach it .
By now he was concerned with practical details : ` You might scout around for mesh stockings ! 
The point -- quite simply -- is this : words they might have had ; ;
Travis might be going to pieces because he thought Rosemary had finished with him , but , all too clearly , he did n't deep down believe that they were through . 
She wished he could be charged because he thinks it might bring home to him the seriousness of what he has done and scare him enough to stop . 
For a little while Emma persevered in her silence ; but beginning to apprehend the bewitching flattery of that letter might be too powerful , she thought it best to say ,
That bear might have tried to eat me instead of the berries .
Instructions to relax , i.e. , to be `` spontaneous '' , and react immediately to whatever impulse they might have , was not sufficiently reassuring until some idea of the possibilities of normal reactions had been given .
Alex grinned mightily , so proud of her he seemed about to explode . 
If his circumspection in regard to Philip's sensibilities went so far that he even refused to grant a dispensation for the marriage of Amadee's daughter , Agnes , to the son of the dauphin of Vienne -- a truly peacemaking move according to thirteenth-century ideas , for Savoy and Dauphine were as usual fighting on opposite sides -- for fear that he might seem to be favoring the anti-French coalition , he would certainly never take the far more drastic step of ordering the return of Gascony to Edward , even though , as he admitted to the English ambassadors , he had been advised that the original cession was invalid .
Mrs . Jennings , though regretting that she had not been five minutes earlier , was satisfied with the compromise ; and Elinor , as she swallowed the chief of it , reflected , that though its effects on a colicky gout were , at present , of little importance to her , its healing powers , on a disappointed heart might be as reasonably tried on herself as on her sister .
` So next time you snack on your favourite chocolate bar or bowl of peanuts , remember -- if enjoyed in moderation , they can be good-tasting and might even inhibit cavities , " it said . 
My brother might cast me out and curse me for ever , but he was a gentleman , and would defend me on the spot .
And the culture glories in the success of the machine and wonders at its might and inventiveness .
The officers of the new corporation have naturally explored many angles , as well as personalities that might be affected .
`` If the U.S. had sat back and done nothing , he might not have made it through 1988 , '' Mr. Moss contends .
8 : 38 Now the man out of whom the devils were departed besought him that he might be with him : but Jesus sent him away , saying , 8 : 39 Return to thine own house , and shew how great things God hath done unto thee .
Since Laos is of no more purely military value to Moscow itself than it is to Washington , this approach might be expected to head off Mr. Khrushchev for the moment .
Power plants might install equipment one year that is rendered obsolete the next .
But a senior Joint Staff officer described the plan as `` generally , not too much different than we might have come up with ourselves . ''
Almost all of us in comparable circumstances might be victimized in some way , '' says Jerald Jellison , a psychology professor at the University of Southern California in Los Angeles .
This means that even in old age , we are able to recover at least partially from what might look like an incurable condition . 
Again , a situation in which the animal detects that there is danger , or suspects that there might be danger , is something which we need to take account of in considering the welfare of animals . 
Whilst the unions ' attempts to regulate the use of the " new " temporary workers might prove successful , their attempts to organise " traditional " temporary workers seem much less likely to bear fruit . 
On one other question which perhaps her utmost wisdom might not have prevented , she was soon spared all suspense ; for , after the Miss Musgroves had returned and finished their visit at the Cottage she had this spontaneous information from Mary : --
She might have gone away ; on the other hand , she might be waiting outside the door , holding her breath and with an attendant clergyman and two bridesmaids standing behind her fingering sacrificial implements . 
If guilty , the offender might be excluded from membership .
If it was n't for Mike I 'd be off but I 'm afraid he might start snorting coke if I turn my back . 
That prayer might as well have been couched in his own patois . 
Vain they might be at times , dangerous , vicious even , when the devil was in them .
It was almost as though some supernatural force possessed him , causing him to shed twenty years ; his face lost much of the sunken look of recent times , and he went about his work with such youthful vigour that a stranger might have believed there were not one but several such figures pushing trolleys about the corridors of Darlington Hall . 
If he could keep his physical vigour through the session he ` might get something done " .
68 : 18 Thou hast ascended on high , thou hast led captivity captive : thou hast received gifts for men ; yea , for the rebellious also , that the LORD God might dwell among them .
But just when was an unknown , and of course the longer it did not happen , the stronger her wish and belief that it might not .
' HE might bite ,' Alice cautiously replied , not feeling at all anxious to have the experiment tried .
" I am sure you think me very strange , for enquiring about her in such a way ," said Lucy , eyeing Elinor attentively as she spoke ; " but perhaps there may be reasons -- I wish I might venture ; but however I hope you will do me the justice of believing that I do not mean to be impertinent ."
But the lot might split into crevasses , so I had better stand on my car , which probably was wider than the average crevasse .
4 : 11 And he received the sign of circumcision , a seal of the righteousness of the faith which he had yet being uncircumcised : that he might be the father of all them that believe , though they be not circumcised ; that righteousness might be imputed unto them also : 4 : 12 And the father of circumcision to them who are not of the circumcision only , but who also walk in the steps of that faith of our father Abraham , which he had being yet uncircumcised .
I studied Welch closely as the trial progressed for any hint which might give me a lead as to how he might be thwarted .
The other way Satan went down The causey to Hell - gate : On either side Disparted Chaos overbuilt exclaimed , And with rebounding surge the bars assailed , That scorned his indignation : Through the gate , Wide open and unguarded , Satan passed , And all about found desolate ; for those , Appointed to sit there , had left their charge , Flown to the upper world ; the rest were all Far to the inland retired , about the walls Of Pandemonium ; city and proud seat Of Lucifer , so by allusion called Of that bright star to Satan paragoned ; There kept their watch the legions , while the Grand In council sat , solicitous what chance Might intercept their emperour sent ; so he Departing gave command , and they observed .
Struck by his desperate dauntlessness , and his wild desire to visit Christendom , the captain at last relented , and told him he might make himself at home .
This might involve a direct effect on T-cell precursors , perhaps reflecting a continuation of the dependence of stem cells in the bone marrow on contact with fibroblasts or their matrix products .
The naturalist in the field might not even have seen his specimens alive , but have acquired corpses from local people . 
It is well to bear in mind that gasoline will cost from $.80 to $.90 for the equivalent of a United States gallon and while you might prefer a familiar Ford , Chevrolet or even a Cadillac , which are available in some countries , it is probably wiser to choose the smaller European makes which average thirty , thirty-five and even forty miles to the gallon .
THE FBI said yesterday that the Texas cult leader David Koresh had indicated that he appears close to receiving a sign from God , implying that an end to his 20-day standoff with federal agents might be near . 
It has been estimated that for applications on a megawatt scale costs might reach values in the neighborhood of 10 cents per kwhr for large-scale accelerators or for gamma radiation generated in a reactor core .
yes , my dear , I dare say you might , because you know , the door was open , and the window was open , and Mr . Knightley spoke loud .
Seizing the bridle , he tugged with all his might and forced Katie to her knees .
A fawnlike innocence emanated from her , as if she might melt at any moment into the misty forest behind her . 
It might be anticipated that multiple coatings will reduce end reflection losses even further .
20 : 24 But none of these things move me , neither count I my life dear unto myself , so that I might finish my course with joy , and the ministry , which I have received of the Lord Jesus , to testify the gospel of the grace of God .
It might of course be merely a ----"
I had no hope of interfering with success ; and sometimes I thought your sister ' s influence might yet reclaim him .
Anyone passing the place during a certain autumn evening , itself almost fairylike , might have seen a hand pull aside the red half - blind which ( along with some large white lettering ) half hid the interior from the street , and a face peer out not unlike a rather innocent goblin ' s .
repeated his mistress , waiting for his reply with a calm air of attention , which still more disconcerted Felix ; for , though with an angry person he might have some chance of escape , he knew that he could not invent any excuse in such circumstances , which could stand the examination of a person in her sober senses .
I knew most of me hurt , but was not sure which bits might cause lasting problems . 
This last may be a source of considerable disquiet and one might not at first see how such obviously ` immoral " content could be defended as part of a system of morality . 
8 : 16 When the even was come , they brought unto him many that were possessed with devils : and he cast out the spirits with his word , and healed all that were sick : 8 : 17 That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by Esaias the prophet , saying , Himself took our infirmities , and bare our sicknesses .
His advance was very quiet ; but for the silver frost upon his head , he might have been one to the shadows of the wood .
This means that if a ruler 's commands did not deserve obedience , resistance to them might be justified . 
With a 75 pence pricetag these brightly coloured necklaces are the sort of gift one might give a child . 
If Mola got there first , not only would he snatch that honour from him , but it might also mean the end of the war and his return to the relative anonymity of normal army routine . 
His lank limbs were clad , I might also say clutched , in very tight grey sleeves and pantaloons ; he had a long , sallow , aquiline face which seemed somehow all the more saturnine because his lantern jaws were imprisoned in his collar and neck - cloth more in the style of the old stock ; and his hair ( which ought to have been dark brown ) was of an odd dim , russet colour which , in conjunction with his yellow face , looked rather purple than red .
Had you not been surrounded by other friends , I might have been tempted to introduce a subject , to ask questions , to speak more openly than might have been strictly correct .-- I feel that I should certainly have been impertinent ."
My substitutes I send ye , and create Plenipotent on earth , of matchless might Issuing from me : on your joint vigour now My hold of this new kingdom all depends , Through Sin to Death exposed by my exploit .
17 : 6 And the Lord said , If ye had faith as a grain of mustard seed , ye might say unto this sycamine tree , Be thou plucked up by the root , and be thou planted in the sea ; and it should obey you .
If this be so , fancy the irresistibleness of that might , to which the most impalpable and destructive of all elements contributes .
The sketch was one where he played a man contemplating how different life might have been had there not been a world war . 
Such a disrespectful term might seem surprising in this essentially respectful essay . 
18 : 40 Thou hast also given me the necks of mine enemies ; that I might destroy them that hate me .
It was suggested that the caravan dwellers might be hoping for a house on the new Greenstiles development , but Medstead housing group chairman , David Winter , felt it unlikely . 
4 : 35 Unto thee it was shewed , that thou mightest know that the LORD he is God ; there is none else beside him .
Woodhouse , who had already taken his little round in the highest part of the gardens , where no damps from the river were imagined even by him , stirred no more ; and his daughter resolved to remain with him , that Mrs . Weston might be persuaded away by her husband to the exercise and variety which her spirits seemed to need .
By hints , I asked him whether he did not propose going back , and having a coronation ; since he might now consider his father dead and gone , he being very old and feeble at the last accounts .
` People were extremely disappointed that conservationists could not come up with exciting positive solutions for potential land that might come out of agriculture , " says Miss Appleby . 
Have cost studies been made of every phase of your operation to determine what might be done if things get worse ? ?
Your musical knowledge alone would entitle you to name your own terms , have as many rooms as you like , and mix in the family as much as you chose ;-- that is -- I do not know -- if you knew the harp , you might do all that , I am very sure ; but you sing as well as play ;-- yes , I really believe you might , even without the harp , stipulate for what you chose ;-- and you must and shall be delightfully , honourably and comfortably settled before the Campbells or I have any rest ."
Now and then he stooped to pick up a patch , or save an end of tarred twine , which otherwise might have been wasted .
They might spend much time , therefore , patrolling their school and its classrooms , talking with children and offering comment to teachers . 
It was just that she felt deeply about every patient on the ward and wanted to believe that they might benefit from their treatment there .
It might be called the `` public utility '' type because of the considerable use to which it has been put in gas and electric utility rate cases .
She did not mean , however , to derive much more from it to gratify her vanity , than Mary might have allowed .
On the contrary , I think a young man might be very safely recommended to take Mr . Elton as a model .
They had left Louisa beginning to sit up ; but her head , though clear , was exceedingly weak , and her nerves susceptible to the highest extreme of tenderness ; and though she might be pronounced to be altogether doing very well , it was still impossible to say when she might be able to bear the removal home ; and her father and mother , who must return in time to receive their younger children for the Christmas holidays , had hardly a hope of being allowed to bring her with them .
and not praise Rather your dauntless virtue , whom the pain Of death denounced , whatever thing death be , Deterred not from achieving what might lead To happier life , knowledge of good and evil ; Of good , how just ?
Though it might be that we would have much to give you , you have nothing to give us '' .
Because he spoke openly with what Channing had prophesied someone might -- with daring hyperbole -- Parker vindicated Channing's further prophecy that he who committed this infraction of taste would promptly discover how little mercy liberals were disposed to allow to libertarians who appeared to them libertines .
Blind and dumb might well be envied now .
Sir Thomas will no longer be acting as go-between in the matter of correspondence , but the prince might well contrive some other means of communicating with you . 
17 : 17 Now Jonathan and Ahimaaz stayed by Enrogel ; for they might not be seen to come into the city : and a wench went and told them ; and they went and told king David .
Concealing the body might have delayed the scheme , but not aborted it . 
On such occasions he had not had the courage to look at the face above the hand , whatever face it might be .
Elizabeth , though resenting the suspicion , might yet be made observant by it .
But the chief priests and the scribes and the chief of the people sought to destroy him , 19 : 48 And could not find what they might do : for all the people were very attentive to hear him .
1 : 9 And he said unto his people , Behold , the people of the children of Israel are more and mightier than we : 1 : 10 Come on , let us deal wisely with them ; lest they multiply , and it come to pass , that , when there falleth out any war , they join also unto our enemies , and fight against us , and so get them up out of the land .
No soap or other cleaning agent was used that might bring in unwanted chemical reactions .
When humans cut down the forest , it might be replaced by a permanent grassland because the soil itself had been modified in a way that prevented the trees from reseeding themselves .
She might have prevented the indulgence and increase of such sentiments .
One might argue that the ultimate purpose of literary scholarship is to correct this spontaneous provincialism that is likely to obscure the horizons of the general public , of the newspaper critic , and of the creative artist himself .
" It might be best to go to Arthur after all .
If all took place that might take place among the circle of her friends , Hartfield must be comparatively deserted ; and she left to cheer her father with the spirits only of ruined happiness .
When he told me that it might be many weeks before we met again -- his distress -- can I ever forget his distress ?"
It also says major applications will be made available on plug-in cards but , as always , computer buyers should only assess what they can see , not what might turn up who-knows-when .
Of Edward , or at least of some of his concerns , she now received intelligence from Colonel Brandon , who had been into Dorsetshire lately ; and who , treating her at once as the disinterested friend of Mr . Ferrars , and the kind of confidant of himself , talked to her a great deal of the parsonage at Delaford , described its deficiencies , and told her what he meant to do himself towards removing them .-- His behaviour to her in this , as well as in every other particular , his open pleasure in meeting her after an absence of only ten days , his readiness to converse with her , and his deference for her opinion , might very well justify Mrs . Jennings ' s persuasion of his attachment , and would have been enough , perhaps , had not Elinor still , as from the first , believed Marianne his real favourite , to make her suspect it herself .
But a historian might put his finger on a specific man and date , and hold out the hope that the troubles will sometime pass away .
May Day in Moscow might outdo Easter in Seville . " 
She has encouraged me to talk about what happened before I got to that stage , and to think about what might have led up to it . 
This may mean having fellowship in the church with people with whom , on the level of merely human agreeableness , we might prefer not to have any association at all .
So simple , in fact , that it might even work -- although Pamela , now , in her new frame of mind , was careful not to pretend too much assurance .
Duke said he arrived on Saturday without fanfare because he was afraid `` Zhirinovsky might get some national patriotic pressure not to release the foreigner .
I heard a rumour of his having reappeared somewhere in the opposite character this time , lending money instead of borrowing it ; but still to such poor widows as he might personally fascinate , but still with the same bad result for them .
If he met it in some nefarious enterprise her lips might be sealed .
Walking away on impulse , he might logically leave behind what it was inconvenient to carry .
On the basis of these findings , Shattil et al ( 1975 ) postulated that cholesterol enrichment of the platelet membrane might affect the membrane fluidity and consequently the sensitivity to aggregating agonists .
12 : 15 But when Jesus knew it , he withdrew himself from thence : and great multitudes followed him , and he healed them all ; 12 : 16 And charged them that they should not make him known : 12 : 17 That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by Esaias the prophet , saying , 12 : 18 Behold my servant , whom I have chosen ; my beloved , in whom my soul is well pleased : I will put my spirit upon him , and he shall shew judgment to the Gentiles .
He related how he had come down to London and systematically searched through the various agencies that might have employed Elsie , how he had tracked down Mrs Wilson and had gone to see her . 
I had an idea that if I dropped this diaper when we unloaded our bombs , it might help some mother .
One must be prepared to contemplate biblical material as dispassionately as one might contemplate chronicles pertaining to Caesar , or Alexander — or Cortés . 
9 : 17 And Ananias went his way , and entered into the house ; and putting his hands on him said , Brother Saul , the Lord , even Jesus , that appeared unto thee in the way as thou camest , hath sent me , that thou mightest receive thy sight , and be filled with the Holy Ghost .
I can see it might be tiresome for you . 
17 : 8 It was planted in a good soil by great waters , that it might bring forth branches , and that it might bear fruit , that it might be a goodly vine .
Against it the tops , one might say the turrets , of the clipt and ordered trees were outlined in that shade of veiled violet which tints the tops of lavender .
In expressing that objection , other contemporaries were undoubtedly swayed by the realization that Lyell 's axiom would so greatly increase the age of the earth that it might threaten even a generous reading of Genesis . 
He might get votes from his constituents , but he would never get a helping hand in Congress .
Mrs . Jennings , who had watched them with pleasure while they were talking , and who expected to see the effect of Miss Dashwood ' s communication , in such an instantaneous gaiety on Colonel Brandon ' s side , as might have become a man in the bloom of youth , of hope and happiness , saw him , with amazement , remain the whole evening more serious and thoughtful than usual .
It might hurt you , though .
` But we can not give them cash limits because we have no idea how bad the weather is going to be in the winter or what particular type of ` flu might be coming along . 
Physically demonstrate various ways of interacting socially with others , indicate how she might make positive comments about another child , and show her how to play constructively . 
Yet was this Nantucketer a man with some good - hearted traits ; and this Lakeman , a mariner , who though a sort of devil indeed , might yet by inflexible firmness , only tempered by that common decency of human recognition which is the meanest slave ' s right ; thus treated , this Steelkilt had long been retained harmless and docile .
Possibly , too , Jonah might have ensconced himself in a hollow tooth ; but , on second thoughts , the Right Whale is toothless .
A modest journal article might have produced for the author a significant learning experience . 
As the pyramids were already about 2500 years old when Diodorus wrote his World History , one is given to wonder what his authority might have been for such a vivid description .
Because she had felt it might be vaguely suitable she had chosen to read a volume of Donne 
A covered container such as a kitchen garbage pail might do as a toilet .
Who would dare defy the might of the Raj ?
And if the principle works with man as well , then by spending your whole life in a cruising aircraft you might live to be a hundred .
" Very bad -- though it might have been worse .-- Playing a most dangerous game .
None the less , such a mass of available material has made nonsense of the old dream that historical judgment might , in principle , be preceded by a complete survey of every available piece of evidence . 
Ferry traffic was halted for a week in December because of fears that refugees might hijack the vessel to the United States . 
He scorned the claim that camouflage might be the product of adaptive evolution . 
The park would be open to him of course , and few navy officers , or men of any other description , can have had such a range ; but what restrictions I might impose on the use of the pleasure - grounds , is another thing .
In London , perhaps , in your present quiet style of living , it might be as you say : but in Bath ; Sir Walter Elliot and his family will always be worth knowing : always acceptable as acquaintance ."
` It encouraged drivers to limit their drinking because there might have been the conception that you could n't tell people not to drink at all , " says the DoT spokesman . 
For example , I might think of a rather jolly idea for a cover story . 
One might have expected the intense difficulties confronting British film producers to stimulate discussion ; instead it seems to have narrowed their perspective . 
O Thou transcendent , Nameless , the fibre and the breath , Light of the light , shedding forth universes , thou centre of them , Thou mightier centre of the true , the good , the loving , Thou moral , spiritual fountain -- affection ' s source -- thou reservoir , ( O pensive soul of me -- O thirst unsatisfied -- waitest not there ?
15 : 29 And he answering said to his father , Lo , these many years do I serve thee , neither transgressed I at any time thy commandment : and yet thou never gavest me a kid , that I might make merry with my friends : 15 : 30 But as soon as this thy son was come , which hath devoured thy living with harlots , thou hast killed for him the fatted calf .
Disputable , however , as might be the taste of such a termination , it was in itself a charming walk , and the view which closed it extremely pretty .-- The considerable slope , at nearly the foot of which the Abbey stood , gradually acquired a steeper form beyond its grounds ; and at half a mile distant was a bank of considerable abruptness and grandeur , well clothed with wood ;-- and at the bottom of this bank , favourably placed and sheltered , rose the Abbey Mill Farm , with meadows in front , and the river making a close and handsome curve around it .
` I 'm worried that the pills might get into the hands of children . " 
You might as well tell me to cut the table , ma ' am .
18 : 28 Then led they Jesus from Caiaphas unto the hall of judgment : and it was early ; and they themselves went not into the judgment hall , lest they should be defiled ; but that they might eat the passover .
Not merely when a state of warfare with one young lady might be supposed to recommend the other , but from the very first ; and she was not satisfied with expressing a natural and reasonable admiration -- but without solicitation , or plea , or privilege , she must be wanting to assist and befriend her .-- Before Emma had forfeited her confidence , and about the third time of their meeting , she heard all Mrs . Elton ' s knight - errantry on the subject .--
He did not believe it to proceed from any thing that care and medicine might not remove , or at least that she might not have many years of existence before her ; but he could not be prevailed on , by all his father ' s doubts , to say that her complaints were merely imaginary , or that she was as strong as ever .
You are your mother ' s self in countenance and disposition ; and if I might be allowed to fancy you such as she was , in situation and name , and home , presiding and blessing in the same spot , and only superior to her in being more highly valued !
Then Sunday spoke , but so dreamily that he might have been continuing a conversation rather than beginning one .
He told them that he thought Piedro had suffered enough to cure him of his tricks , and that it would be cruelty in them , because he might once have been in fault , to banish him by their reproaches from amongst them , and thus to prevent him from the means of gaining his livelihood honestly .
Deliverer from new Lords , leader to free Enjoyment of our right as Gods ; yet hard For Gods , and too unequal work we find , Against unequal arms to fight in pain , Against unpained , impassive ; from which evil Ruin must needs ensue ; for what avails Valour or strength , though matchless , quelled with pain Which all subdues , and makes remiss the hands Of mightiest ?
Come to think of it , he 'd seemed rather a decent chap , someone it might be worth getting to know . 
` Yes , sir , " said Menzies , obviously tutored not to add anything that might later help prosecuting counsel . 
It could reach key tactical points faster than infantry and destroy them or hold them as the case might be for the foot soldier .
She would not beg from him , could never try to claim whatever might -- or might not -- be hers by rights . 
This week , with President Clinton and more than 50 other world leaders converging on the Russian capital , there might be more motorcades than motorists on the already crowded streets of Moscow .
4 : 14 And the LORD commanded me at that time to teach you statutes and judgments , that ye might do them in the land whither ye go over to possess it .
37 : 22 And Reuben said unto them , Shed no blood , but cast him into this pit that is in the wilderness , and lay no hand upon him ; that he might rid him out of their hands , to deliver him to his father again .
this might be my Lord such a one , that prais ' d my Lord such a ones Horse , when he meant to begge it ; might it not ?
On the other hand , he 's still alive , which might salve his ego . " 
In a sense , meanings qua species of thought or thought-modalities might be said to represent the principles of " unity " of certain historical mental acts .
From such comments as these one might infer that the British were anxious to buy time until the Soviets acquired sufficient nuclear power to persuade Washington to become more cautious . 
The teller then offered to accept their count , but the Zuwaya objected that he might have stolen more than a hundred votes . 
When it came to such a pitch as this , she was not able to refrain from a start , or a heavy sigh , or even from walking about the room for a few seconds -- and the only source whence any thing like consolation or composure could be drawn , was in the resolution of her own better conduct , and the hope that , however inferior in spirit and gaiety might be the following and every future winter of her life to the past , it would yet find her more rational , more acquainted with herself , and leave her less to regret when it were gone .
Gauging a spot which he thought might be level with Vic 's house , Mungo struck up to the right on a winding path . 
He'll understand -- you might give him sort of a tactful nudge .
" If he would only have done as well by himself ," said John Dashwood , " as all his friends were disposed to do by him , he might now have been in his proper situation , and would have wanted for nothing .
11 : 19 Thou wilt say then , The branches were broken off , that I might be graffed in .
for , if we had met first in the drawing - room , I doubt whether you would have discerned me to be more of a gentleman than usual .-- You might not have distinguished how I came , by my look or manner ."
They might chuse to surprize her ."
4 : 11 For we which live are alway delivered unto death for Jesus ' sake , that the life also of Jesus might be made manifest in our mortal flesh .
If USAir stepped up its share purchases , that might be a way for Mr. Steinhardt to get out , says Timothy Pettee , a Merrill Lynch analyst .
And the in-and-outer might miss the sudden spurts that account for much of the stock market 's gains over time .
There was a place , Now not , though sin , not time , first wrought the change , Where Tigris , at the foot of Paradise , Into a gulf shot under ground , till part Rose up a fountain by the tree of life : In with the river sunk , and with it rose Satan , involved in rising mist ; then sought Where to lie hid ; sea he had searched , and land , From Eden over Pontus and the pool Maeotis , up beyond the river Ob ; Downward as far antarctick ; and in length , West from Orontes to the ocean barred At Darien ; thence to the land where flows Ganges and Indus : Thus the orb he roamed With narrow search ; and with inspection deep Considered every creature , which of all Most opportune might serve his wiles ; and found The Serpent subtlest beast of all the field .
Euen by the rule of that Philosophy , By which I did blame Cato , for the death Which he did giue himselfe , I know not how : But I do finde it Cowardly , and vile , For feare of what might fall , so to preuent The time of life , arming my selfe with patience , To stay the prouidence of some high Powers , That gouerne vs below
A trial date had finally been set for 17 June 1991 , but given the obvious flimsiness of the case , he was still concerned that somebody within the DEA might be tempted into direct action .
26 : 56 But all this was done , that the scriptures of the prophets might be fulfilled .
It did , however .-- Her father was quite taken up with the surprize of so sudden a journey , and his fears that Mr . Elton might never get safely to the end of it , and saw nothing extraordinary in his language .
If attention , in future , could do away the past , she might hope to be forgiven .
In the light of those events , there appeared to be a real danger that Premier Khrushchev might overreach himself .
But USAir might not want to help Mr. Steinhardt , he adds .
" A fastidious person ," said Syme , " might even call it unpleasant .
His whole objection , indeed , seems to rise out of a deep conviction that the poets do have great power to influence , but Plato seldom pays any attention to what might be called the poem itself .
Perhaps , for instance , educational programmes for parents of disabled or ill children might be evaluated to see if reducing any over-involved or overcritical parenting styles reduces the child 's later risk of schizophrenia .
The sense of taste is partly lost in elderly people , he says , so better tastants — effectively ‘chemical spectacles ' — might give them back their pleasure of eating and thereby improve their quality of life .
With difficulty however could she prevent her from following him herself ; and to persuade her to check her agitation , to wait , at least , with the appearance of composure , till she might speak to him with more privacy and more effect , was impossible ; for Marianne continued incessantly to give way in a low voice to the misery of her feelings , by exclamations of wretchedness .
This question might be settled by comparing the measurement of the actual circumference with the dimensions noted , presumably in Brumidi's hand , above the various sections of his long preparatory drawing , which has been kept .
The vapour might condense and fall on the slopes as a new sort of lubricant snow . 
And thy request think now fulfilled , that asked How first this world and face of things began , And what before thy memory was done From the beginning ; that posterity , Informed by thee , might know : If else thou seekest Aught , not surpassing human measure , say .
Perhaps Mrs . Jennings was in hopes , by this vigorous sketch of their future ennui , to provoke him to make that offer , which might give himself an escape from it ;-- and if so , she had soon afterwards good reason to think her object gained ; for , on Elinor ' s moving to the window to take more expeditiously the dimensions of a print , which she was going to copy for her friend , he followed her to it with a look of particular meaning , and conversed with her there for several minutes .
In one sense they are , but if people were to pay hard cash to watch a belly dancer only to find that it was a man , I think they might have some justification in asking for their money back .
Nevertheless , the presence of a gene in one nematode species ( such as Meloidogyne ) but its absence in another ( such as C. elegans ) might merely reflect a gene loss in the latter lineage .
Mrs . Dashwood ' s and Elinor ' s appetites were equally lost , and Margaret might think herself very well off , that with so much uneasiness as both her sisters had lately experienced , so much reason as they had often had to be careless of their meals , she had never been obliged to go without her dinner before .
If you hurry you might beat the headquarters boys '' .
" The Special Plans Office was called Special Plans because , at the time , calling it Iraqi Planning Office might have undercut our diplomatic efforts , " Feith told reporters last month .
the relatively wild conditions still found in tropical South America might be responsible .
Karelius , though dreading what he might hear , confronted him at once . 
We have no explanation for this differential behaviour unless additional factors associated with RNA polymerase other than its five subunits ( α 2 ββ " and σ ) might enhance or stabilize open complex formation .
With his friends and allies about him , a prince might discuss future strategy , consider marriage alliances , resolve disputes .
` I might have expected such an answer from you , McAllister ; it fits in with the general picture , " said Dr Neil angrily , picking up his cane . 
Friends might be appalled , and employees embarrassed at how little Laura resisted Bernard 's will . 
South Korea has also provided some rice to its rival but has been cautious about giving more , fearing that North Korea might stockpile rice for military purposes .
" We figured , " their leader said in an almost respectful tone , " that if anyone might have heard thing or two on this world it 'd be you , Mister Curb , Miz Yorder . " 
In 1930 , the Lambeth Conference again affirmed the primary purpose of marriage to be the procreation of children , but conceded that , in certain limited circumstances , contraception might be morally legitimate .
If not wise or refined herself , she would have connected him with those who were ; but Miss Hawkins , it might be fairly supposed from her easy conceit , had been the best of her own set .
It was only to ask Elinor to marry him ;-- and considering that he was not altogether inexperienced in such a question , it might be strange that he should feel so uncomfortable in the present case as he really did , so much in need of encouragement and fresh air .
You might like to hear what happened . 
The idea was that only an extremely grave provocation ought to mitigate a killing with a deadly weapon , whereas a lesser provocation might be allowed to mitigate other killings . 
and he was to go before :-- but still was to be seen again ere I could perish -- How ' s that ?-- There ' s a riddle now might baffle all the lawyers backed by the ghosts of the whole line of judges :-- like a hawk ' s beak it pecks my brain .
The Soviet Union also considers the might of her Armed Forces ( and in particular her nuclear arsenal ) instrumental in this endeavour to make the world safe for ideological struggle .
Anybody might have seen it done while the stand stood empty -- any tramp under the hedges or motorist among the hills .
Let not the modern paintings of this scene mislead us ; for though the creature encountered by that valiant whaleman of old is vaguely represented of a griffin - like shape , and though the battle is depicted on land and the saint on horseback , yet considering the great ignorance of those times , when the true form of the whale was unknown to artists ; and considering that as in Perseus ' case , St . George ' s whale might have crawled up out of the sea on the beach ; and considering that the animal ridden by St . George might have been only a large seal , or sea - horse ; bearing all this in mind , it will not appear altogether incompatible with the sacred legend and the ancientest draughts of the scene , to hold this so - called dragon no other than the great Leviathan himself .
Situated as we are with Lady Dalrymple , cousins , we ought to be very careful not to embarrass her with acquaintance she might not approve .
" Arthur , you may say , might well complain of this ; but Arthur is my father over again .
Sir , I disguised myself in this dress ; I came up to your room to - night on purpose to see you , without your knowing it , that I might mimic you .
They sat facing each other , so they might look as much as they wished , and then began to talk . 
He spoke through the public address box built into the cabin , and his gigantic voice roared out over the empty plain , so that the pink herd of talking people stirred gently in their happiness and wondered what their friend B'dikkat might be wanting to tell them .
His selflessness demonstrated that Debussy 's music can do without the fancy apparel that many other artists might unthinkingly have bestowed upon it . " 
' You ought to be ashamed of yourself ,' said Alice , ' a great girl like you ,' ( she might well say this ), ' to go on crying in this way !
If there had been sufficient other evidence of participation he might have been properly convicted .
None apparently were removed Sunday by the Serbs , who argued they might need the weapons to fend off government attacks once the nationwide truce ran out .
But the face of Luna seemed as witless as his own ; there is no help in nature against the supernatural ; and he looked again at the tall marble figure that might have been made out of solid moonlight .
At the first opportunity Mungo would search his cluttered shed for any clues that might be hidden there . 
3 : 8 But truly I am full of power by the spirit of the LORD , and of judgment , and of might , to declare unto Jacob his transgression , and to Israel his sin .
But I am sufficiently open - minded to forget what I might be looking for -- some bit of lexicographic esoterica , no doubt -- and settle for something I consider to be much simpler and not readily derivable from an ordinary dictionary .
He was seldom an unmethodical critic , and his reviews generally followed a systematic pattern : a description of what the work contained , a treatment of the things that had especially interested him in it , and , wherever possible , a balancing of whatever artistic merits and faults he might have found .
They endeavoured to teach the pigeon , which they had stolen , to carry messages for them in a part of the country at some distance from Somerville ; and when they fancied that it had forgotten its former habits , and its old master , they thought that they might venture to employ him nearer home .
At first glance , such precise and long-winded accounts of restorations , alterations and embellishments might indicate that Mr Frick employed limited discernment in his choice of purchases , but this is definitely not the case . 
thou mightest well be taken now for the sea - chariot of the sun .
A _Mrs . _ _Elton_ would be an excuse for any change of intercourse ; former intimacy might sink without remark .
Upon hearing how long a walk the young people had engaged in , they kindly offered a seat to any lady who might be particularly tired ; it would save her a full mile , and they were going through Uppercross .
If we had the given conception of " now-they-work-and-now-they-don't " circumstances , we presumably would also have an idea along these lines that might be reported . 
In her terms , there was a plot by -- whatever one might wish to call them -- Marxists , Communists , Humanists , Libertarians , etc. to transform society .
19 : 35 And he that saw it bare record , and his record is true : and he knoweth that he saith true , that ye might believe .
Or , to enliven an otherwise slow afternoon , you might remove the upper third of an eggshell , deposit the raw egg in a small pitcher or juice glass , and scramble it under the steam nozzle of an espresso machine .
and we might make it all up in time ; for a penny a day might come to two guineas in time ."
If Mrs Clay were a very beautiful woman , I grant you , it might be wrong to have her so much with me ; not that anything in the world , I am sure , would induce my father to make a degrading match , but he might be rendered unhappy .
Had both the children been there , the affair might have been determined too easily by measuring them at once ; but as Harry only was present , it was all conjectural assertion on both sides ; and every body had a right to be equally positive in their opinion , and to repeat it over and over again as often as they liked .
When preparing his food , you should think in terms of providing a ` finger buffet " with foods you might normally eat with a knife and fork . 
She remained in her seat , and so did Lady Russell ; but she had the pleasure of getting rid of Mr Elliot ; and she did not mean , whatever she might feel on Lady Russell ' s account , to shrink from conversation with Captain Wentworth , if he gave her the opportunity .
British Air officials said the airline 's chairman , Lord King , was concerned about news reports indicating that British Air might be willing to participate in a bid that included a lower purchase price and better investment terms for the British carrier .
They think Charles might not be learned and bookish enough to please Lady Russell , and that therefore , she persuaded Anne to refuse him ."
The social distinction , for example , between a land steward who was sometimes an attorney , and a scullery maid was very great , though both might be servants in the same house . 
Half the amount that the investment tables suggest might be a good goal , he adds .
In these discussions the prudent expert will avoid conduct which might be thought to cast doubt on his partiality . 
As evidence , one might want to look at Guess Inc. , the jeans maker legendary for making Anna Nicole Smith a household name ( well , in some households at least ) .
But one morning , turning to pass the doubloon , he seemed to be newly attracted by the strange figures and inscriptions stamped on it , as though now for the first time beginning to interpret for himself in some monomaniac way whatever significance might lurk in them .
She only dreaded that she might be asked to give some positive details of the scheme she and Andrew supposedly envisaged . 
Muscari had an eagle nose like Dante ; his hair and neckerchief were dark and flowing ; he carried a black cloak , and might almost have carried a black mask , so much did he bear with him a sort of Venetian melodrama .
The ship had given us up , but was still cruising , if haply it might light upon some token of our perishing ,-- an oar or a lance pole .
The fighting marshal had walked right into a trap and at any moment six slugs might slam into his hide .
I can see how those faded images might suggest sultry nights of Mediterranean passion even if to me they now evoke only memories of sunburn and Retsina hangovers . 
As one might expect , teachers of Latin eloquence , too , soon became respectable . 
The volume and , perhaps , even the characteristics of bronchial arterial blood flow might be different in the dog than in the horse .
119 : 71 It is good for me that I have been afflicted ; that I might learn thy statutes .
Later in the day , Nevada 's senators and both its congressmen appear to chew out the commission for even thinking that Nevada might have a dark side .
I suppose a woman speaking out on this issue might appear slightly inelegant .
When he had closed the suitcase he found a rag and moved about the room , wiping carefully everything he might have touched .
We must not permit our society to become a slave to the scientific age , as might well happen without the cultural and spiritual restraint that comes from the development of the human mind through wisdom absorbed from the written word .
This letter might not have been necessary had our efforts to meet and talk with you been more successful .
She could soon tell at what coachmaker ' s the new carriage was building , by what painter Mr . Willoughby ' s portrait was drawn , and at what warehouse Miss Grey ' s clothes might be seen .
14 : 6 And the Spirit of the LORD came mightily upon him , and he rent him as he would have rent a kid , and he had nothing in his hand : but he told not his father or his mother what he had done .
Whoever was crossing the yard toward the school might see her too . 
You might be able to think of crimes that are not generally regarded as deviant -- crime committed in self-defence , for example .
Much may hinge upon points that the typical executive might understandably regard as irritating technicalities .
At the same time , a nasty backward glance , a creeping suspicion suggested a consultation with Anderson might have been a wise idea before taking the practical action that had ended in such discouraging disaster …
This might put Wright in such a bad light before a court that Miriam would be awarded Taliesin ; ;
Emma listened , and looked , and soon perceived that Frank Churchill ' s state might be best defined by the expressive phrase of being out of humour .
She felt the loss of Willoughby ' s character yet more heavily than she had felt the loss of his heart ; his seduction and desertion of Miss Williams , the misery of that poor girl , and the doubt of what his designs might ONCE have been on herself , preyed altogether so much on her spirits , that she could not bring herself to speak of what she felt even to Elinor ; and , brooding over her sorrows in silence , gave more pain to her sister than could have been communicated by the most open and most frequent confession of them .
At the Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory in California , new experiments indicated that the lithium added to the heavy water so it will conduct a current can produce previously unsuspected electrical effects on the surface of the palladium rod -- which Messrs. Fleischmann and Pons might have misinterpreted , reported Philip Ross from the California laboratory .
There is no mention in the education policy of how that might affect the Department of Education and Science . 
If I gotta wait for him , I might as well wait for you too , might n't I ? " 
" Marco has all the sauces , and we ' ve often done ourselves well in very rough places , as you might know by now .
In spite of the answer , therefore , she ordered the carriage , and drove to Mrs . Bates ' s , in the hope that Jane would be induced to join her -- but it would not do ;-- Miss Bates came to the carriage door , all gratitude , and agreeing with her most earnestly in thinking an airing might be of the greatest service -- and every thing that message could do was tried -- but all in vain .
So ignorant are most landsmen of some of the plainest and most palpable wonders of the world , that without some hints touching the plain facts , historical and otherwise , of the fishery , they might scout at Moby Dick as a monstrous fable , or still worse and more detestable , a hideous and intolerable allegory .
Or so the story says , quoting five experts in support along the way , before swerving abruptly to a `` to be sure '' 11th paragraph that says Y2K preparedness `` posed an enormous distraction , soaking up time and money that might have been plowed into projects with a more immediate payoff , '' and that `` much of the investment went to inoculate older technology against the computer bug rather than to embrace the newest processes that could revolutionize the way work is done . ''
To give `` 1604 '' as the date for lemonade after giving `` 15c '' as the date for lemon might give one the impression that it took Englishmen about 200 years to find out how to make lemonade ( or what to name what they got when they squeezed a lemon and mixed the juice with water and sugar ) .
It might have been the man that he 'd seen before or it might not ; his face was no more than a characterless oval with a few spare lines drawn on it for features .
8 : 6 This they said , tempting him , that they might have to accuse him .
Pray , my good friend , where might you put your money when you went to bed ?
`` You might treat it like the hiccups '' , said Papa .
Dreading what he might see , Rincewind let his gaze slide upwards . 
It was an arrangement , however , justified in its effects , if not in its cause ; for nothing ever appeared in Robert ' s style of living or of talking to give a suspicion of his regretting the extent of his income , as either leaving his brother too little , or bringing himself too much ;-- and if Edward might be judged from the ready discharge of his duties in every particular , from an increasing attachment to his wife and his home , and from the regular cheerfulness of his spirits , he might be supposed no less contented with his lot , no less free from every wish of an exchange .
The Jews therefore said unto him , It is not lawful for us to put any man to death : 18 : 32 That the saying of Jesus might be fulfilled , which he spake , signifying what death he should die .
The government decreed that land was to remain the property of the landlords , that peasants were to remain subject to communal organizations ( which reduced the likelihood that they might turn into entrepreneurs ) , that the gentry would continue to exercise police duties in the countryside , and that state and local taxes were to be paid as before .
Along the northern coast , Just back from the rock - bound shore and the caves , In the saline air from the sea in the Mendocino country , With the surge for base and accompaniment low and hoarse , With crackling blows of axes sounding musically driven by strong arms , Riven deep by the sharp tongues of the axes , there in the redwood forest dense , I heard the might tree its death - chant chanting .
We studied only newly diagnosed cases of cervical abnormality because the persistence or recurrence of cervical neoplasia might also be affected by the factors under study . 
Often had she sighed to be there , and often had she revolved in her mind schemes for introducing herself to some GENTEEL neighbours , who might take her to the ball IN THEIR CARRIAGE .
Might not the evening end in a dance ?
Stopping to ask a local woman where I might find Dr Mareda , I discovered that I was speaking to his companion , Vera , and that I had stopped outside their front door . 
_There_ , indeed , lay real pleasure , for there she was giving up the sweetest hours of the twenty - four to his comfort ; and feeling that , unmerited as might be the degree of his fond affection and confiding esteem , she could not , in her general conduct , be open to any severe reproach .
9 : 21 But all that heard him were amazed , and said ; Is not this he that destroyed them which called on this name in Jerusalem , and came hither for that intent , that he might bring them bound unto the chief priests ?
We focused on sequences that appeared to have no orthologs ( less than 5% bootstrap ) , since these would be cases where a RIO analysis might be most able to correct overly specific annotations that might be transferred based solely on sequence similarity ( as illustrated in Figure 1 ) .
Philip would doubtless be gratified by an explicit recognition of his position as overlord of Aquitaine and Toulouse and might well concede something in return . 
" Oh , ma ' am ," cried Felix , " I beg your pardon , I did not -- I did not mean to say you forgot , but only I thought , perhaps , you might not particularly remember ; for if you please to recollect --"
Ford might challenge the proposal by offering a full bid if holders and the U.K. government agreed to drop the anti-takeover barrier early .
36 : 1 Also , thou son of man , prophesy unto the mountains of Israel , and say , Ye mountains of Israel , hear the word of the LORD : 36 : 2 Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Because the enemy hath said against you , Aha , even the ancient high places are ours in possession : 36 : 3 Therefore prophesy and say , Thus saith the Lord GOD ; Because they have made you desolate , and swallowed you up on every side , that ye might be a possession unto the residue of the heathen , and ye are taken up in the lips of talkers , and are an infamy of the people : 36 : 4 Therefore , ye mountains of Israel , hear the word of the Lord GOD ; Thus saith the Lord GOD to the mountains , and to the hills , to the rivers , and to the valleys , to the desolate wastes , and to the cities that are forsaken , which became a prey and derision to the residue of the heathen that are round about ; 36 : 5 Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD ; Surely in the fire of my jealousy have I spoken against the residue of the heathen , and against all Idumea , which have appointed my land into their possession with the joy of all their heart , with despiteful minds , to cast it out for a prey .
Lady Russell , convinced that Anne would not be allowed to be of any use , or any importance , in the choice of the house which they were going to secure , was very unwilling to have her hurried away so soon , and wanted to make it possible for her to stay behind till she might convey her to Bath herself after Christmas ; but having engagements of her own which must take her from Kellynch for several weeks , she was unable to give the full invitation she wished , and Anne though dreading the possible heats of September in all the white glare of Bath , and grieving to forego all the influence so sweet and so sad of the autumnal months in the country , did not think that , everything considered , she wished to remain .
The blind man said unto him , Lord , that I might receive my sight .
We might try to kidnap him , and lock him up ourselves ; but he is a well - known man here .
Neither nation would give up their claim on it , yet neither wished to make any move that might lead to a second Apocalyptic War .
I have called you down here to tell you something so simple and shocking that even the waiters upstairs ( long inured to our levities ) might hear some new seriousness in my voice .
Although this might help explain the Judeo-Christian-Muslim tendencies to subjugate women , treating them essentially as chattel , it does not account for a similar treatment accorded them in other cultures , notably that of Japan .
20 : 20 And they watched him , and sent forth spies , which should feign themselves just men , that they might take hold of his words , that so they might deliver him unto the power and authority of the governor .
15 : 15 And to this agree the words of the prophets ; as it is written , 15 : 16 After this I will return , and will build again the tabernacle of David , which is fallen down ; and I will build again the ruins thereof , and I will set it up : 15 : 17 That the residue of men might seek after the Lord , and all the Gentiles , upon whom my name is called , saith the Lord , who doeth all these things .
Not surprisingly , Langleben got a lot of press after he announced his results , and his experiment led directly to speculation that we might eventually see fMRIs installed at airports , scanning the brains of would-be terrorists trying to deceive security screeners , or in courtrooms , catching perjurers red-handed ( or perhaps red – anterior - cingulate - gyrused ? )
The prisoners agreed , provided they might speak after the sermon , which was permitted .
She must abide by the evil of having refused him , whatever it may be ; and as to the refusal itself , I will not pretend to say that I might not influence her a little ; but I assure you there was very little for me or for any body to do .
I made a new distinction between measurements the demon might make that reveal features of nonequilibrium systems that can be used to extract work , and measurements he might make of the nonequilibrium system that can not be used to extract work .
4 : 10 And Jabez called on the God of Israel , saying , Oh that thou wouldest bless me indeed , and enlarge my coast , and that thine hand might be with me , and that thou wouldest keep me from evil , that it may not grieve me !
( And , as you might like to try the thing yourself , some winter day , I will tell you how the Dodo managed it .)
Many people are uncertain about accepting that disabled artists might also be accountable to a disabled constituency . 
He said a clear majority of senators back the tax reduction and that ultimately there would be enough senators to overcome any procedural hurdle the Democratic leadership might erect .
If you yearn to watch the late-night movie in bed , or ca n't bear missing your favourite soap opera while cooking supper , then you might think about buying a portable TV . 
Warren 's Shaft , part of a Canaanite water system discovered by 19th - century archaeologists and open to visitors , might be the very tunnel infiltrated by David 's army .
To restrain him as much as might be , by her own manners , she was immediately preparing to speak with exquisite calmness and gravity of the weather and the night ; but scarcely had she begun , scarcely had they passed the sweep - gate and joined the other carriage , than she found her subject cut up -- her hand seized -- her attention demanded , and Mr . Elton actually making violent love to her : availing himself of the precious opportunity , declaring sentiments which must be already well known , hoping -- fearing -- adoring -- ready to die if she refused him ; but flattering himself that his ardent attachment and unequalled love and unexampled passion could not fail of having some effect , and in short , very much resolved on being seriously accepted as soon as possible .
36 : 7 For their riches were more than that they might dwell together ; and the land wherein they were strangers could not bear them because of their cattle .
3 : 13 Christ hath redeemed us from the curse of the law , being made a curse for us : for it is written , Cursed is every one that hangeth on a tree : 3 : 14 That the blessing of Abraham might come on the Gentiles through Jesus Christ ; that we might receive the promise of the Spirit through faith .
Thou wouldst thyself , no doubt And boldly venture to whatever place Farthest from pain , where thou mightst hope to change Torment with ease , and soonest recompense Dole with delight , which in this place I sought ; To thee no reason , who knowest only good , But evil hast not tried : and wilt object His will who bounds us !
Equally , you might be showing an agreeable profit . 
The entry-limiting price will also be raised for potential domestic competition , but unless general inflation permits profit margins to increase proportionately throughout the economy , we might expect the public-limit price to approach the entry-limit price .
23 : 24 Moreover the workers with familiar spirits , and the wizards , and the images , and the idols , and all the abominations that were spied in the land of Judah and in Jerusalem , did Josiah put away , that he might perform the words of the law which were written in the book that Hilkiah the priest found in the house of the LORD .
Some might prefer the head not to be next to the cooker
We dread facing them because we are frightened of what the other person might say . 
The disadvantages to this method are that you may not have as great a choice of models readily available or you may have to wait a few days or , during the busy tourist season , when cars are in great demand , you might find it fairly difficult to get a car at all .
Dr . Bull was in his white shirt and black breeches only ; his cropped , dark head might well have just come out of its wig ; he might have been Marat or a more slipshod Robespierre .
Although the resolution might have been far more specific , it was considerably tougher than the earlier one .
The investigation of anything happening directly on the river would normally be the responsibility of the River Police , at least until such time as it might lead to inquiries inland .
Oakly flew into a passion when he received such a message , declared it was just such a mean , shabby trick as might have been expected from a Scotchman -- called himself a booby , a dupe , and a blockhead , for ever having trusted to the civil speeches of a Scotchman -- swore that he would die in the parish workhouse before he would ever ask another favour , be it ever so small , from a Scotchman ; related to his wife , for the hundredth time , the way in which he had been taken in by the Scotch peddler ten years ago , and concluded by forswearing all further intercourse with Mr . Grant , and all belonging to him .
' THERE , to be sure ,' said she , ' I might have thought myself safe .'
We can not even start to conceive what conditions might be like in that universe , but there is no reason to conclude , point-blank , that it does not exist . 
If a wife reported the matter to the police , her children ` might resent what she had done to their father " . 
" Might I have a moment ' s conversation ?"
Gandhi claims that it can not be used in an unjust cause but what he might mean is that it should not be used in an unjust cause . 
Neither she nor other real-estate executives and brokers could project how much less Marina properties might bring , but she said the two-tier price structure would affect prices `` for a while . ''
Satisfied that it contained nothing which might distress the girl , she read aloud : 
Then the mechanics take him for a mechanic , And the soldiers suppose him to be a soldier , and the sailors that he has follow ' d the sea , And the authors take him for an author , and the artists for an artist , And the laborers perceive he could labor with them and love them , No matter what the work is , that he is the one to follow it or has follow ' d it , No matter what the nation , that he might find his brothers and sisters there .
This is talk we might listen to while eating buns at a Sunday School treat .
12 : 33 And the Egyptians were urgent upon the people , that they might send them out of the land in haste ; for they said , We be all dead men .
If there 's anyone up atop they might give trouble . "
From under the hunched shoulders and clutching arms a broken voice emerged in a stammering howl a stray dog might have launched into the night after company in its loneliness . 
They might in fact , have borne down a great deal more than they met with , for there was little to distress them beyond the want of graciousness and warmth .
Still , looking round me again , and seeing no possible chance of spending a sufferable night unless in some other person ' s bed , I began to think that after all I might be cherishing unwarrantable prejudices against this unknown harpooneer .
The biggest landowners , who could best afford to erect new dwellings with a reasonable standard of construction and sanitation , had the least incentive to do so -- indeed , as the principal local ratepayers they might easily penalize themselves by attracting workers who could later apply for poor relief . 
Maybe it would be smart to let a medic in on this -there might be dirt in those wounds . 
Mr . Dashwood ' s disappointment was , at first , severe ; but his temper was cheerful and sanguine ; and he might reasonably hope to live many years , and by living economically , lay by a considerable sum from the produce of an estate already large , and capable of almost immediate improvement .
It was as though they were creatures of the same species , possessed of a venom which might kill an outsider , but were powerless to injure each other .
At no time does he seem to have proposed marriage , and Mrs. King was evidently torn between a concern for her daughter's emotions and the desire to believe that the friendship might be continued without harm to her reputation .
From Baden , those in a hurry might take the motorway east to the outskirts of Zurich , then pick up the northbound motorway , carrying on through Jestetten . 
Perhaps they were ; or perhaps there might have been shoals of them in the far horizon ; but lulled into such an opium - like listlessness of vacant , unconscious reverie is this absent - minded youth by the blending cadence of waves with thoughts , that at last he loses his identity ; takes the mystic ocean at his feet for the visible image of that deep , blue , bottomless soul , pervading mankind and nature ; and every strange , half - seen , gliding , beautiful thing that eludes him ; every dimly - discovered , uprising fin of some undiscernible form , seems to him the embodiment of those elusive thoughts that only people the soul by continually flitting through it .
I thought you might get in on a morning train '' .
` Some of them reckoned one of the teachers -- some arty chap with a beard -- might have done it , but Laura do n't think so . " 
Broadcasting objectives and market data among technical people , rather than channelling specific kinds of information to individuals , and being non-directive in work assignments might be an appropriate management strategy here . 
This might be associated with physical feelings of lethargy , sleepiness , or a migraine headache , as well as feelings of guilt or depression . 
Lightning might strike the steeples of the other churches ; ;
American and Soviet leaders might also feel compelled to reach an understanding over a country/territory where the risks of direct military confrontation do not appear worth the pursuit of particular local or regional interests . 
She might break a fingernail or drop a cup simply because he was present in the room . 
A careful and orderly man , who values precision and a kind of tough intellectual responsibility , might easily be put off by such a book .
Supporters of the bill are concerned an airline might sacrifice costly safety measures in order to repay debt .
A lack of sleep can always be remedied later , a Madrileño might tell you , as he tops off a late night with early-morning chocolate con curros ( a fried-dough and chocolate snack ideal for absorbing alcohol ) on the way home for a shower and then continues on to work .
So she tucked it away under her arm , that it might not escape again , and went back for a little more conversation with her friend .
But it must also be remembered that this statement was made after his involvement with Surrealism and that he might not have phrased his reactions in precisely this way in earlier years . 
If you can not stomach orange juice ( it might be too acidic ) try apple juice or tomato juice . 
The fact that people using credit cards were actually even more likely to say this about them suggests that many credit card users might well be happier if they were not quite so easy to use .
Here , batch production is involved : the aircraft produces batches of seats travelling between city pairs , just as a bakery might produce batches of loaves . 
From Icelandic , Dutch , and old English authorities , there might be quoted other lists of uncertain whales , blessed with all manner of uncouth names .
But when three or four days had slided by , after meeting the children - seeking Rachel ; and no spout had yet been seen ; the monomaniac old man seemed distrustful of his crew ' s fidelity ; at least , of nearly all except the Pagan harpooneers ; he seemed to doubt , even , whether Stubb and Flask might not willingly overlook the sight he sought .
The liberal-conservative division , we might observe in passing , is not of itself directly involved in a private interest conflict nor even in struggle between ruling groups .
Charles shewed himself at the window , all was ready , their visitor had bowed and was gone , the Miss Musgroves were gone too , suddenly resolving to walk to the end of the village with the sportsmen : the room was cleared , and Anne might finish her breakfast as she could .
Many of us indeed see the arts and sciences as pulling in different directions , ` different ways of knowing the world " , we might say .
Perhaps , however , he is kept silent by his fear of offending , and I shall , therefore , give him a hint , by a line to Oxford , that his sister and I both think a letter of proper submission from him , addressed perhaps to Fanny , and by her shewn to her mother , might not be taken amiss ; for we all know the tenderness of Mrs . Ferrars ' s heart , and that she wishes for nothing so much as to be on good terms with her children ."
As well might those tablets stand in the cave of Elephanta as here .
9 : 10 And not only this ; but when Rebecca also had conceived by one , even by our father Isaac ; 9 : 11 ( For the children being not yet born , neither having done any good or evil , that the purpose of God according to election might stand , not of works , but of him that calleth ;) 9 : 12 It was said unto her , The elder shall serve the younger .
A little delay on his side might be very excusable .
As for the navy , it had fashion on its side , but I was too old when the subject was first started to enter it -- and , at length , as there was no necessity for my having any profession at all , as I might be as dashing and expensive without a red coat on my back as with one , idleness was pronounced on the whole to be most advantageous and honourable , and a young man of eighteen is not in general so earnestly bent on being busy as to resist the solicitations of his friends to do nothing .
` I think there might be a bottle or two of such stuff maturing even now in my hut , would you care to step across ? "
The light , fragile voice which is n't that dissimilar to the one showcased on more acoustic numbers might suggest shyness , but you can never predict what she 's going to say next .
Such applause was heard As Mammon ended , and his sentence pleased , Advising peace : for such another field They dreaded worse than Hell ; so much the fear Of thunder and the sword of Michael Wrought still within them ; and no less desire To found this nether empire , which might rise , By policy and long process of time , In emulation opposite to Heaven .
The suppositions in the previous illustration might be sufficiently altered by establishing a connection between general company practice and local practice in the South , and by establishing such direct connection between the practice and the economic well-being of stores located in New York and general company policy .
This , in turn , might account for our difficulty in dealing with objects through academic studies dominated by language .
He did not want the effort weakened by any illusion that summit magic might make it unnecessary .
And when that functionary appeared before him , he bade him without delay set about making a new leg , and directed the mates to see him supplied with all the studs and joists of jaw - ivory ( Sperm Whale ) which had thus far been accumulated on the voyage , in order that a careful selection of the stoutest , clearest - grained stuff might be secured .
It may seem a lot to you , but for a cast-iron story that might bring down a government , it 's cheap at the price , believe me . 
No one had half a crown , or no one would surely have kept it in his pocket upon such an occasion , for he might have been an archbishop , a king , or what he pleased .
Glad was the Spirit impure , as now in hope To find who might direct his wandering flight To Paradise , the happy seat of Man , His journey ' s end and our beginning woe .
These shapes might look cool on stage and in promotional videos but tend to be uncomfortable to wear .
They missed the real story : The reason why Bush does n't have to talk about old moral issues that might make him look mean is that he 's introducing new moral issues that make him look warm and caring .
Might I suggest to whoever has the power -- the first ascentionist , the local guidebook compilers , that this and any other racist names are changed . 
12 : 9 Much people of the Jews therefore knew that he was there : and they came not for Jesus ' sake only , but that they might see Lazarus also , whom he had raised from the dead .
The astounding indulgences granted Winterbotham by the regime apparently formed part of a scheme to woo ranking foreigners and through them impress their governments with Germany 's mounting might .
That he might not be irritated into an absolute fever , by the fire which Mr . Woodhouse ' s tender habits required almost every evening throughout the year , he soon afterwards took a hasty leave , and walked home to the coolness and solitude of Donwell Abbey .
22 : 26 Therefore we said , Let us now prepare to build us an altar , not for burnt offering , nor for sacrifice : 22 : 27 But that it may be a witness between us , and you , and our generations after us , that we might do the service of the LORD before him with our burnt offerings , and with our sacrifices , and with our peace offerings ; that your children may not say to our children in time to come , Ye have no part in the LORD .
She and the children might stay very well ."
Scrutinized from the ground , which is where the narrator and Elena McMahon are , this history is not as random as it might seem .
You might say we are in the nation-building business '' .
And there is a way in which he might hold that badness did in this case precede our own feeling of disapproval without belonging to the pain itself .
For no particular reason , other than that the writer felt it might -- just might -- encourage both mates to be in attendance .
Mr . Weston might be his son ' s superior .-- In spite of this little rub , however , Emma was smiling with enjoyment , delighted to see the respectable length of the set as it was forming , and to feel that she had so many hours of unusual festivity before her .-- She was more disturbed by Mr . Knightley ' s not dancing than by any thing else .-- There he was , among the standers - by , where he ought not to be ; he ought to be dancing ,-- not classing himself with the husbands , and fathers , and whist - players , who were pretending to feel an interest in the dance till their rubbers were made up ,-- so young as he looked !-- He could not have appeared to greater advantage perhaps anywhere , than where he had placed himself .
` So it will confuse the trackers mightily -- especially since I think they picked us up at the Luxembourg border crossing , then followed us in our Mercedes down the autobahn . " 
All civilians who reached the lobby were directed by NYPD and PAPD officers into the concourse , where other police officers guided them to exit the concourse and complex to the north and east so that they might avoid falling debris and victims .
Now Heaven in all her glory shone , and rolled Her motions , as the great first Mover ' s hand First wheeled their course : Earth in her rich attire Consummate lovely smiled ; air , water , earth , By fowl , fish , beast , was flown , was swum , was walked , Frequent ; and of the sixth day yet remained : There wanted yet the master - work , the end Of all yet done ; a creature , who , not prone And brute as other creatures , but endued With sanctity of reason , might erect His stature , and upright with front serene Govern the rest , self - knowing ; and from thence Magnanimous to correspond with Heaven , But grateful to acknowledge whence his good Descends , thither with heart , and voice , and eyes Directed in devotion , to adore And worship God Supreme , who made him chief Of all his works : therefore the Omnipotent Eternal Father ( for where is not he Present ?)
So she bethought herself that she might find shelter in the ruins of the old castle of Rossmore where she and her brother , in better times , had often played at hide and seek .
Men who work with their hands might find a little attention with hand lotion could make them much more romantically stimulating . 
Before the last Test at the Oval , Gower exhorted his troops to ` one last , big effort "  to avoid completely ignominy , and for a while it seemed that they might . 
But it was not immediately that an opportunity of doing so could be commanded , though Lucy was as well disposed as herself to take advantage of any that occurred ; for the weather was not often fine enough to allow of their joining in a walk , where they might most easily separate themselves from the others ; and though they met at least every other evening either at the park or cottage , and chiefly at the former , they could not be supposed to meet for the sake of conversation .
To a degree , I could contradict this instantly ; but , when I began to reflect that others might have felt the same -- her own family , nay , perhaps herself -- I was no longer at my own disposal .
I have forgotten to say that there were found in this ambergris , certain hard , round , bony plates , which at first Stubb thought might be sailors ' trowsers buttons ; but it afterwards turned out that they were nothing more than pieces of small squid bones embalmed in that manner .
When you were fool enough to agree to fight MacIan , after all , everybody was ready to believe that the Bank of England might paint itself pink with white spots ."
COPENHAGEN , Denmark ( AP ) --- Politics might seem as dull as a glassy sea to many , but Danes are finding it to be one of the most exciting waves when surfing the Web .
These words , and the bitter sense of injustice , drew tears at length fast down the proud cheek of Franklin , which might possibly have touched Mrs . Pomfret , if Felix , with a sneer , had not called them CROCODILE TEARS .
As potential functional weaknesses emerge during the design appraisal further consideration is given to what functions might be allocated to the man or machine to provide greater mutual support .
Anne wondered whether it ever occurred to him now , to question the justness of his own previous opinion as to the universal felicity and advantage of firmness of character ; and whether it might not strike him that , like all other qualities of the mind , it should have its proportions and limits .
Ordinary people might at times come to the outer part of a temple and were able to participate in the festival processions . 
It might be well to point out , however , some of the newer developments that have taken place within the past few months which might have a bearing on the future of the various foamed plastics involved .
14 : 13 And Moses said unto the LORD , Then the Egyptians shall hear it , ( for thou broughtest up this people in thy might from among them ;) 14 : 14 And they will tell it to the inhabitants of this land : for they have heard that thou LORD art among this people , that thou LORD art seen face to face , and that thy cloud standeth over them , and that thou goest before them , by day time in a pillar of a cloud , and in a pillar of fire by night .
Yet was this half - horrible stolidity in him , involving , too , as it appeared , an all - ramifying heartlessness ;-- yet was it oddly dashed at times , with an old , crutch - like , antediluvian , wheezing humorousness , not unstreaked now and then with a certain grizzled wittiness ; such as might have served to pass the time during the midnight watch on the bearded forecastle of Noah ' s ark .
Cobalt shook his head , which might have meant he did n't know or might have been admonishment for Oliver who was still holding the bottle of wine . 
For the next three centuries Dalmatia 's fortunes were determined by the struggles between the sea power of Venice and the land-based might of the Ottoman empire .
It might be very important , for example , that it be settled , and settled decisively , whether and when careless drivers are liable for emotional injury to people other than their immediate victims . 
Both he and Mr. Lorenzo predicted that plan might be confirmed in January .
In other part stood one who , at the forge Labouring , two massy clods of iron and brass Had melted , ( whether found where casual fire Had wasted woods on mountain or in vale , Down to the veins of earth ; thence gliding hot To some cave ' s mouth ; or whether washed by stream From underground ;) the liquid ore he drained Into fit moulds prepared ; from which he formed First his own tools ; then , what might else be wrought Fusil or graven in metal .
Perhaps a carriage might go by whilst you are standing here talking to me ."
It helped to develop valuable projects ; it utilized market skills in the implementation of schemes ; and it began that process of integrating central-government departments into corporate entities through which regional problems might be better addressed .
There was no evidence that Berowne had started his own meal -- that in itself might be of some help in deciding on the approximate time of death -- but he had apparently either cajoled Harry into the church with the promise of a meal or , more likely , had supplied an obvious and immediate need before he was ready for his own share of the supper . 
6 : 14 And David danced before the LORD with all his might ; and David was girded with a linen ephod .
' Tis iust , And it is very much lamented Brutus , That you haue no such Mirrors , as will turne Your hidden worthinesse into your eye , That you might see your shadow : I haue heard , Where many of the best respect in Rome , ( Except immortall Caesar ) speaking of Brutus , And groaning vnderneath this Ages yoake , Haue wish ' d , that Noble Brutus had his eyes
A woman with feelings of that intensity might be capable of any action if she thought the man she loved was seriously in love with someone else . 
The ` Let '' rule has stood since 1880 without too much fuss and I think I might get annoyed if I saw the fifth set in a Wimbledon final decided by a serve which simply hit the net and ` died '' on the receiver 's side .
" He might have looked at the fish ," repeated Piedro ; " they are fresh to - day .
Nor , though placed amongst a ruthless crew and every hour passed by ruthless hands , and through the livelong nights shrouded with thick darkness which might cover any pilfering approach , nevertheless every sunrise found the doubloon where the sunset left it last .
Punctured skins and broken stems might admit spores and cause the fruit or vegetable to rot , often spreading to adjacent specimens . 
One might protest that such primitive devices would not be relevant to the civilized conduct of staffroom and classroom , but it is surprising how thin the veneer of civilization turns out to be .
Nor are thy lips ungraceful , Sire of men , Nor tongue ineloquent ; for God on thee Abundantly his gifts hath also poured Inward and outward both , his image fair : Speaking , or mute , all comeliness and grace Attends thee ; and each word , each motion , forms ; Nor less think we in Heaven of thee on Earth Than of our fellow - servant , and inquire Gladly into the ways of God with Man : For God , we see , hath honoured thee , and set On Man his equal love : Say therefore on ; For I that day was absent , as befel , Bound on a voyage uncouth and obscure , Far on excursion toward the gates of Hell ; Squared in full legion ( such command we had ) To see that none thence issued forth a spy , Or enemy , while God was in his work ; Lest he , incensed at such eruption bold , Destruction with creation might have mixed .
Both your Maiesties Might by the Soueraigne power you haue of vs , Put your dread pleasures , more into Command Then to Entreatie
Applied to any other creature than the Leviathan -- to an ant or a flea -- such portly terms might justly be deemed unwarrantably grandiloquent .
He might go to Masud and demand that the foreign doctors be sent home . 
The size of the mare too seems to be of little importance , and mules are much more alike than their parents might seem to suggest .
One might expect some spread of the disease in this case resulting in increased effectiveness of the attack .
I might just do that ; it would give him a nice surprise .
24 : 16 And all the men of might , even seven thousand , and craftsmen and smiths a thousand , all that were strong and apt for war , even them the king of Babylon brought captive to Babylon .
An accompanying record of paralanguage factors for the second example might also note a throaty rasp .
Corkscrew , by the housekeeper ' s means , ventured to present a petition that he might go to the play the next day , and his request was granted .
As a final touch , you might like to place a vase of fresh flowers in the room ; this will greatly enhance the atmosphere . 
In searching for clues which might lead us to a fresh apprehension of the reality of spirit , the close connection between spirit and community is likely to prove the most fruitful .
118 : 13 Thou hast thrust sore at me that I might fall : but the LORD helped me .
It might be , indeed it had already proved to be a marriage without love , but it was marriage .
gently hast thou told Thy message , which might else in telling wound , And in performing end us ; what besides Of sorrow , and dejection , and despair , Our frailty can sustain , thy tidings bring , Departure from this happy place , our sweet Recess , and only consolation left Familiar to our eyes !
`` The United States might be sending the wrong signal , '' Spanish Foreign Minister Javier Solana told reporters .
Boys , as well , are quite popular and if you like one especially , you might give him your painting ! 
The question might be phrased as : do you believe it dishonest for a person not to pay a fare which he believes he does not owe ? 
I 'd applied to a couple of places and been rejected and thought perhaps if I had a masters qualification it might help with being a woman in a predominantly male field . 
That , from such a quarter , one might expect .
Unfortunately , " she added , with a quick look round as if she thought to check whether anyone might hear , ` Sir John 's partiality for Benedict extended also to his mother . " 
4 : 3 And the children of Israel cried unto the LORD : for he had nine hundred chariots of iron ; and twenty years he mightily oppressed the children of Israel .
For the LORD had appointed to defeat the good counsel of Ahithophel , to the intent that the LORD might bring evil upon Absalom .
1 : 16 Howbeit for this cause I obtained mercy , that in me first Jesus Christ might shew forth all longsuffering , for a pattern to them which should hereafter believe on him to life everlasting .
In theory , compulsive behavior is a way of diminishing anxiety , and one might expect a negative association except for the possibility that for many children the obsessive-compulsive defenses are not sufficient to quell the amount of anxiety they suffer .
As the new group begins to develop a clear idea of its own aims and objectives they might well decide to produce a video film of their own to explain their story . 
26 : 32 Then said Agrippa unto Festus , This man might have been set at liberty , if he had not appealed unto Caesar .
The friendliness of his disposition made him happy in accommodating those , whose situation might be considered , in comparison with the past , as unfortunate .
How it was that they so aboundingly responded to the old man ' s ire -- by what evil magic their souls were possessed , that at times his hate seemed almost theirs ; the White Whale as much their insufferable foe as his ; how all this came to be -- what the White Whale was to them , or how to their unconscious understandings , also , in some dim , unsuspected way , he might have seemed the gliding great demon of the seas of life ,-- all this to explain , would be to dive deeper than Ishmael can go .
He could not help thinking that whenever the man moved a leg or arm might fall off .
The moment before Greywood Usher had been coming to the conclusion that Father Brown might possibly be mad .
14 : 35 And he went forward a little , and fell on the ground , and prayed that , if it were possible , the hour might pass from him .
They had come to an open space of sunlight , which seemed to express to Syme the final return of his own good sense ; and in the middle of this forest clearing was a figure that might well stand for that common sense in an almost awful actuality .
I should not vrge thy duty past thy might , I know yong bloods looke for a time of rest
Stephanie had hopes that the familial Christmas dinner might in some way restore something of the frail threadwork of decency and courteous behaviour broken by the earlier violence of her father and brother . 
" Perhaps the wise ones , they say it might be risky , but the young men seek martyrdom in this cause .
2 : 19 For I through the law am dead to the law , that I might live unto God .
If I had my senses about me I might have called in Conduit Street in my way home , and told them of it .
Physical attacks on leading government figures might at least disorganize the regime enough to force it to accede to the appeals for political reform which were once again coming from more moderate sections of public opinion .
The motivation for our search was to see how signs might support the spoken message in schools , how deaf children could be given the benefit of the happy accident which allowed two modalities to be used simultaneously to present two languages .
On the contrary , when he saw more of Captain Wentworth , saw him repeatedly by daylight , and eyed him well , he was very much struck by his personal claims , and felt that his superiority of appearance might be not unfairly balanced against her superiority of rank ; and all this , assisted by his well - sounding name , enabled Sir Walter at last to prepare his pen , with a very good grace , for the insertion of the marriage in the volume of honour .
You see , Farmer Brown ' s boy is learning to be something of a philosopher , one of those people who accept bad things cheerfully and right away see how they are better than they might have been .
It may be premature to assign the Newton St. Loe mosaic to such a school : indeed , given the vagueries of stylistic relationships in this region it might be rash . 
If there was ever a thought in her mind she might devote her life to religion , it was now dispelled .
Try as I might to confess my sins and accept salvation , no answer came to me from heaven .
He was spinning out his sentences , making them intolerably long and lingering , in the hope of maddening the practical little Doctor into an explosion of impatience which might show his hand .
17 : 13 And now come I to thee ; and these things I speak in the world , that they might have my joy fulfilled in themselves .
22 : 15 And they came unto the children of Reuben , and to the children of Gad , and to the half tribe of Manasseh , unto the land of Gilead , and they spake with them , saying , 22 : 16 Thus saith the whole congregation of the LORD , What trespass is this that ye have committed against the God of Israel , to turn away this day from following the LORD , in that ye have builded you an altar , that ye might rebel this day against the LORD ?
There is a broad spectrum of organisms from which selection for a specified military purpose might be made .
It was so wrinkled and shrunken and withered that it was difficult to say what it might have been .
The roguish image of the city 's present might make it easy to forget the city 's glorious past .
He 's sorry , " Luther told his stepson , smiling freely now and licking his lips like a dog might lick the juice of a bone from his chops . 
Oh , and do n't tell him your war stories because they might just seem trivial to him . " 
" Being very sure I have long lost your affections , I have thought myself at liberty to bestow my own on another , and have no doubt of being as happy with him as I once used to think I might be with you ; but I scorn to accept a hand while the heart was another ' s .
Since tone systems typically comprise fewer units than either consonant or vowel systems , we might expect that they would be the easiest part of a phonologic analysis .
" Mrs . John Knightley is easily alarmed , and might be made unhappy about her sister ."
He was the mightiest warrior of his age , and he led the terrifying Unberogens into battle against the Orcs countless times .
In the first engraving a noble Sperm Whale is depicted in full majesty of might , just risen beneath the boat from the profundities of the ocean , and bearing high in the air upon his back the terrific wreck of the stoven planks .
" Whoever Colonel Campbell might employ ," said Frank Churchill , with a smile at Emma , " the person has not chosen ill .
38 : 12 Hast thou commanded the morning since thy days ; and caused the dayspring to know his place ; 38 : 13 That it might take hold of the ends of the earth , that the wicked might be shaken out of it ?
Mad as the Seas , and winde , when both contend Which is the Mightier , in his lawlesse fit Behinde the Arras , hearing something stirre , He whips his Rapier out , and cries a Rat , a Rat , And in his brainish apprehension killes The vnseene good old man
I know it's not part of the bargain , and your elders might not like it '' .
Alternatively , he might spread the front of the shirt across his body to stop it from slipping down his arm . 
During the 1920's the Abstractionists , the German Bauhaus group of industrial designers , and the new architects all had the dream of some well ordered utopia , or welfare state , in which their neat and logical constructions might find their proper place .
A computer failure delayed its earnings announcement , and some investors think it might have extra costs to repair damaged telephone lines .
Well perhaps a few , well-intentioned people like Jesse Helms [ the senator who criticised the NEA vigorously for allocating public funds to pornographic and blasphemous art ] might have said these things are disgusting . 
When these strictures are temporarily dilated by endoscopic stenting , the permanent presence of these clips might perhaps induce restricturing after stent removal . 
Accordingly , if epiphyseal-diaphyseal fusion occurs in this phalanx near menarche , early and late menarches might have been forecast rather precisely at the time of Onset of ossification for the 18 girls with `` same schedule '' .
You might not give Emma such a complete education as your powers would seem to promise ; but you were receiving a very good education from _her_ , on the very material matrimonial point of submitting your own will , and doing as you were bid ; and if Weston had asked me to recommend him a wife , I should certainly have named Miss Taylor ."
Mr . Knightley saw no such passion , and of course thought nothing of its effects ; but she saw too much of it to feel a doubt of its overcoming any hesitations that a reasonable prudence might originally suggest ; and more than a reasonable , becoming degree of prudence , she was very sure did not belong to Mr . Elton .
You must know best what will be its effect ; but had I not seriously , and from my heart believed it might be of service , might lessen her regrets , I would not have suffered myself to trouble you with this account of my family afflictions , with a recital which may seem to have been intended to raise myself at the expense of others ."
Emma was ready for her visitor some time before he appeared ; but if this reflected at all upon his impatience , his sorrowful look and total want of spirits when he did come might redeem him .
To be sure , she knew that the seeds could not sprout in a single night , but she had a feeling that _something_ might happen at any moment .
Not altogether a successful play , `` Epitaph For George Dillon '' overcomes through sheer vitality and power what in a lesser work might be crippling .
5 : 34 But I receive not testimony from man : but these things I say , that ye might be saved .
24 : 8 And I brought you into the land of the Amorites , which dwelt on the other side Jordan ; and they fought with you : and I gave them into your hand , that ye might possess their land ; and I destroyed them from before you .
It was some moments before it occurred to any of them that it might well be Chris or the tardy boy from the bistro , harmlessly appealing for admission to his promised evening of jollity and sustenance . 
Lucky now ( SNEEZES ) there ' s no knee - joint to make ; that might puzzle a little ; but a mere shinbone -- why it ' s easy as making hop - poles ; only I should like to put a good finish on .
3 : 1 Now these are the nations which the LORD left , to prove Israel by them , even as many of Israel as had not known all the wars of Canaan ; 3 : 2 Only that the generations of the children of Israel might know , to teach them war , at the least such as before knew nothing thereof ; 3 : 3 Namely , five lords of the Philistines , and all the Canaanites , and the Sidonians , and the Hivites that dwelt in mount Lebanon , from mount Baalhermon unto the entering in of Hamath .
Changing his clothes , he put on his dark-blue flannel suit , and laid away the gray jacket with the feeling that he might be putting it aside for good .
I think I was what you might call a convivial man , and yet it was when I was alone in my studio , doing my work , that I really felt alive .
YOUR sense of honour and honesty would have led you , I know , when aware of your situation , to attempt all the economy that would appear to you possible : and , perhaps , as long as your frugality retrenched only on your own comfort , you might have been suffered to practice it , but beyond that -- and how little could the utmost of your single management do to stop the ruin which had begun before your marriage ?-- Beyond THAT , had you endeavoured , however reasonably , to abridge HIS enjoyments , is it not to be feared , that instead of prevailing on feelings so selfish to consent to it , you would have lessened your own influence on his heart , and made him regret the connection which had involved him in such difficulties ?"
Feeling irritable and out of sorts , she took her tea into the workroom , hoping her carvings might be as therapeutic to her as to the people she carved them for . 
At 4 p. m. , they set out for a nearby cluster of houses , looking for information that might help them find the sniper and the insurgents who fired the mortars .
Even replica caves might be cold , she thought , slinging a yellow and white striped cotton blazer over her arm , and picking up her bag and camera on the way out to the car . 
The explosions came during a period of heightened nervousness throughout Europe over the possibility that Islamic terrorists might try to stage a major attack over the Christmas holiday .
A doctor said they might be suffering from malnutrition .
It had been a mistake the other day , a false alarm , and incalculable harm might be done if it were again too cold . 
If the thing was crawling close all around the house like a cat , it might have purposes worse even than blackmail .
Going in dismal weather , to return probably in worse ;-- four horses and four servants taken out for nothing but to convey five idle , shivering creatures into colder rooms and worse company than they might have had at home ."
2 : 3 I sought in mine heart to give myself unto wine , yet acquainting mine heart with wisdom ; and to lay hold on folly , till I might see what was that good for the sons of men , which they should do under the heaven all the days of their life .
The President and his advisers felt that the time might have come to warn Premier Khrushchev against a grave miscalculation in areas such as Berlin , Iran or Latin America from which there would be no turning back .
Her heart had been long growing kinder towards Jane ; and this picture of her present sufferings acted as a cure of every former ungenerous suspicion , and left her nothing but pity ; and the remembrance of the less just and less gentle sensations of the past , obliged her to admit that Jane might very naturally resolve on seeing Mrs . Cole or any other steady friend , when she might not bear to see herself .
` I thought if I planted a few seeds of jealousy in your mind it might just drive you into my arms that little bit sooner . " 
None of us can conceive that we might die before our parents . 
Whence Adam soon repealed The doubts that in his heart arose : and now Led on , yet sinless , with desire to know What nearer might concern him , how this world Of Heaven and Earth conspicuous first began ; When , and whereof created ; for what cause ; What within Eden , or without , was done Before his memory ; as one whose drouth Yet scarce allayed still eyes the current stream , Whose liquid murmur heard new thirst excites , Proceeded thus to ask his heavenly guest .
Florida protested that lower river levels might upset the delicate ecology of Apalachicola bay , and sink the area 's oyster industry . 
3 : 14 And he ordained twelve , that they should be with him , and that he might send them forth to preach , 3 : 15 And to have power to heal sicknesses , and to cast out devils : 3 : 16 And Simon he surnamed Peter ; 3 : 17 And James the son of Zebedee , and John the brother of James ; and he surnamed them Boanerges , which is , The sons of thunder : 3 : 18 And Andrew , and Philip , and Bartholomew , and Matthew , and Thomas , and James the son of Alphaeus , and Thaddaeus , and Simon the Canaanite , 3 : 19 And Judas Iscariot , which also betrayed him : and they went into an house .
The traditional method of slaughter by slow strangulation might well seem revolting but that is admitted to be a ` waning practice " . 
She has been recuperating from the shoulder wound at the Steadman-Hawkins Clinic and had made enough progress to prompt speculation that she might , after all , be fit to defend her French Open title . 
It is defined in terms of wages/salaries , number of perks , capacity for initiative , amount and nature of skills involved , security and the community esteem which might come from obtaining such jobs . 
stereo LSO 1066 ) that has some entertaining moments , although it is scarcely as inventive as the praise elicited by the show might lead one to expect .
She wished it might be possible for her to avoid ever seeing Captain Wentworth at the Hall : those rooms had witnessed former meetings which would be brought too painfully before her ; but she was yet more anxious for the possibility of Lady Russell and Captain Wentworth never meeting anywhere .
He braced himself with all his might , and pulled his best .
So one might expect chemical sensitivity to run in families , if enzyme defects are a common cause of the problem . 
If that man had not tried to stop us ... I might ... I might have stopped ."
The issue is clearly of grave concern to hundreds of thousands of families who risk losing their homes , and to local authorities that will have to shoulder the burden of the homelessness that might ensue .
" Secretary ," said the President seriously , " if you ' d take your head home and boil it for a turnip it might be useful .
He might as well have kicked me , and done with it .
In any case , she told Thompson that she saw no reason why he might not see Katie again , `` now that this frank explanation has been made & no one can misunderstand '' .
So in wooing militants he is not seeking only to heal the wounds of Punjab and Assam -- he is following the one strategy which might sustain him in power . 
8 : 11 Beware that thou forget not the LORD thy God , in not keeping his commandments , and his judgments , and his statutes , which I command thee this day : 8 : 12 Lest when thou hast eaten and art full , and hast built goodly houses , and dwelt therein ; 8 : 13 And when thy herds and thy flocks multiply , and thy silver and thy gold is multiplied , and all that thou hast is multiplied ; 8 : 14 Then thine heart be lifted up , and thou forget the LORD thy God , which brought thee forth out of the land of Egypt , from the house of bondage ; 8 : 15 Who led thee through that great and terrible wilderness , wherein were fiery serpents , and scorpions , and drought , where there was no water ; who brought thee forth water out of the rock of flint ; 8 : 16 Who fed thee in the wilderness with manna , which thy fathers knew not , that he might humble thee , and that he might prove thee , to do thee good at thy latter end ; 8 : 17 And thou say in thine heart , My power and the might of mine hand hath gotten me this wealth .
Elinor saw , and pitied her for , the neglect of abilities which education might have rendered so respectable ; but she saw , with less tenderness of feeling , the thorough want of delicacy , of rectitude , and integrity of mind , which her attentions , her assiduities , her flatteries at the Park betrayed ; and she could have no lasting satisfaction in the company of a person who joined insincerity with ignorance ; whose want of instruction prevented their meeting in conversation on terms of equality , and whose conduct toward others made every shew of attention and deference towards herself perfectly valueless .
The world might ring with the struggle , if we devoted ourselves exclusively to belaboring each other '' .
Now could I ( Caska ) name to thee a man , Most like this dreadfull Night , That Thunders , Lightens , opens Graues , and roares , As doth the Lyon in the Capitoll : A man no mightier then thy selfe , or me , In personall action ; yet prodigious growne , And fearefull , as these strange eruptions are
It might also suggest that if fat people have psychological problems , these may well be a result of the obesity , or at most a contributory factor . 
might serve to alter care by illuminating the possibility of death warrants further investigation .
" I suppose we might find it out from him ; but I confess that I should feel a bit afraid of asking Sunday who he really is ."
He saw a funny sight : Little Jack Rollaround was lying in his trundle - bed , and he had put up one little fat leg for a mast , and fastened the corner of his wee shirt to it for a sail ; and he was blowing at it with all his might , and saying , " Roll around !
Such an analogue might block the normal use of folic acid and cause intractable and fatal anaemia , so it would be a hazardous substance to try . 
Scepter and power , thy giving , I assume , And gladlier shall resign , when in the end Thou shalt be all in all , and I in thee For ever ; and in me all whom thou lovest : But whom thou hatest , I hate , and can put on Thy terrours , as I put thy mildness on , Image of thee in all things ; and shall soon , Armed with thy might , rid Heaven of these rebelled ; To their prepared ill mansion driven down , To chains of darkness , and the undying worm ; That from thy just obedience could revolt , Whom to obey is happiness entire .
It might have been more depressing if I had been otherwise ready to leave . 
Alexei 's favourite spot was in what he supposed might have been termed a clearing -- at least it was in the centre of a circle of four rocks , each one the size of a crouching man . 
On the ferry - boats the hundreds and hundreds that cross , returning home , are more curious to me than you suppose , And you that shall cross from shore to shore years hence are more to me , and more in my meditations , than you might suppose .
Him , after all disputes , Forced I absolve : all my evasions vain , And reasonings , though through mazes , lead me still But to my own conviction : first and last On me , me only , as the source and spring Of all corruption , all the blame lights due ; So might the wrath !
Ground meats such as fresh pork sausage and hamburger have a relatively short shelf life under refrigeration , and radiopasteurization might be thought to offer distinctly improved keeping qualities .
44 : 7 Therefore now thus saith the LORD , the God of hosts , the God of Israel ; Wherefore commit ye this great evil against your souls , to cut off from you man and woman , child and suckling , out of Judah , to leave you none to remain ; 44 : 8 In that ye provoke me unto wrath with the works of your hands , burning incense unto other gods in the land of Egypt , whither ye be gone to dwell , that ye might cut yourselves off , and that ye might be a curse and a reproach among all the nations of the earth ?
7 : 5 And their brethren among all the families of Issachar were valiant men of might , reckoned in all by their genealogies fourscore and seven thousand .
Men of family would not be very fond of connecting themselves with a girl of such obscurity -- and most prudent men would be afraid of the inconvenience and disgrace they might be involved in , when the mystery of her parentage came to be revealed .
The Commission might , after considering cost and other relevant evidence , establish a range of permissible rates for particular subclasses , with the Postal Service and individual mailers free thereafter to negotiate rates within this range ; or
My Columbia colleague Simon Schama 's Dead Certainties , also now several years old , was a deliberate effort to play with the elusive boundary between fiction and history and to suggest how the two might be fruitfully joined .
Cost comparisons showed that a subsea project to handle 50,000 barrels of oil a day might cost £21 million to develop by conventional means but could be built onshore and towed to the location for £17 million . 
Since Major is the first government leader from an EC country to have visited Clinton in the White House he might just have considered tackling them head on . 
Thus , we might provide limited assistance in such fields as education , essential transport , communications , and agricultural improvement despite the absence of acceptable country programs .
" I kept my letter open , that I might send you word how Louisa bore her journey , and now I am extremely glad I did , having a great deal to add .
" Quite seasonable ; and extremely fortunate we may think ourselves that it did not begin yesterday , and prevent this day ' s party , which it might very possibly have done , for Mr . Woodhouse would hardly have ventured had there been much snow on the ground ; but now it is of no consequence .
Scholars speculate that Shalim might have been an ancient Semitic deity of peace , for the name resembles the modern Hebrew and Arabic words for `` peace '' : shalom and salaam , respectively .
Postmaster General Burleson set about to protect the American people against radical propaganda that might be spread through the mails .
In Ata'i one might note the careers of six scholars as exceptions , in three of which the subjects changed careers under rather special circumstances , while in the other three Ata'i merely notes the change without comment . 
Sponsors of the bill , which Pericles himself is said to have promoted , might argue that the character of the city was in danger from a flood of immigrants . 
7 : 9 Now I rejoice , not that ye were made sorry , but that ye sorrowed to repentance : for ye were made sorry after a godly manner , that ye might receive damage by us in nothing .
Perhaps you might notice the ring when you saw him ?"
Elinor said no more ; it immediately struck her that she must then be writing to Willoughby ; and the conclusion which as instantly followed was , that , however mysteriously they might wish to conduct the affair , they must be engaged .
145 : 6 And men shall speak of the might of thy terrible acts : and I will declare thy greatness .
He is by no means the country boy he might have been in the last century , down from the hills with bear grease on his hair and a zeal for book learning in his heart .
Chaos is dull ; because in chaos the train might indeed go anywhere , to Baker Street or to Bagdad .
Whatever he might fling at her this time , she would not sit bowed and tongue-tied . 
In the event of enemy action , surely some , or all , might have been able to bale out if the plane had not immediately exploded .
Mr. Turner said the test initially will be used in conjunction with biopsies and other tests , but eventually might become the benchmark for tumor analysis .
Every one knows that by the peculiar cunning of their gills , the finny tribes in general breathe the air which at all times is combined with the element in which they swim ; hence , a herring or a cod might live a century , and never once raise its head above the surface .
South Korea made an eleventh hour concession on Aug. 12 by suggesting that the North might be permitted to select only those whom it wished to receive from the 61,000 names on the list . 
It might be an apparently intractable problem with the union , with negative attitudes all round , with inequitable payment systems , with incompetent management and interfering personnel departments . 
In any other place Sir Walter might judge for himself ; and would be looked up to , as regulating the modes of life in whatever way he might choose to model his household ."
Magee also received the impression that the man felt it to be his moral duty to warn a responsible person who might be able to do something about it . 
She saw that there had been bad habits ; that Sunday travelling had been a common thing ; that there had been a period of his life ( and probably not a short one ) when he had been , at least , careless in all serious matters ; and , though he might now think very differently , who could answer for the true sentiments of a clever , cautious man , grown old enough to appreciate a fair character ?
" You are more of a mystery than all the others ," she said desperately , " but I feel there might be a heart in your mystery ."
This way , depending on when a quake might strike , priorities can be assigned to departments that should be brought back on line first .
And , while a little pressure can do us good -- without it some of us might n't even bother to slither out from under the Slumberdown in the mornings -- too much is definitely a bad thing . 
He professed total ignorance of the crime and the whole question ; and showed nothing but a sullen impatience for something sensible that might come to take him out of his meaningless scrape .
There was some speculation by the estimable political correspondent , John Cole , ( brought back by the BBC for the conference ) about the role Lady Thatcher might play . 
We could climb to the church rock , as Harry did , but getting a prisoner down the slope again with us might be too dangerous and too slow . 
Because Holstein cattle weren't a beef breed , they were rarely seen on a ranch , though one might be found now and then for the milk supply .
He stood as opposed to Captain Wentworth , in all his own unwelcome obtrusiveness ; and the evil of his attentions last night , the irremediable mischief he might have done , was considered with sensations unqualified , unperplexed .
` I intended a salad but I thought you might have missed out on lunch so we 've got grilled lamb chops with minted potatoes and glazed carrots . " 
Poor Mr . Woodhouse little suspected what was plotting against him in the breast of that man whom he was so cordially welcoming , and so anxiously hoping might not have taken cold from his ride .-- Could he have seen the heart , he would have cared very little for the lungs ; but without the most distant imagination of the impending evil , without the slightest perception of any thing extraordinary in the looks or ways of either , he repeated to them very comfortably all the articles of news he had received from Mr . Perry , and talked on with much self - contentment , totally unsuspicious of what they could have told him in return .
He had picked up a trifle , he said , which was rather a curiosity , it was an ancient Greek dagger of the Mycenaean Epoch , and might well have been worn in the time of Theseus and Hippolyta .
But then I looked at Shirley and thought that I might as well -- the child needed her sleep , and Heaven knew what kind of a mess it would be , with Wally coming home drunk .
Officials hope that an early announcement might calm the soldiers . 
A few obvious target areas of great importance might be mentioned .
Be that how it may , there stands the vast arched bone of the whale ' s jaw , so wide , a coach might almost drive beneath it .
Five men in this place , they tell me , five men in this place who might have been fathers of families , and every one of them thinks he is God the Father .
Fearing that any investigation into this anti-communist network might be a prelude to his own eviction from the presidential palace , Mr Cossiga has tried to fight off all attempts to question him about Gladio . 
He owed it to her , to risk any thing that might be involved in an unwelcome interference , rather than her welfare ; to encounter any thing , rather than the remembrance of neglect in such a cause .
He was afraid to keep him in his own house because the old fellow rants and raves upon occasion and might distress Mrs Browning . 
It might have been easier for her if Kitti Walker hadn't been everything that Blanche was not .
Jane Fairfax did look and move superior ; but Emma suspected she might have been glad to change feelings with Harriet , very glad to have purchased the mortification of having loved -- yes , of having loved even Mr . Elton in vain -- by the surrender of all the dangerous pleasure of knowing herself beloved by the husband of her friend .
She tried to dissuade Mary from going , but in vain ; and that being the case , thought it best to accept the Miss Musgroves ' much more cordial invitation to herself to go likewise , as she might be useful in turning back with her sister , and lessening the interference in any plan of their own .
The people who possessed the skills to make metal might not need to work at producing their own food -- someone else could grow food for them . 
The landlord chuckled again with his lean chuckle , and seemed to be mightily tickled at something beyond my comprehension .
2 : 11 Whereas angels , which are greater in power and might , bring not railing accusation against them before the Lord .
Also news of such extravagance might have perturbed a suspicious Emperor . 
14 : 1 After two days was the feast of the passover , and of unleavened bread : and the chief priests and the scribes sought how they might take him by craft , and put him to death .
` If Brian 's not there , we might stay in . " 
In navy rope-soled canvas espadrilles , a white cricket hat and a yellow swimsuit under the shirt , she 'd felt equipped to face whatever the day might bring . 
He has changed his hour of going , I suppose , that is all , or I may be mistaken , I might not attend ;" and walked back to her chair , recomposed , and with the comfortable hope of having acquitted herself well .
` Your morals might reek of the dustbin , but the scenery is magnificent . " 
With the advances of modern science , and the social changes induced by it , the people of the next century might find it difficult to understand our way of life .
Indeed , if France were to hammer Wales at Parc des Princes and England win with plenty to spare at Lansdowne Road , then the representations from both the Principality and the Emerald Isle might be meagre indeed . 
John Knightley only was in mute astonishment .-- That a man who might have spent his evening quietly at home after a day of business in London , should set off again , and walk half a mile to another man ' s house , for the sake of being in mixed company till bed - time , of finishing his day in the efforts of civility and the noise of numbers , was a circumstance to strike him deeply .
And in this same last or shoe , that old woman of the nursery tale , with the swarming brood , might very comfortably be lodged , she and all her progeny .
Anxiously he bethought himself how he might get her in any way at all . 
Why , now , to look at ye all one might fancy one ' s self at the playhouse at once , or at a fancy ball in dear little Dublin .
How they were all to be conveyed , he would have made a difficulty if he could , but as his son and daughter ' s carriage and horses were actually at Hartfield , he was not able to make more than a simple question on that head ; it hardly amounted to a doubt ; nor did it occupy Emma long to convince him that they might in one of the carriages find room for Harriet also .
His denunciations and his shouting made even his staunchest admirers wonder sometimes whether it might not be better to change their allegiance to the calmer Dr McNab . 
This description recognizes that as yet unalienated land might have been used as wild pasture , just as an 1867 critic of bureaucratese can complain that the Crown lands are very frequently , in Government phrase , styled the waste lands of the Crown ... [ though ] they can not ... with propriety be called waste lands , for they are applied to the only purpose , speaking of them in general , to which they can ever be applied -- grazing .
Had the defeat been more decisive , Parizeau might have felt compelled to resign .
I despise Picasso 's negligence in not leaving documentary proof of his wish that ` Guernica " be housed in the Prado , so precluding that its lasting and ridiculous presence there might make visitors fall about laughing . 
The statement did not mention what steps might be taken to overcome the legal obstacles to desegregation .
The sight of them sent a warmth stealing through her veins , and she was afraid her new dress might soon smell of sweat like the old one . 
I had a hunch it might turn out like that . 
Chesarynth tried to swamp the thought that the box might be only a therapist 's tool . 
Please l know very well that this mail might come to you as a surprise , I am rs Dagmar a dying woman who has decided to donate what I have to the Church , Mosque or any Charity Organization round your community through your assistance since l will not be able to do this here in my community for the reason which l will explain to you later .
3 : 2 And they watched him , whether he would heal him on the sabbath day ; that they might accuse him .
A curious and most puzzling question might be started concerning this visual matter as touching the Leviathan .
Though there has been some avant garde indication that contemporary furniture might go back to the boxy look of the '20's and '40's , two manufacturers chose to take the approach of the sophisticated , but warm look in contemporary .
They might look cool in the pub and strutting around the car park at Ogwen Cottage , but when the chips were down you got wet .
The important point is that melatonin might be a link between the environment and body clock in ourselves also and its release might promote inactivity or tiredness . 
I was afraid it might rain for Christmas . " 
On May 18 the Court ruled 5:4 that those acquitted of crimes by reason of insanity could not , after regaining sanity , be kept in mental institutions on the grounds that they might still be dangerous .
When he remembered that he might have not signed the check , Mercer made out another for the same amount , instructing the bank to destroy the other -- especially if he had happened to have absent-mindedly signed both of them .
But if she were just having a normal case of pre-nuptial jitters such a question might frighten her out of a really good marriage .
The assistance he thought of , I dare say , was only such as might be reasonably expected of you ; for instance , such as looking out for a comfortable small house for them , helping them to move their things , and sending them presents of fish and game , and so forth , whenever they are in season .
` I had to rush around trying to find a farmer with a cart who might be going where I wanted , " Katz lamented , his woebegone countenance matching his sorry tale . 
She then left the room ; and Elinor dared not follow her to say more , for bound as she was by her promise of secrecy to Lucy , she could give no information that would convince Marianne ; and painful as the consequences of her still continuing in an error might be , she was obliged to submit to it .
Henceforth his might we know , and know our own , So as not either to provoke , or dread New war provoked : our better part remains To work in close design , by fraud or guile , What force effected not ; that he no less At length from us may find , who overcomes By force hath overcome but half his foe .
` You ca n't dismiss the possibility that the old man might have a plan , " Gabriel said stiffly . 
He might want her , but he did n't love her . 
They might ignore or slay .
If the atmosphere is clear you might just be able to make out the Mournes on the horizon .
She might be so bored that her jaw ached from trying not to yawn , but Nicolo -- Nicolo looked as if he were about to explode . 
If she avoided the train and hired a buggy , the stableman might have recognized her .
` Shy people have an overgenerous view of others " might be more accurate .
ACOG officials , who wo n't discuss specifics of its security plan , were mum over what help , if any , might be sought .
Webber 's job was to locate any pitfalls in the concept which might give substance to Wilson 's original ` maybe " about the show . 
Whether Mr Larson will ever start his new job , scheduled to begin in June , might be disputed by Mrs Elizabeth Prophet . 
The myths of Gallifrey talk about nameless horrors infesting our universe which were only defeated through the might of the Time Lords .
I twigged it , knew it ; had had the gift , might readily have prophesied it -- for when I clapped my eye upon his skull I saw it .
A successful businessman recently prefaced his address to a luncheon group with the statement that all economists should be sent to the hospitals for the mentally deranged where they and their theories might rot together .
What would have happened , she wondered , if she 'd told the woman the truth , that it just might be the end of the world , that she could n't keep going through the days this way , plodding from home to work and back again , with nothing to devote her energies to , nothing to occupy her thoughts -- except Nicolo , and how much she despised him ? 
" There appeared such a perfectly good understanding among them all --" he began rather quickly , but checking himself , added , " however , it is impossible for me to say on what terms they really were -- how it might all be behind the scenes .
A slight discoloration of the lining of the breast pocket of the jacket suggested that there might have been a tailor 's label , but if there had been , it had been removed . 
When the hay wagon had gone , and an interval passed , a huckster's cart might turn the corner .
Elsewhere in the Black Country in 1741 , William Hutton might also have seen women at the family forges making chains , nuts , bolts and screws , though these were much less populated trades than was nail making . 
If , on the other hand , someone had dragged his unconscious body after slugging him with Dora 's missing golf-club , there might be other shreds of cloth lying about . 
i i might have seen part of that because the name sounds familiar
I really think Charles might as well have told his father we would all come .
If you 've got big compost , then maybe the heat of the compost might kill them , but as much as that , it will probably just rejuvenate them .
They might well talk to a pretty lady when they would hesitate to confide in an old man like me . " 
The session ended with an extraordinary meeting demanded by the Conservative junior ministers in order that they might express their discontent to the Cabinet members of their own party . 
If correct , this hypothesis might explain why these people so many thousands of years ago went to the trouble and danger of penetrating so deeply into the cave for this purpose .
For example , the steering committee might announce that the group felt a topic under study should not be dropped for an additional week as there was still too much of it untouched .
I have been always used to a very small income , and could struggle with any poverty for him ; but I love him too well to be the selfish means of robbing him , perhaps , of all that his mother might give him if he married to please her .
Presumably , it was placed so that visitors might sit there and look at the sea , but one hardly expected to find anyone doing it in such weather .
And , quickly now , the irrevocable moment was approaching , when his passion , which she could feel hard against her , would demand fulfilment , and in doing so might destroy the fragile palace of love which they were building together . 
" And I have not forgotten ," said Emma , " how sure you were that he might have come sooner if he would .
`` I might point out that your inability to report to my office this morning when you were instructed to do so has not ah limited my knowledge of your activities as you may have hoped '' .
It was an exceedingly LONG LAY that , indeed ; and though from the magnitude of the figure it might at first deceive a landsman , yet the slightest consideration will show that though seven hundred and seventy - seven is a pretty large number , yet , when you come to make a TEENTH of it , you will then see , I say , that the seven hundred and seventy - seventh part of a farthing is a good deal less than seven hundred and seventy - seven gold doubloons ; and so I thought at the time .
It was safe to assume that Papa , sighing heavily , had said many times to his remaining daughter , `` Thank God your poor mother was spared this '' , and indeed it might be true that it had been easier for Henrietta to leave , with her hand in Charles' hand , just because her `` poor mother '' was gone already and would never know .
[ 5 ] suggested that the increase in portal blood flow might be the only change required to explain the meal effect .
Sir Walter wanted to know whether the Crofts travelled with four horses , and whether they were likely to be situated in such a part of Bath as it might suit Miss Elliot and himself to visit in ; but had little curiosity beyond .
Happy to find that she was not suspected of any extraordinary interest in it ; that Mrs . Jennings ( as she had of late often hoped might be the case ) had ceased to imagine her at all attached to Edward ; and happy above all the rest , in the absence of Marianne , she felt very well able to speak of the affair without embarrassment , and to give her judgment , as she believed , with impartiality on the conduct of every one concerned in it .
I dare say a few prize juries might be peeved at having their judgment queried , too . 
Yet as she was convinced that Marianne ' s affection for Willoughby , could leave no hope of Colonel Brandon ' s success , whatever the event of that affection might be , and at the same time wished to shield her conduct from censure , she thought it most prudent and kind , after some consideration , to say more than she really knew or believed .
Worse still people might come to resent you monopolising the conversation . 
This was at first resolved , If we were wise , against so great a foe Contending , and so doubtful what might fall .
It was rather a horrid mist ; you felt as if it might be concealing peering , grinning creatures who were being very careful to stay just out of sight , but who were creeping after you as you rode along , or who were tiptoeing on ahead of you , rubbing their hands together , waiting until you reached them …
Pound replied that Aristophanes might be depressing , and that to raise the heavy phallus to its desired height Dixie folk melodies might be more effective . 
it is a tax benefit which might be of substantial value to a corporation which expects to have a high excess profits tax .
`` Do you have any idea who might have been in charge at the time '' ? ?
I pondered what this quality might be -- not unselfishness , which it might have been , for I knew selfish mothers ; not gravitas , not responsibility . 
5 : 20 Moreover the law entered , that the offence might abound .
35 : 15 And the singers the sons of Asaph were in their place , according to the commandment of David , and Asaph , and Heman , and Jeduthun the king ' s seer ; and the porters waited at every gate ; they might not depart from their service ; for their brethren the Levites prepared for them .
6 : 13 Therefore was he hired , that I should be afraid , and do so , and sin , and that they might have matter for an evil report , that they might reproach me .
Bob was always evasive about Tessa , which made Jannie suspect that he might be serious about her . 
Let us take a set of circumstances in which I happen to be interested on the legislative side and in which I think every one of us might naturally make such a statement .
Heart filled with pathos , I slipped through one of the windows , and stepped gingerly around the saplings and splintered tiles , afraid I might crash into the cellar . 
Yet she smiled , because movement in the limbs meant a possible wholeness of bone , while open eyes were always a good sign , a message that the brain might be intact and undamaged . 
Jane reflected that if she 'd been enormous , with masses of stomach and bust up front , Lajos might have thought twice about bashing her . 
One target might be , for example , £100,000 worth of new business .
He had been afraid that they might stupidly kick over the pail and spill the berries , and he had hurried to drive whoever it was away .
The oxen might as well enjoy it .
76 : 5 The stouthearted are spoiled , they have slept their sleep : and none of the men of might have found their hands .
` Might I suggest Brie fritters , followed by baked fish , with shredded lettuce , lemon slices , and rice flavoured with fresh herbs ? " 
This might have something to do with pacifying the masses , since the 15,000 foreign delegates had unprecedented freedom to mingle with ordinary North Koreans , normally isolated from foreigners . 
The seller of specialist magazines grimaced when she smiled and as he pushed the door shut to the frisky chiming of the bell he grunted , ` Try the showroom , they might know . 
And Sam thanked her , and hoped he might meet her nephew back home , and asked her if she had any further news of the Pope .
She plaited her hair so tightly that it hurt her , straining hair and flesh until it felt as though the white seam down the back of her head might split and the brains gush out . 
She kept a commonplace book unknown to all but Dimity , who sometimes pointed out a passage in her reading which she felt might appeal to her friend .
I left them there and came on to Hartfield , impatient for your opinion , and hoping you might be persuaded to join them and give your advice on the spot .
The white chair looks soluble , as if it might crumble , collapsing into a pile of infinitesimal white flakes . 
They fear the small chunks of frozen propellant might damage critical optical sensors on a Soyuz capsule attached to the station and needed by the three Mir cosmonauts to return to Earth next month .
Whatever satisfaction that might offer .
If the draught is sluggish , it may be improved by fitting vents in wooden floors near to the fireplace ; or you might have to install a vent in an outside wall .
Sir Walter , without hesitation , declared the Admiral to be the best - looking sailor he had ever met with , and went so far as to say , that if his own man might have had the arranging of his hair , he should not be ashamed of being seen with him any where ; and the Admiral , with sympathetic cordiality , observed to his wife as they drove back through the park , " I thought we should soon come to a deal , my dear , in spite of what they told us at Taunton .
17 : 7 There was also another great eagle with great wings and many feathers : and , behold , this vine did bend her roots toward him , and shot forth her branches toward him , that he might water it by the furrows of her plantation .
Perhaps a course in typewriting might be regarded as the exception which proves the rule .
Miss Nash had told her all this , and had talked a great deal more about Mr . Elton ; and said , looking so very significantly at her , " that she did not pretend to understand what his business might be , but she only knew that any woman whom Mr . Elton could prefer , she should think the luckiest woman in the world ; for , beyond a doubt , Mr . Elton had not his equal for beauty or agreeableness ."
The Prime Minister retorted angrily : ` I do believe that on reflection you might be ashamed of some of the things you have just said . " 
Palfrey told his wife of his intentions for the first time , and left for New Orleans apprehensively invoking a special blessing of Providence that he might be allowed to see his family again .
You 'd take in an incapable because if he fell in the roadway , he might get run over . 
You chose to believe a stinking little rat who ca n't take the fact that a woman might just be better at his job than he is ! "
I felt that he looked at me coldly and appraisingly and seemed to be uncertain what his attitude towards me should be , but he did not say one word which might indicate that he had been told of advances to his wife .
She would confess her deception to the castle priest later , Isabel promised her conscience , and then wondered if , in fact , the chapel might provide the privacy she craved . 
6 : 8 Oh that I might have my request ; and that God would grant me the thing that I long for !
I was more worried that he might fall over and hurt himself . 
Thus an efficient approach might be simply to remove the effects of the equity price fall on the change in wealth in 1987 Q4 , i.e. to treat the stock market crash as unanticipated .
Nor was the thought that he alone might hold the key to the mystery the sole component in his strangely elated state . 
Well might Charles wonder how Captain Wentworth would feel !
The bird 's darting eye sought his frantically before it glazed ; he thought as it twitched about on the hard dry clods that he might break its neck to bring its death throes to an end . 
Elinor did not offer to detain him ; and they parted , with a very earnest assurance on HER side of her unceasing good wishes for his happiness in every change of situation that might befall him ; on HIS , with rather an attempt to return the same good will , than the power of expressing it .
It might be postulated that these subjects are unduly afraid of being wrong ; ;
Her own lips twitched and , even if his smile had n't made it , try as she might , she could n't hold hers in . 
Perhaps he wanted to speak to her , of his attachment to Harriet ; he might be watching for encouragement to begin .-- She did not , could not , feel equal to lead the way to any such subject .
Though Cecilia ' s companions might not know all this in theory , they proved it in practice ; for they loved her in a much higher proportion to her merits than they loved Leonora .
While these devices might win one election by dramatically increasing electoral turnout , the new voters mobilized by such appeals could only be the least politically informed citizens , and the most susceptible to authoritarian views . 
13 : 10 And it came to pass , that as soon as he had made an end of offering the burnt offering , behold , Samuel came ; and Saul went out to meet him , that he might salute him .
This might mean , of course , that he had only just broken prison ; but it reminded me more of the desperate decency of the comparatively respectable poor .
They might have called Sunday the super - man .
And as if the now tested reality of his might had in former legendary times thrown its shadow before it ; we find some book naturalists -- Olassen and Povelson -- declaring the Sperm Whale not only to be a consternation to every other creature in the sea , but also to be so incredibly ferocious as continually to be athirst for human blood .
Therefore , do not imagine , in your innocence , that we have only to melt away among those English hills as a Highland cateran might into your god - forsaken Highland mountains .
" I hope I should know better ," he replied ; " no , depend upon it , ( with a gallant bow ,) that in addressing Mrs . Weston I should understand whom I might praise without any danger of being thought extravagant in my terms ."
It was weather which might fairly confine every body at home ; and though she hoped and believed him to be really taking comfort in some society or other , it was very pleasant to have her father so well satisfied with his being all alone in his own house , too wise to stir out ; and to hear him say to Mr . Knightley , whom no weather could keep entirely from them ,--
I cannot help thinking , in short , that means might have been found .
You might assume that the quarter-point hike means the Fed is n't that worried about inflation , even though there are signs that continued strong demand and tight labor markets are beginning to make themselves felt .
Had Krim gone farther from New York than Chapel Hill , he might have discovered that large numbers of American Jews do not find his New York version of the Jews' lot remotely recognizable .
Sad were they When dawned the morning of Christmas - day ; Their little darling no joy might stir , St Nicholas nothing would bring to her !
Always provided that Lucien himself had not dosed her coffee with opium , she thought , as coldly and sharply , again , as Maude might have said it .
2 : 23 I thank thee , and praise thee , O thou God of my fathers , who hast given me wisdom and might , and hast made known unto me now what we desired of thee : for thou hast now made known unto us the king ' s matter .
`` I might '' .
4 : 17 Notwithstanding the Lord stood with me , and strengthened me ; that by me the preaching might be fully known , and that all the Gentiles might hear : and I was delivered out of the mouth of the lion .
And if Orrie had not already tramped all over it this morning , since his discovery , nosing out the signs of trespass , there just might be something to be found . 
Thus a minor lane between two Iron Age villages might have been improved and linked with others to become a road between a Roman estate centre and one of its dependent farms . 
expressed Immutable , when thou wert lost , not I ; Who might have lived , and joyed immortal bliss , Yet willingly chose rather death with thee ?
He bethought himself guiltily of Sergeant Crane , who might be assumed to be waiting to continue the conversation that Francesca 's call had interrupted , and padded down the corridor . 
When reaching far over the bow , Stubb slowly churned his long sharp lance into the fish , and kept it there , carefully churning and churning , as if cautiously seeking to feel after some gold watch that the whale might have swallowed , and which he was fearful of breaking ere he could hook it out .
However , media reports speculated that the motive might be criminal , because the area is a mecca of the Tel Aviv underworld .
14 : 15 Now the rest of the acts of Jehoash which he did , and his might , and how he fought with Amaziah king of Judah , are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel ?
However , with airline stocks cratering , he might not get a very good price for his shares , traders say .
This was a pleasure which perhaps the whole day ' s visit might not afford , which certainly did not belong to the present half - hour ; but the very sight of Mrs . Weston , her smile , her touch , her voice was grateful to Emma , and she determined to think as little as possible of Mr . Elton ' s oddities , or of any thing else unpleasant , and enjoy all that was enjoyable to the utmost .
He regarded Lexandro musingly as a brother might a sister whose honour he must protect -- a sentiment which Lexandro had purged from his own soul , though he recognized the symptoms . 
Thinking that viewed in some particular lights , the case might by a bare possibility in some small degree be deemed , under the circumstances , a rather hard one , an honest clergyman of the town respectfully addressed a note to his Grace , begging him to take the case of those unfortunate mariners into full consideration .
Hopping 's letter : `` Never Ask a Uruguayan Waitress for a Little Box : She Might Apply Her Foot to Your Eyelet , '' by John Cassidy [ X ,1 ] ; `` Mrs .
But the look of dislike , which Alice was afraid might be what Roberta did feel for her , was replaced with Roberta 's more amiable look , and she sat up , feeling for cigarettes . 
But a young American has a bath next to his room and I shall ask him if you might use it this once .
Outside of cutting your fingers , maybe you would come up with nothing at all , but then again , you might turn out some dandy little gadgets .
When you find one of these giants embedded in the honey-coloured limestones of central England or the hard blue rocks of Dorset , you might think that such immense creatures could do little but lumber massively along the sea bed . 
16 : 12 And the sixth angel poured out his vial upon the great river Euphrates ; and the water thereof was dried up , that the way of the kings of the east might be prepared .
" You might at least have sold them that information , " I snarled . 
Starting from other value premises than Fromm's , some analysts might conclude that the percentages really tell us very little at all , while others might even conclude that the figures are remarkably low .
It might be thought that in a reign which saw bitter struggles between king and nobles the church , if astutely led , could gain some significant concessions in exchange for support carefully distributed . 
NORTHANTS might just struggle to hold on to the NatWest trophy they won on Sunday .
We might at least be fair about the ways in which we account for pupils ' behaviour . 
He repeated , however , that he trusted he should bear it well , whatever it might be .
Marianne lifted up her eyes in astonishment , and Elinor conjectured that she might as well have held her tongue .
Sated at length , ere long I might perceive Strange alteration in me , to degree Of reason in my inward powers ; and speech Wanted not long ; though to this shape retained .
11 : 24 These things did Benaiah the son of Jehoiada , and had the name among the three mighties .
So , not only had he been here before , but it seemed he might well come again .
A prayer was said for Iraqi soldiers , that they might die with the name of Jesus on their lips and be saved from eternal damnation . 
It was possible that you might retain the feelings of the past , as I did ; and one encouragement happened to be mine .
Two years hence they might say something quite different . "
He could only guess at where the angled metal of the sprung bolt might be , and hope that with sufficient working around the card would eventually ease it back . 
Some mothers might have encouraged the intimacy from motives of interest , for Edward Ferrars was the eldest son of a man who had died very rich ; and some might have repressed it from motives of prudence , for , except a trifling sum , the whole of his fortune depended on the will of his mother .
Curtis , meanwhile , as the result of his meditations on how a federated empire might collectively discharge its duty to the backward races under British rule , had begun to reach the conclusion that the answer was to train them for eventual self-government . 
They did not like each other , and no renewal of acquaintance now could do any good ; and were Lady Russell to see them together , she might think that he had too much self - possession , and she too little .
Anne , finding she might decline it , did so , very gratefully .
They , in their different homes , and their different ways , might be looking back on it with pleasure ; but in her view it was a morning more completely misspent , more totally bare of rational satisfaction at the time , and more to be abhorred in recollection , than any she had ever passed .
And she stood up as the song ended , clapping with all her might .
Ruth guessed that the seating arrangements were for the benefit of whoever might be watching their departure , and that they would not prevail . 
She might have been absolutely rich and perfectly healthy , and yet be happy .
His father was rendered easy by such an assurance , and Mr . John Dashwood had then leisure to consider how much there might prudently be in his power to do for them .
You might haue Rim ' d
It was also hoped that responses to a mail questionnaire would suggest fruitful inquiries that might be made in subsequent studies of a more detailed nature .
Carson McCullers , after a long , painful illness that might have crushed a less-indomitable soul , has come back with an absolute gem of a novel which jumped high on best-seller lists even before official publication .
If he had had his terrible gun with him , it might have been different .
She was very far from wishing to dwell on her own feelings , or to represent herself as suffering much , any otherwise than as the self - command she had practised since her first knowledge of Edward ' s engagement , might suggest a hint of what was practicable to Marianne .
10 : 1 Brethren , my heart ' s desire and prayer to God for Israel is , that they might be saved .
All this might run the risk of leaving the old hall under-used a hall lined with wood , acoustically marvellous but in danger of neglect . 
15 : 19 And Pul the king of Assyria came against the land : and Menahem gave Pul a thousand talents of silver , that his hand might be with him to confirm the kingdom in his hand .
They must be taking off some trouble from the good people she was with ; they might at least relieve Mrs Harville from the care of her own children ; and in short , they were so happy in the decision , that Anne was delighted with what she had done , and felt that she could not spend her last morning at Uppercross better than in assisting their preparations , and sending them off at an early hour , though her being left to the solitary range of the house was the consequence .
_He could now lay down his life that the life of another might be saved ! _
The only area in which one might find major disagreement in this matter is in regard to the alveolar distribution of the bronchial arteries .
Restrictions on the private ownership and sale of agricultural land were lifted , and land redistributed under previous agrarian reforms might now be used as collateral against agricultural loans .
Race-drivers , on the other hand , are quite often killed on the circuit , and since it was obviously Mr. Remarque's intention to establish automobile racing as life in microcosm , one might reasonably have expected him to demonstrate precise knowledge not only of techniques but of mores and attitudes .
Scalia , notes the Times , went on to claim that the decision does not abrogate all `` genuine but innocuous differences in the ways men and women routinely interact with members of the same sex and of the opposite sex , `` and all the papers give his example : a football coach slapping a player 's rear on the way to the field would be lawful , while the same gesture directed at the coach 's ( female or male ) secretary might not be .
they compose a painful elegy to what might have been , to a marriage that began with a promise of happiness , and ended in long years of suffering and hatred .
9 : 19 For though I be free from all men , yet have I made myself servant unto all , that I might gain the more .
Imagine my excitement , therefore , when it seemed recently that I might have stumbled across it in the shape of the Tower House in Malmesbury , Wiltshire . 
Had they wanted a Gothic design , they might well have restricted entries to Britain .
In the days when contraception was still a rarity , every husband knew , if he chose to think of it , that by sleeping with his wife he might imperil her life .
He might even try to inflame the menfolk of Banda into stoning Jane . 
If the subordinate has to be so elaborately controlled the supervisor might just as well undertake the task .
Perhaps , he suggested , we might take a pause here , as the sound of my tears hitting the green-felt table sounded exactly like the BBC Effects Department 's tape of galloping horses . 
Moreover, where labour disputes in small enterprises might cause little stir, stoppages in major plants proved highly contagious. 
Somebody might mistake you for a woman '' .
Discrepancies between North Korean declarations and IAEA inspection findings indicate that North Korea might have reprocessed enough plutonium for one or two nuclear weapons . 
Katherine was staying at a convent , and her mother felt that , as Thompson himself seems to have suggested , she might eventually stay there .
It might have continued had a prisoner on death row , Almond Nofomela , not made a dramatic confession on the eve of his execution on October 19 , 1989 . 
We might even get a decent day 's work out of ` em . " 
But my captain might have been a Jew , but he wasn't a Jew .
The question might be asked : `` Don't the managements of the heavy-electrical-goods manufacturers know these facts ? ?
He might , perhaps , be excused for this hungry attention .
Similar results might be expected from the influence of drugs or pathological conditions that limit iodide trapping , or organification , or accelerate thyroglobulin proteolysis .
Design could never bring them in each other ' s way : negligence could never leave them exposed to a surprise ; and chance had less in its favour in the crowd of London than even in the retirement of Barton , where it might force him before her while paying that visit at Allenham on his marriage , which Mrs . Dashwood , from foreseeing at first as a probable event , had brought herself to expect as a certain one .
43 : 1 And it came to pass , that when Jeremiah had made an end of speaking unto all the people all the words of the LORD their God , for which the LORD their God had sent him to them , even all these words , 43 : 2 Then spake Azariah the son of Hoshaiah , and Johanan the son of Kareah , and all the proud men , saying unto Jeremiah , Thou speakest falsely : the LORD our God hath not sent thee to say , Go not into Egypt to sojourn there : 43 : 3 But Baruch the son of Neriah setteth thee on against us , for to deliver us into the hand of the Chaldeans , that they might put us to death , and carry us away captives into Babylon .
I 'd rung him that morning to ask for a fully detailed breakdown of Moira 's financial history , in the vague hope that there might be something of interest there . 
The parent of a group filing consolidated returns might be treated as the same corporation following a reorganization defined in section 368(a)(1) , but as a different corporation for this purpose after a tax-free acquisition by another corporation which had not , for example , elected to file consolidated returns with its own subsidiaries .
Already , on the dock below , taxis were lining up , waiting for passengers who might want to tour the island independently , rather than join the organised excursions by coach . 
A vapour barrier is installed to resist the passage through the structure , from the interior of the dwelling , of water vapour which might otherwise condense and create conditions of damp . 
Although it might be seen as commendable to make the interpretation of pronunciation symbols as easy as possible for the laziest users , I have little sympathy for the policy : in most cases , those who are too lazy to learn even the rudimentary respelling systems used in popular dictionaries ( like the various college and desk dictionaries ) are also too lazy to look up the pronunciation of a name or word , as is evidenced daily in the utterances of newscasters and announcers .
With this evidence in mind , the writer began to plan how he might more effectively educate the married students in his functional classes .
A detailed scouring of the entire area revealed nothing beyond a ledge of rocks that might have been the rifleman's hiding place .
" Originally , it might be called a phase in the quarrel between science and religion ."
But having plenty of line yet in the tubs , and the whale not sounding very rapidly , they paid out abundance of rope , and at the same time pulled with all their might so as to get ahead of the ship .
Special mention might also be made of another much more recent source particularly concerned with Molla Fenari , namely the comprehensive biography by the historian of Amasya , Huseyin Husameddin . 
15 : 4 Absalom said moreover , Oh that I were made judge in the land , that every man which hath any suit or cause might come unto me , and I would do him justice !
It reflects moral regret for having violated a situation of trust , and it shows concern that someone might have been hurt . " 
We do n't have an absolute deadline and if market conditions are truly awful we might decide it is not the right time , '' to take particular steps , said Michael Prideaux , a B.A.T spokesman .
One conclusive test was conducted by an American bishop , suspicious that there might be a ventriloquist hidden behind a curtain .
20 : 20 And the rest of the acts of Hezekiah , and all his might , and how he made a pool , and a conduit , and brought water into the city , are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah ?
Others mentioned that I might have had to ask friends or even strangers for help and that to be stranded in a foreign country without sufficient funds did not contribute to international understanding .
Most earnestly did she wish that he might not be too nice , or too observant if Elizabeth were his object ; and that Elizabeth was disposed to believe herself so , and that her friend Mrs Clay was encouraging the idea , seemed apparent by a glance or two between them , while Mr Elliot ' s frequent visits were talked of .
This was against her ; but on the other hand , he spent so much of his time at Uppercross , that in removing thence she might be considered rather as leaving him behind , than as going towards him ; and , upon the whole , she believed she must , on this interesting question , be the gainer , almost as certainly as in her change of domestic society , in leaving poor Mary for Lady Russell .
For example , estimates for the implicit marginal social benefit from saving life in the UK range from 20 million in the case of building regulations introduced after the Ronan Point disaster to 50 for a rarely used test in pregnant women that might prevent some still-births .
Mr. Fukuyama might want to consult some American workers on the subject of class and egalitarianism .
4 : 8 Now ye are full , now ye are rich , ye have reigned as kings without us : and I would to God ye did reign , that we also might reign with you .
You 've picked up a book -- you might even have bought it -- that you thought was about cancer , but all you 're getting is an incoherent autobiography about an unknown . 
She had great pleasure in hearing Frank Churchill talked of ; and , for his sake , greater pleasure than ever in seeing Mr . and Mrs . Weston ; she was very often thinking of him , and quite impatient for a letter , that she might know how he was , how were his spirits , how was his aunt , and what was the chance of his coming to Randalls again this spring .
When police in Cleveland pinned on station noticeboards photos of people they suspected might be infected with the Aids virus , the two probation officers who disclosed this practice were disciplined . 
Pike was curled up into a ball , like a hedgehog , clutching his wig to him the way a kid might hold on to its teddy before going to sleep . 
I felt that any response I might make to this sad ending would be inadequate to the occasion . 
That God might enter the pain of the beaten or raped woman , or be privy both to that pain and the power of healing from that pain , is a revelatory insight . 
Ford urged Morgan to capture these men , who , he thought , might be disguised as Quakers or peasants .
The world might want to believe that the Khmer Rouge ca n't still be such bad guys , just as in the late 1970s it was reluctant to credit the reports of genocide then taking place .
Holman 's hand found the soft curve of Casey 's waist and he dreaded the telephone call that might take him away from her . 
And perhaps that was all she could hope , that her pain , her regret for what might have been , would be anaesthetised . 
Wheeler might well say you are a bad electioneerer .
2 : 14 When he arose , he took the young child and his mother by night , and departed into Egypt : 2 : 15 And was there until the death of Herod : that it might be fulfilled which was spoken of the Lord by the prophet , saying , Out of Egypt have I called my son .
These concessionaires traded where they wished and generally dealt with the Indians through engages , who might be habitants , voyageurs , or even soldiers .
If people have been wavering about giving us information this might just be the thing to make them come forward
The way that this has been done in the past is the subject of the next chapter ; the way that it might be done in the future is the justification for this book .
Son , thou in whom my glory I behold In full resplendence , Heir of all my might , Nearly it now concerns us to be sure Of our Omnipotence , and with what arms We mean to hold what anciently we claim Of deity or empire : Such a foe Is rising , who intends to erect his throne Equal to ours , throughout the spacious north ; Nor so content , hath in his thought to try In battle , what our power is , or our right .
But what if better counsels might erect Our minds , and teach us to cast off this yoke ?
Adam had a shirt on , the kind that buttons up , not a T-shirt , but now he began to take it off , having an idea of what might be about to happen . 
There ' s the respect That makes Calamity of so long life : For who would beare the Whips and Scornes of time , The Oppressors wrong , the poore mans Contumely , The pangs of dispriz ' d Loue , the Lawes delay , The insolence of Office , and the Spurnes That patient merit of the vnworthy takes , When he himselfe might his Quietus make With a bare Bodkin ?
I might have felt a little downcast at that point , only the evening had made me feel more encouraged about my prospects with her than I 'd felt for some time . 
On days when he was particularly active , other items of news which might have appeared in the ten-minute English language bulletins were squeezed out of those in the Zambian languages . 
The pianoforte at which Marianne , wrapped up in her own music and her own thoughts , had by this time forgotten that any body was in the room besides herself , was luckily so near them that Miss Dashwood now judged she might safely , under the shelter of its noise , introduce the interesting subject , without any risk of being heard at the card - table .
Her guests might have preferred to drink their tea on the verandah outside , since at that moment it was not raining .
I might abuse my kids , but where 's the harm in that ?
And every sound that might be the rain also might be the man who thinks after he has raped you he has to beat your brains out with a tire tool so you won't tell , a combination like ham and eggs , rape her and kill her , and that is being an old maid too .
How her temper and understanding might bear the investigation of his present keener time of life was another concern and rather a fearful one .
The absence of any clear cut environmental influences on the variable hepatic response to alcohol has recently diverted attention towards a search for genetic factors that might offer an explanation . 
Our major problem is what an enemy might accomplish in an initial attack on a target .
Upon second thought we were forced to realize that we have very few reliable historical benchmarks against which we might compare the present situation , and that conclusions that present-day students are `` more '' or `` less '' religious could not be defended on the basis of our data .
I swear that he might have twisted it off had I understood what it would mean to Garcia .
I am about to retort that I have no car , when it occurs to me that it might be something he wanted to find out . 
The astounding indulgences granted Winterbotham by the regime apparently formed part of a scheme to woo ranking foreigners and through them impress their governments with Germany 's mounting might . 
11 : 22 For if ye shall diligently keep all these commandments which I command you , to do them , to love the LORD your God , to walk in all his ways , and to cleave unto him ; 11 : 23 Then will the LORD drive out all these nations from before you , and ye shall possess greater nations and mightier than yourselves .
Genesis might as well be , say , Microsoft -- you know , no neckties , brainy employees , only the freshest fruit juice in the machines .
But at last a soft , genial morning appeared ; such as might tempt the daughter ' s wishes and the mother ' s confidence ; and Marianne , leaning on Elinor ' s arm , was authorised to walk as long as she could without fatigue , in the lane before the house .
Mrs. Gandhi had been assassinated by separatist Sikhs , and many Indians feared their country might split apart .
What other reason for the disclosure of the affair could there be , but that Elinor might be informed by it of Lucy ' s superior claims on Edward , and be taught to avoid him in future ?
How perceptive of her to realize that the entity might thrive on violent opposition . 
Then he began to laugh , as he thought of how funny Buster Bear had looked with the pail about his neck , and then because , you know he is learning to be a philosopher , he once more repeated , " It might have been worse .
It is the part of men , to feare and tremble , When the most mightie Gods , by tokens send Such dreadfull Heraulds , to astonish vs
However , the questions and answers relating to the officers ' comments on what they had observed during surveillance might well have been edited out . 
Occasionally auctions contain items so interesting that critics in newspapers comment on their quality , not just the prices they might fetch . 
There ' s another : why might not that bee the Scull of a Lawyer ?
Though his visits to the confectioner ' s were thus at an end , there were many other shops open to him ; and with officious zeal he offered his services to the new manager , to purchase whatever might be wanting for the theatre .
You can have been acquainted with it only since I came to Bath , excepting as you might hear me previously spoken of in my own family ."
Any one of them might have been used for an unlawful occasion , but , if so , the most diligent inquiries failed to bring it to light . 
Don ' t you know you might have killed that chap ?"
Before my God , I might not this beleeue Without the sensible and true auouch Of mine owne eyes
Blanche decided to feign stupidity so that the Commander could patronise her and she might discover how and why Spittals had been looking into her investigation behind her back . 
` Me , " announced Samuel , less happily than he might otherwise have done . 
But the prisoner who feels integrity and a sense of loyalty to his own group , although he may sincerely repent his crime , might find it difficult to express this publicly . 
And size and temperature even explain much of the variation in mortality rates between species—which one might have thought to be strongly dependent on external factors such as predators—perhaps through metabolism 's influence on aging processes , such as free-radical damage to the genome .
A realistic `` concert of free nations '' might be expected to consist of an `` inner community '' of the North Atlantic nations and an `` outer community '' embracing much or all of the non-Communist world .
It 's so festive , you might forget the cold .
A call in the evening might warn her something 's up . " 
9 : 22 What if God , willing to shew his wrath , and to make his power known , endured with much longsuffering the vessels of wrath fitted to destruction : 9 : 23 And that he might make known the riches of his glory on the vessels of mercy , which he had afore prepared unto glory , 9 : 24 Even us , whom he hath called , not of the Jews only , but also of the Gentiles ?
This fact is consonant, to say the least, with the long philosophical dispute about causation and time , including the idea that causes might not only be simultaneous with their effects but might come after their effects. 
The wine intake might be justified by the mass communions in St Peter 's , he suggested . 
The new year might see some house-cleaning , either genuine or token , depending upon developments , to give Davis an opportunity to combat some of these criticisms .
For a chemical process the first of these might involve the concentrations of the different chemical species , and the temperature or pressure of the stream .
One asked whether a bushy beard would hide my nice smile ; another said that if they blacked my face I might look like a negro anarchist ; but this old chap chipped in with a most extraordinary remark .
Clearly , the first seems to call for `` a model , '' for the name , surrounded by punctuation becomes less significant ; also , in that sequence the reader is not boxed into the corner of obligation where he must stand , face to the wall , if unaware of who this `` in '' personage might be .
Others have suggested that there were paired nasal sacs opening separately and gave rise to the theory that heterostracans might be ancestral to jawed vertebrates ( Fig. 2 B , b ) . 
As far as my words on oath can go , you might either of you have done it .
They might jam a bit and produce substandard material because they are trying to satisfy the record industry 's mania for following up success . 
The same model car might be available in six or eight countries , yet not two countries will have the same rate either for the daily rate or rate per kilometer driven .
I do not deny that it plays an important part , but the key to our strength is our industrial might .
Winnie felt that this could lead to somewhat alarming disclosures which might be regretted by all . 
The Macmillan government might be willing to let him go , but he has been dead seventy-eight years and even the Soviet morticians could not make him look presentable .
His early comedies might have been taken to represent an unheard-of civility from the back of beyond . 
' You might just as well say ,' added the Dormouse , who seemed to be talking in his sleep , ' that " I breathe when I sleep " is the same thing as " I sleep when I breathe "!'
Thus the copywriter in the world of the space merchants is the person who in earlier ages might have been a lyric poet , the person `` capable of putting together words that stir and move and sing '' .
This might be applied to the top of the nose or the back of the neck , pressed on the upper lip , or inserted into the nostril ( cotton was usually used in this last ) .
The intensification of attacks on the character of Clinton included fresh revelations that an uncle of his might have attempted to use his influence to prevent him from being drafted for service in Vietnam . 
General manager Pels even suggested that it might be wise to keep the Mexicans in suspense rather than accept their offers to sell out and move away , and try to have a few punished .
It was only fitting that we seek out whatever joy our union might bring .
With Lamb and Gower about to be dumped and the mightiest of all rounders Ian Botham unavailable today 's Lord 's team declaration will mark the sad end of an era for English international cricket . 
It might be worse ."
I had allowed him such abundant time ; I thought he might have had an apoplectic fit .
The Bahraini government 's destruction of the Pearl Square monument that had become a symbol of that nation 's protest was a totalitarian gesture that Kadafi might applaud .
2 : 14 For he is our peace , who hath made both one , and hath broken down the middle wall of partition between us ; 2 : 15 Having abolished in his flesh the enmity , even the law of commandments contained in ordinances ; for to make in himself of twain one new man , so making peace ; 2 : 16 And that he might reconcile both unto God in one body by the cross , having slain the enmity thereby : 2 : 17 And came and preached peace to you which were afar off , and to them that were nigh .
Her countenance , perhaps , might express some watchfulness ; but the praise of the fine mind did not appear to excite a thought in her sister .
Whatever prestige and influence might be gained by being a reserve currency was wholly insufficient to compensate for export profits being lost by overvaluation . 
Do you know where it might have gone '' ? ?
However , a boy's lively eyes might rove .
Mr . Knightley might quarrel with her , but Emma could not quarrel with herself .
Seeing he wasn ' t going to stop saying over his ' wise Stubb , wise Stubb ,' I thought I might as well fall to kicking the pyramid again .
It lost sight of the individual almost entirely and confined itself to rules limiting the exercise of state power for reasons essentially unconnected with justice or morality save as these values might affect international relations .
There below you , so far away that it might be in Derbyshire , was a single toytown rooftop .
Thus saying , rose The Monarch , and prevented all reply ; Prudent lest , from his resolution raised , Others among the chief might offer now , Certain to be refused , what erst they feared , And , so refused , might in opinion stand His rivals , winning cheap the high repute Which he through hazard huge must earn .
Fifteen years ago , troubled by the rising tide of materialism in the post-war world , a businessman and a minister asked themselves if there might not be a place for a small magazine in which men and women , regardless of creed or color , could set forth boldly their religious convictions and bear witness to the power of faith to solve the endless problems of living .
The activities of delinquent fans might be more intelligible if they can be related to particular roles and positions with respect to other fans .
and in at least one instance , involving refund claims , it might be contrary to another provision of the United States Code .
Mr . Elton , who might marry any body !
I thought she might be under the front part of the colonnade , and peered cautiously round the corner . 
7 : 16 The nations shall see and be confounded at all their might : they shall lay their hand upon their mouth , their ears shall be deaf .
The sudden exclamations of the crew must have alarmed the whale ; and ere the boats were down , majestically turning , he swam away to the leeward , but with such a steady tranquillity , and making so few ripples as he swam , that thinking after all he might not as yet be alarmed , Ahab gave orders that not an oar should be used , and no man must speak but in whispers .
" It might be distressing , for the moment ," said she ; " but you seem to have behaved extremely well ; and it is over -- and may never -- can never , as a first meeting , occur again , and therefore you need not think about it ."
35 : 12 And they removed the burnt offerings , that they might give according to the divisions of the families of the people , to offer unto the LORD , as it is written in the book of Moses .
Blanche respired steadily to allow the tension to subside and asked Lancaster why David Parkin might want to murder his wife .
With regard to her not accompanying them to Ireland , her account to her aunt contained nothing but truth , though there might be some truths not told .
`` Seems to me last time I was here the grate bellowed out smoke as it might have been preparing us for hell '' .
SHe 'd always been able to disassociate ` work " from pleasure , clients from lovers , but had been worried that the experience of Jahsaxa 's friends mauling hir might have intruded into this objectivity . 
But would it be a fair statement to say in the normal experience that newspaper reporters might spend five , ten , or fifteen minutes interviewing a person and then only put one line of that interview in an article ?
12 : 2 And at the season he sent to the husbandmen a servant , that he might receive from the husbandmen of the fruit of the vineyard .
One thing only was wanting to make the prospect of the ball completely satisfactory to Emma -- its being fixed for a day within the granted term of Frank Churchill ' s stay in Surry ; for , in spite of Mr . Weston ' s confidence , she could not think it so very impossible that the Churchills might not allow their nephew to remain a day beyond his fortnight .
Blanche told Dexter she had passed an hour or so in informal chats with producers on Inside Out , hoping she might learn something of significance . 
It might be contended , of course , that Eichmann in stubbornly denying anti-Semitic feelings was lying or insisting on a private definition of anti-Semitism .
The possibility that future generations will read our textbooks with about as much comprehension as we might scan a Renaissance text on the cabbala is rather unnerving . 
6 : 1 It pleased Darius to set over the kingdom an hundred and twenty princes , which should be over the whole kingdom ; 6 : 2 And over these three presidents ; of whom Daniel was first : that the princes might give accounts unto them , and the king should have no damage .
The milk is very sweet and rich ; it has been tasted by man ; it might do well with strawberries .
But there are plenty of reasons why cash might be needed in a hurry . 
13 : 12 And the rest of the acts of Joash , and all that he did , and his might wherewith he fought against Amaziah king of Judah , are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel ?
It is a trick that might just save the life of the bird if a cat has caught it and then placed it on the ground for a moment before starting to pluck it . 
This is because unlike traditional patient information tools ( such as a brochure or a video where only a limited amount of preoperative information can be provided ) , a Web site could be structured to address the particular questions an individual patient might have .
A small house in their own neighbourhood , where they might still have Lady Russell ' s society , still be near Mary , and still have the pleasure of sometimes seeing the lawns and groves of Kellynch , was the object of her ambition .
8 : 4 I saw the ram pushing westward , and northward , and southward ; so that no beasts might stand before him , neither was there any that could deliver out of his hand ; but he did according to his will , and became great .
Barbaric , we might exclaim , how awful ! 
It might have rained , any time ; ;
Anne was now at hand to take up her own cause , and the sincerity of her manner being soon sufficient to convince him , where conviction was at least very agreeable , he had no farther scruples as to her being left to dine alone , though he still wanted her to join them in the evening , when the child might be at rest for the night , and kindly urged her to let him come and fetch her , but she was quite unpersuadable ; and this being the case , she had ere long the pleasure of seeing them set off together in high spirits .
She could not count the times Herman had rapped on the door , just a couple of bangs that shook the whole damned closet and might , someday , break away the pipe connections from the wall .
A more reasonable cause might be found in the dependent situation which forbade the indulgence of his affection .
Thus two speakers who normally use hardly any Creole forms might feel they were " chatting Patois " when they were actually using fewer Creole tokens than two heavy Creole users who felt they were speaking " ordinary English . " 
Julia ushered her out of the bedroom , afraid the sound of conflict might reach her mother . 
" You may well be amazed ," returned Mrs . Weston , still averting her eyes , and talking on with eagerness , that Emma might have time to recover -- " You may well be amazed .
`` We would have to sell valuable parts of the company , some route we might think of , or our baggage handling which earns a lot of money , '' he said .
It 's not clear which crew of communists might prevail in a coalition government , but the one good bet is that the non-communists would disappear .
The jurors said they realize `` a proportionate distribution of these funds might disable this program in our less populous counties '' .
Let ' s further thinke of this , Weigh what conuenience both of time and meanes May fit vs to our shape , if this should faile ; And that our drift looke through our bad performance , ' Twere better not assaid ; therefore this Proiect Should haue a backe or second , that might hold , If this should blast in proofe : Soft , let me see Wee ' l make a solemne wager on your commings , I ha ' t : when in your motion you are hot and dry , As make your bowts more violent to the end , And that he cals for drinke ; Ile haue prepar ' d him A Challice for the nonce ; whereon but sipping , If he by chance escape your venom ' d stuck , Our purpose may hold there ; how sweet Queene .
Then it was that Bert exploded with a brutality which might have come from Count Gregory , his criminal opponent .
5 : 17 Elias was a man subject to like passions as we are , and he prayed earnestly that it might not rain : and it rained not on the earth by the space of three years and six months .
Syme even had the thought that his eyes might be covered up because they were too frightful to see .
That contract fell a total of 5.75 cents during the first three days of this week , mostly in reaction to last Friday 's stock market plunge , which prompted concern that it might signal a similar sharp slowing of the U.S. economy and thus reduced demand for copper , a leading industrial metal .
About them frisking played All beasts of the earth , since wild , and of all chase In wood or wilderness , forest or den ; Sporting the lion ramped , and in his paw Dandled the kid ; bears , tigers , ounces , pards , Gambolled before them ; the unwieldy elephant , To make them mirth , used all his might , and wreathed His ? kithetmroboscis ; close the serpent sly , Insinuating , wove with Gordian twine His braided train , and of his fatal guile Gave proof unheeded ; others on the grass Couched , and now filled with pasture gazing sat , Or bedward ruminating ; for the sun , Declined , was hasting now with prone career To the ocean isles , and in the ascending scale Of Heaven the stars that usher evening rose : When Satan still in gaze , as first he stood , Scarce thus at length failed speech recovered sad .
It was mere lively chat , such as any young persons , on an intimate footing , might fall into .
When Sir Winston Churchill characterised the Soviet Union as ` a mystery wrapped inside a riddle inside an enigma " , he might have added , ` and so she would wish to appear " . 
Would thou hadst lesse deseru ' d , That the proportion both of thanks , and payment , Might haue beene mine : onely I haue left to say , More is thy due , then more then all can pay
The malais might have put the torch to the field , they might think they 've exterminated all the creatures in it , but there 'll always be one woodchuck left . 
11 : 1 And there shall come forth a rod out of the stem of Jesse , and a Branch shall grow out of his roots : 11 : 2 And the spirit of the LORD shall rest upon him , the spirit of wisdom and understanding , the spirit of counsel and might , the spirit of knowledge and of the fear of the LORD ; 11 : 3 And shall make him of quick understanding in the fear of the LORD : and he shall not judge after the sight of his eyes , neither reprove after the hearing of his ears : 11 : 4 But with righteousness shall he judge the poor , and reprove with equity for the meek of the earth : and he shall smite the earth : with the rod of his mouth , and with the breath of his lips shall he slay the wicked .
But songs like ` This Is How It Feels " and ` Commercial Rain " might perhaps remind America there is a world away from what Hollywood and the TV likes to project .
18 : 6 But Jehoshaphat said , Is there not here a prophet of the LORD besides , that we might enquire of him ?
Emma longed to know what Frank ' s first opinion of Mrs . Elton might be ; how he was affected by the studied elegance of her dress , and her smiles of graciousness .
Philip played as loud as he could , that she might not hear , till the proper moment , the bleating of the lamb .
When tall , angled , high-gabled and firm , they have perfected the art of looming , and some of their gateways are arched with stone , and some of their tower windows might still have a Mary , Queen of Scots , or a tartan Lady of Shalott roaming soulfully behind their small winking panes , or a Rapunzel leaning out into the sunshine . 
Be considerate over your handwriting , your computer expertise or lack of it , or anything else which might become an irritation to your fellow workers . 
Such a general boycott might still be a blunt or indiscriminating instrument , and therefore of questionable justification .
The seductive and corrupting film noir downtowns featured in so many admired cheap second features might as well all have been demolished , along with the long-gone Bijous and Palaces where these films first played .
What I felt on hearing that your sister was dying -- and dying too , believing me the greatest villain upon earth , scorning , hating me in her latest moments -- for how could I tell what horrid projects might not have been imputed ?
A week ago , USAir stock briefly soared above 52 after a report in USA Today that Mr. Steinhardt might launch a hostile bid for the carrier , though takeover speculators say they were skeptical .
9 : 11 And the Lord said unto him , Arise , and go into the street which is called Straight , and enquire in the house of Judas for one called Saul , of Tarsus : for , behold , he prayeth , 9 : 12 And hath seen in a vision a man named Ananias coming in , and putting his hand on him , that he might receive his sight .
Whatever he was he was not a Frenchman ; he might be a Jew ; he might be something deeper yet in the dark heart of the East .
The only way to reply to a rude challenge must be an affected brightness of spirit however drenched and uncomfortable one might feel . 
Tallboy knew just enough of the probable training of youth workers to feel this might not be quite what the social studies lecturer had said . 
In their quest to perfect apartheid , the Orange Workers have discovered a truth that most of privileged white South Africa tries mightily to deny : The master ca n't become dependent on the slave and expect to remain master forever .
-- She was afraid she had done her nothing but disservice .-- It was true that she had not to charge herself , in this instance as in the former , with being the sole and original author of the mischief ; with having suggested such feelings as might otherwise never have entered Harriet ' s imagination ; for Harriet had acknowledged her admiration and preference of Frank Churchill before she had ever given her a hint on the subject ; but she felt completely guilty of having encouraged what she might have repressed .
61 : 1 The Spirit of the Lord GOD is upon me ; because the LORD hath anointed me to preach good tidings unto the meek ; he hath sent me to bind up the brokenhearted , to proclaim liberty to the captives , and the opening of the prison to them that are bound ; 61 : 2 To proclaim the acceptable year of the LORD , and the day of vengeance of our God ; to comfort all that mourn ; 61 : 3 To appoint unto them that mourn in Zion , to give unto them beauty for ashes , the oil of joy for mourning , the garment of praise for the spirit of heaviness ; that they might be called trees of righteousness , the planting of the LORD , that he might be glorified .
A shrewd person might also have noted a yet odder thing .
I remember one said , there was no Sallets in the lines , to make the matter sauory ; nor no matter in the phrase , that might indite the Author of affectation , but cal ' d it an honest method .
They might kill him in his sleep , thinking there was money in the house .
If you are a consultant to a developing Mini-Enterprise you might find yourself spending a whole day in the school . 
I can imagine , that if you , as you are , Mr . Knightley , were to be transported and placed all at once in Mr . Frank Churchill ' s situation , you would be able to say and do just what you have been recommending for him ; and it might have a very good effect .
He could imagine that she might be interested in its money-making propensity at the end of the year . 
hence I will excite their minds With more desire to know , and to reject Envious commands , invented with design To keep them low , whom knowledge might exalt Equal with Gods : aspiring to be such , They taste and die : What likelier can ensue But first with narrow search I must walk round This garden , and no corner leave unspied ; A chance but chance may lead where I may meet Some wandering Spirit of Heaven by fountain side , Or in thick shade retired , from him to draw What further would be learned .
I myself took such courses in college , thinking I might end up a schoolteacher .
You might as well say that it is poetical to be sea - sick .
The guest house is built in the traditional Japanese castle architectural style --- the kind of hall where samurai lords might once have met to plot their sword-and-matchlock battles .
29 : 12 Both riches and honour come of thee , and thou reignest over all ; and in thine hand is power and might ; and in thine hand it is to make great , and to give strength unto all .
Yes my brother I know , The rest might not , but I have treasur ' d every note , For more than once dimly down to the beach gliding , Silent , avoiding the moonbeams , blending myself with the shadows , Recalling now the obscure shapes , the echoes , the sounds and sights after their sorts , The white arms out in the breakers tirelessly tossing , I , with bare feet , a child , the wind wafting my hair , Listen ' d long and long .
It was suggested in the US and European press that Syrian , Iranian or Palestinian groups might also have participated in planning the bombing .
These proposals would reduce the amount of tax that DuPont stockholders might have to pay -- from an estimated 1.1 billion dollars under present law to as little as 192 million dollars .
The Scottish Conservatives in general had also attracted criticism for their refusal to discuss devolution , giving rise to fears that a constitutional crisis might overtake the country if the Conservatives were defeated in the next general election . 
It was impossible to drive because of the debris that blocked the streets : walking was dangerous because a wall might topple on you at any minute . 
Immediate in a flame , But soon obscured with smoke , all Heaven appeared , From those deep - throated engines belched , whose roar Embowelled with outrageous noise the air , And all her entrails tore , disgorging foul Their devilish glut , chained thunderbolts and hail Of iron globes ; which , on the victor host Levelled , with such impetuous fury smote , That , whom they hit , none on their feet might stand , Though standing else as rocks , but down they fell By thousands , Angel on Arch - Angel rolled ; The sooner for their arms ; unarmed , they might Have easily , as Spirits , evaded swift By quick contraction or remove ; but now Foul dissipation followed , and forced rout ; Nor served it to relax their serried files .
To differentiate , one might say that Persians held the British more responsible for Iran 's misfortunes , but the Russians were more feared . 
The woman 's disappearance counts for nothing , since in that extraordinary household any member of it might be invisible for a week .
Bond prices rallied early yesterday morning as traders scrambled to buy Treasury issues on fears that the Northern California earthquake might lead to a stock-market debacle .
The motionless man continued to gaze at the sea , and the eyes in his head might have belonged to two different men .
Round he surveys ( and well might , where he stood So high above the circling canopy Of night ' s extended shade ,) from eastern point Of Libra to the fleecy star that bears Andromeda far off Atlantick seas Beyond the horizon ; then from pole to pole He views in breadth , and without longer pause Down right into the world ' s first region throws His flight precipitant , and winds with ease Through the pure marble air his oblique way Amongst innumerable stars , that shone Stars distant , but nigh hand seemed other worlds ; Or other worlds they seemed , or happy isles , Like those Hesperian gardens famed of old , Fortunate fields , and groves , and flowery vales , Thrice happy isles ; but who dwelt happy there He staid not to inquire : Above them all The golden sun , in splendour likest Heaven , Allured his eye ; thither his course he bends Through the calm firmament , ( but up or down , By center , or eccentrick , hard to tell , Or longitude ,) where the great luminary Aloof the vulgar constellations thick , That from his lordly eye keep distance due , Dispenses light from far ; they , as they move Their starry dance in numbers that compute Days , months , and years , towards his all - cheering lamp Turn swift their various motions , or are turned By his magnetick beam , that gently warms The universe , and to each inward part With gentle penetration , though unseen , Shoots invisible virtue even to the deep ; So wonderously was set his station bright .
He averred , that upon first thrusting in for him , a leg was presented ; but well knowing that that was not as it ought to be , and might occasion great trouble ;-- he had thrust back the leg , and by a dexterous heave and toss , had wrought a somerset upon the Indian ; so that with the next trial , he came forth in the good old way -- head foremost .
They did not choose to exact any promise from them which they might be tempted to break , and therefore they only said at parting , " If Mrs . Theresa Tattle should ask you to come to her , do as you think proper ."
Real bright along those lines , you might say .
To coin another military metaphor , he must ` soldier on " knowing that all of this activity might well smack of sedition . 
If she had been paying more attention to his face she might have believed that his deeply shocked , anguished expression was not an act , put on for her benefit . 
Again , God said , Let there be firmament Amid the waters , and let it divide The waters from the waters ; and God made The firmament , expanse of liquid , pure , Transparent , elemental air , diffused In circuit to the uttermost convex Of this great round ; partition firm and sure , The waters underneath from those above Dividing : for as earth , so he the world Built on circumfluous waters calm , in wide Crystalline ocean , and the loud misrule Of Chaos far removed ; lest fierce extremes Contiguous might distemper the whole frame : And Heaven he named the Firmament : So even And morning chorus sung the second day .
Posted by : Lexaburn at October 20, 2010 3:42 AM Christine O'Donnell is certainly ignorant in the sense that , while perfectly aware that there are many things she does n't know , she is clueless as to how that might be an impediment .
` No , but perhaps in this spot I might find wildlife to slay . " 
And once they were christened , as we might expect , the ` Hooligans " were understood as an entirely unprecedented and ` un-British " phenomenon : indeed , we must allow that it was most ingenious of late Victorian England to disown the British Hooligan by giving him an ` Irish " name . 
Nothing , but that the lessons of her past folly might teach her humility and circumspection in future .
Besides , all the days I should now live would be as good as the days that Lazarus lived after his resurrection ; a supplementary clean gain of so many months or weeks as the case might be .
Bad relations between England and Flanders brought hard times to the shepherds scattered over the dales and downs as well as to the crowded Flemish cities , and while the English , so far , had done no more than grumble , Othon had seen what the discontent might lead to , for before he left the Low Countries the citizens of Ghent had risen in protest against the expense of supporting Edward and his troops , and the regular soldiers had found it unexpectedly difficult to put down the nasty little riot that ensued .
Mrs Smith ' s enjoyments were not spoiled by this improvement of income , with some improvement of health , and the acquisition of such friends to be often with , for her cheerfulness and mental alacrity did not fail her ; and while these prime supplies of good remained , she might have bid defiance even to greater accessions of worldly prosperity .
13 : 42 And when the Jews were gone out of the synagogue , the Gentiles besought that these words might be preached to them the next sabbath .
I don ' t say that it is not a disagreeable business -- but things might be much worse .-- If we walk fast , we shall soon be at Randalls ."
He had retained his hat and his horn , and , whatever fun might still be going , he was ready to join it .
9 : 22 To the weak became I as weak , that I might gain the weak : I am made all things to all men , that I might by all means save some .
` His arm was hanging limply and I feared he might have lost it altogether . 
I could foresee that these factors might lose us the seat -- even if the Conservative vote was on its best politically correct behaviour on polling day . 
5 : 31 So let all thine enemies perish , O LORD : but let them that love him be as the sun when he goeth forth in his might .
Here pilgrims roam , that strayed so far to seek In Golgotha him dead , who lives in Heaven ; And they , who to be sure of Paradise , Dying , put on the weeds of Dominick , Or in Franciscan think to pass disguised ; They pass the planets seven , and pass the fixed , And that crystalling sphere whose balance weighs The trepidation talked , and that first moved ; And now Saint Peter at Heaven ' s wicket seems To wait them with his keys , and now at foot Of Heaven ' s ascent they lift their feet , when lo A violent cross wind from either coast Blows them transverse , ten thousand leagues awry Into the devious air : Then might ye see Cowls , hoods , and habits , with their wearers , tost And fluttered into rags ; then reliques , beads , Indulgences , dispenses , pardons , bulls , The sport of winds : All these , upwhirled aloft , Fly o ' er the backside of the world far off Into a Limbo large and broad , since called The Paradise of Fools , to few unknown Long after ; now unpeopled , and untrod .
Devout , orthodox and plain like a family she might meet in Brooklyn or Malta or Ireland .
The President led them down an irregular side stair , such as might be used by servants , and into a dim , cold , empty room , with a table and benches , like an abandoned boardroom .
When he went home to dinner , he told his mother his scheme , and she smiled , and said he might do as he pleased ; for she was not afraid of his being from home .
Here was a fortune at once ; besides which , there would be the chance of what might be done in any future war ; and he was sure Captain Wentworth was as likely a man to distinguish himself as any officer in the navy .
11 : 12 And on the morrow , when they were come from Bethany , he was hungry : 11 : 13 And seeing a fig tree afar off having leaves , he came , if haply he might find any thing thereon : and when he came to it , he found nothing but leaves ; for the time of figs was not yet .
Barbara also saw the guinea - hen , and turned her head another way , that she might avoid the contemptuous , reproachful looks of those whom she only affected to despise .
For now , and since first break of dawn , the Fiend , Mere serpent in appearance , forth was come ; And on his quest , where likeliest he might find The only two of mankind , but in them The whole included race , his purposed prey .
He is a retired reverend , and I thought that , as he had made the effort , it might be nice to ask him to say a prayer to round off the proceedings . 
The Churchills might not have a word to say in return ; but then , you would have no habits of early obedience and long observance to break through .
6 : 24 And the LORD commanded us to do all these statutes , to fear the LORD our God , for our good always , that he might preserve us alive , as it is at this day .
`` I never saw men '' , Lafayette declared in regard to the riflemen , `` so merry , so spirited , and so desirous to go on to the enemy , whatever force they might have , as that small party in this fight '' .
These rooms were separated by a dark passage from the rest of the house , and numbers of people came to the shop in the front of the house , which looked into a creditable street , without knowing anything more , from the ostensible appearance of the shop , than that it was a kind of pawnbroker ' s , where old clothes , old iron , and all sorts of refuse goods , might be disposed of conveniently .
Further pursuit was useless ; but the boats still lingered in their wake to pick up what drugged whales might be dropped astern , and likewise to secure one which Flask had killed and waifed .
But as I was crowded for space , and wished the other parts of my body to remain a blank page for a poem I was then composing -- at least , what untattooed parts might remain -- I did not trouble myself with the odd inches ; nor , indeed , should inches at all enter into a congenial admeasurement of the whale .
Two weeks earlier , on March 15 , Mehrdad Kowkabi , an Iranian student held in the UK for 15 months , had been deported after a court dropped charges of arson against him , and Iranian officials had been quoted as saying that the government might respond to this " positive step " by releasing Cooper . 
33 : 13 Hear , ye that are far off , what I have done ; and , ye that are near , acknowledge my might .
24 : 26 He hoped also that money should have been given him of Paul , that he might loose him : wherefore he sent for him the oftener , and communed with him .
Endill watched in horror as he began hitting the handle , swinging against it with all his might .
Each of the wounded men on board knew Misurata was still under attack and they might never see their home again .
The ex-soldier 's comment suggests , contrary to the interpretation of the reporter , that there might be a perceived connection between tradition and the absence of discrimination . 
11 : 57 Now both the chief priests and the Pharisees had given a commandment , that , if any man knew where he were , he should shew it , that they might take him .
` Some people might say nothing came of our talks , " Khrushchev remembered later , ` My answer to that is yes and no . 
In principle , it might have been quicker to take the direct northward road through Andalusia and southern Castile . 
As Swansea are playing that vital game at St. Helen 's , I 've a sneaking suspicion that they might just pull it off .
She was pleased with the eagerness to arrive which had made him alter his plan , and travel earlier , later , and quicker , that he might gain half a day .
2 Consolator most mild , the promis ' d one advancing , With gentle hand extended , the mightier God am I , Foretold by prophets and poets in their most rapt prophecies and poems , From this side , lo !
Well it might just take a couple of hours to print out a complete set of statements for two hundred customers . 
He took a childish pleasure , as a younger brother might , in the formidable sword - stick which Flambeau always flung as he walked , and which now stood upright beside his tall mug of Munich .
They were quite powerful , and in order to nullify any threat they might pose to the gods , Zeus cut them in two .
` All that trust , and honour and integrity you preach about -- the last two you might have a surfeit of , but the first one ? 
If you parted the net curtains and peered sideways and upwards you could see one tiny piece of bright blue sky , but you might pull a muscle doing it . 
In Inside Africa , John Gunther describes one of these , the Societe Generale , as `` the kind of colossus that might be envisaged if , let us say , the House of Morgan , Anaconda Copper , the Mutual Life Insurance Company of New York , the Pennsylvania Railroad , and various companies producing agricultural products were lumped together , with the United States government as a heavy partner '' .
Turnbull was sitting on his seat on the lawn , and the golden evening impressed even his positive nature , as indeed it might have impressed the oxen in a field .
In the house , wife Betty is phoning Dr Smedley to arrange an appointment for confirmation of her pregnancy , anxious not to tell Frank until she is sure , because of the shock it might cause him . 
It was a realm controlled by the disciplined military might of the Franks .
Returned from Babylon by leave of kings Their lords , whom God disposed , the house of God They first re - edify ; and for a while In mean estate live moderate ; till , grown In wealth and multitude , factious they grow ; But first among the priests dissention springs , Men who attend the altar , and should most Endeavour peace : their strife pollution brings Upon the temple itself : at last they seise The scepter , and regard not David ' s sons ; Then lose it to a stranger , that the true Anointed King Messiah might be born Barred of his right ; yet at his birth a star , Unseen before in Heaven , proclaims him come ; And guides the eastern sages , who inquire His place , to offer incense , myrrh , and gold : His place of birth a solemn Angel tells To simple shepherds , keeping watch by night ; They gladly thither haste , and by a quire Of squadroned Angels hear his carol sung .
You might also venture to talk to your wife , in one of her calmer moments . 
Finally he learned through the grapevine that the culprit might be one James W. Robinson in Pope County .
National Rifle Association President Charlton Heston wisely declared this week that the presence of an armed guard might have saved the lives of Columbine High School students .
Unassimilated , they might one day wreak havoc in her life .
That is , if you are going to say something about people , then avoid using the word man ( for example ) because , regardless of the ancillary definitions one might find in the dictionary , in its most common meaning and use it denotes ` male ' and the strong connotations of that denotation are carried over to all other applications of the word : it is not , in fact , as neutral as some believe it to be .
Watching the other girl jog into the distance , Lindsey hesitated fractionally before deciding that she might as well go for a swim anyway . 
Edward made no answer ; but when she had turned away her head , gave her a look so serious , so earnest , so uncheerful , as seemed to say , that he might hereafter wish the distance between the parsonage and the mansion - house much greater .
And lest anybody think that considerations such as these are not germane in a foundation report , let me enlighten them with the truths that , under Communism there would have been no capital with which to endow the Foundation , and that there would not be that individual freedom within which the Fellows might proceed , untrammeled in every way , toward their discoveries , their creative efforts for the good of mankind .
Thinking it possible that London 's streets would contain martyrs cudgelled to death , he wondered if that might be no bad thing . 
Anne was shewn some letters of his on the occasion , answers to urgent applications from Mrs Smith , which all breathed the same stern resolution of not engaging in a fruitless trouble , and , under a cold civility , the same hard - hearted indifference to any of the evils it might bring on her .
Mr Shepherd , a civil , cautious lawyer , who , whatever might be his hold or his views on Sir Walter , would rather have the disagreeable prompted by anybody else , excused himself from offering the slightest hint , and only begged leave to recommend an implicit reference to the excellent judgement of Lady Russell , from whose known good sense he fully expected to have just such resolute measures advised as he meant to see finally adopted .
In terms of domestic politics , there was no one to challenge Franco 's decisions , however arbitrary they might be .
There might be footholds down that awful facade , if only he could not care whether they were footholds or no .
It might be pointed out that the integrating function of religion , for good or ill , has often supported or been identified with other groupings -- political , nationality , language , class , racial , sociability , even economic .
This might be said to be an upper- or an upper-middle-class bias , but the Commission published as one of its staff studies a book by Byron S. Hollingshead entitled Who Should Go To College ? ?
I could not bear to leave the country in a manner that might lead you , or the rest of the neighbourhood , to suspect any part of what had really passed between Mrs . Smith and myself -- and I resolved therefore on calling at the cottage , in my way to Honiton .
22 : 7 And Jehoshaphat said , Is there not here a prophet of the LORD besides , that we might enquire of him ?
On this , he immediately turned back to try whether he had shut the gate fast , lest the guinea - hen might stray out , and fall again into the hands of the enemy .
As a walking companion , Emma had very early foreseen how useful she might find her .
babies ' plaything of haughty Admirals , and Commodores , and Captains ; the world brags of thee , of thy cunning and might ; but what after all canst thou do , but tell the poor , pitiful point , where thou thyself happenest to be on this wide planet , and the hand that holds thee : no !
He 's cool , articulate and a slighter man than you might expect , a tennis player in a town of Schwarzeneggers .
15 : 8 Now I say that Jesus Christ was a minister of the circumcision for the truth of God , to confirm the promises made unto the fathers : 15 : 9 And that the Gentiles might glorify God for his mercy ; as it is written , For this cause I will confess to thee among the Gentiles , and sing unto thy name .
He had two nephews , and he invited both of them to his house , that he might have an opportunity of judging of their dispositions , and of the habits which they had acquired .
Speaking in terms of sociological stereotype , the `` private eye '' might appeal to the poet in search of a myth for many reasons .
Nevertheless , the notion of career structures can help to explain behaviour which might otherwise appear irrational and disorganised ; it places the activity of the individual within the wider context of age and class dimensions . 
The awful tauntings in Job might well appal me .
For a time , there reigned , too , a sense of peculiar dread at this flitting apparition , as if it were treacherously beckoning us on and on , in order that the monster might turn round upon us , and rend us at last in the remotest and most savage seas .
For example , the first stage might be iron ore extraction , the second stage steel manufacture from iron ore , and the third stage production of cars from steel . 
7 : 12 Wherefore , though I wrote unto you , I did it not for his cause that had done the wrong , nor for his cause that suffered wrong , but that our care for you in the sight of God might appear unto you .
If my boy Philip was at home , maybe , as he ' s often at Mrs . Price ' s ( which I don ' t disapprove ), he might know the history of the guinea - hen .
I do not curse you ( though I might ) for being kind .
He closed the shutters and , leaving the breakfast tray behind , crept out as though she might already be asleep . 
You damned fool , you said things that might have got us locked up for a year , and shadowed by the coppers for half a decade .
He promised me the sight of a capital gun he is just going to send off ; said he would keep it unpacked to the last possible moment , that I might see it ; and if I do not turn back now , I have no chance .
I feel as if my own hand might fly up and strike me ."
The ideas might be splendid in themselves but you must consider how they will contribute to the strategy . 
I knew you might work it out but I reasoned that if I did n't rush forward to explain all , you might catch the culprit first and never have to trouble me . " 
He prayed that it would work , expelling from his mind the frightening thought that it might not . 
His frowning gaze swept over her and there was a glint in the blue eyes that might have been intimidating if she were n't so angry . 
She had good reason to believe that some property of her husband in the West Indies , which had been for many years under a sort of sequestration for the payment of its own incumbrances , might be recoverable by proper measures ; and this property , though not large , would be enough to make her comparatively rich .
James 's attempted flight , however , effectively destroyed any hope that a settlement might be reached which would enable James to preserve his throne . 
A united Germany , freed of militarism , might be the first step toward disarmament and peace in a terrorized and tortured world .
Therefore , Sir Walter , what I would take leave to suggest is , that if in consequence of any rumours getting abroad of your intention ; which must be contemplated as a possible thing , because we know how difficult it is to keep the actions and designs of one part of the world from the notice and curiosity of the other ; consequence has its tax ; I , John Shepherd , might conceal any family - matters that I chose , for nobody would think it worth their while to observe me ; but Sir Walter Elliot has eyes upon him which it may be very difficult to elude ; and therefore , thus much I venture upon , that it will not greatly surprise me if , with all our caution , some rumour of the truth should get abroad ; in the supposition of which , as I was going to observe , since applications will unquestionably follow , I should think any from our wealthy naval commanders particularly worth attending to ; and beg leave to add , that two hours will bring me over at any time , to save you the trouble of replying ."
He might say or do something foolish .
93 : 4 The LORD on high is mightier than the noise of many waters , yea , than the mighty waves of the sea .
The steadiness of his manner , and the intelligence of his eye as he spoke , convincing Elinor , that whatever other unpardonable folly might bring him to Cleveland , he was not brought there by intoxication , she said , after a moment ' s recollection ,
The fear and stigma of mental disorder deter a public which is ignorant of the pressing need and unclear as to what their gifts might be used for . 
A walk was exactly what she needed , although the continuing hot weather made it less pleasant than it might have been . 
On the other hand , a similar attack might have been made on City B whose population was known to be lousy .
The corpulent guard disappeared in late January and nomole was left there at all , yet he might as well have been there for all the likelihood there was of anymole daring to set paw upon the slipway . 
15 : 17 And Baasha king of Israel went up against Judah , and built Ramah , that he might not suffer any to go out or come in to Asa king of Judah .
But by week's end the Laotian cry of invasion was read as an exaggeration ( see foreign news ) , and the U.S. was agreeing with its cautious British and French allies that a neutralist -- rather than a pro-Western -- government might be best for Laos .
Why she did not like Jane Fairfax might be a difficult question to answer ; Mr . Knightley had once told her it was because she saw in her the really accomplished young woman , which she wanted to be thought herself ; and though the accusation had been eagerly refuted at the time , there were moments of self - examination in which her conscience could not quite acquit her .
` I can see right through her ! " he might have boasted , if you had suggested the possibility to him . 
Now he has revealed the mistakes that led to England 's early departure from the tournament , though fans might not find themselves a lot the wiser . 
She saw that Enscombe could not satisfy , and that Highbury , taken at its best , might reasonably please a young man who had more retirement at home than he liked .
Er and of course if you 're in one group , you might think that something 's trivial and you might denigrate another a group for talking about those things , when in fact that group sees it as an important talk about it might see the thing that the other group hold dear to talk about as something trivial , and to denigrate . 
Equally one might expect the full-time paid CAB worker , who normally eschews the middle-class volunteer , to cheer the broadening of the CAB volunteer base . 
She might have drawn the line if I 'd suggested murdering her , but even then I would n't have counted on her being able to break the habit of a lifetime . 
Hence if you were to take a guess at selecting a high-fibre vegetable you might well think of something like celery , which seems to reveal its fibre content unmistakably .
Good now sit downe , & tell me he that knowes Why this same strict and most obseruant Watch , So nightly toyles the subiect of the Land , And why such dayly Cast of Brazon Cannon And Forraigne Mart for Implements of warre : Why such impresse of Ship - wrights , whose sore Taske Do ' s not diuide the Sunday from the weeke , What might be toward , that this sweaty hast Doth make the Night ioynt - Labourer with the day : Who is ' t that can informe me ?
" Of course , it might be ," answered the other , quite innocently and gravely ; " but I never thought the story about Atlantis was very solidly established ."
An early hope that irradiation might be the ultimate answer to practically all food preservation problems was soon dispelled .
Her gestures and movements might be understood by any one who looked on like Emma ; but her words , every body ' s words , were soon lost under the incessant flow of Miss Bates , who came in talking , and had not finished her speech under many minutes after her being admitted into the circle at the fire .
Liz Peabody , he thought , might spend some time grieving for her lost lover , but he doubted that she would launch an investigation .
It was n't purely coincidental that she happened to be carrying the details of previous work experience , for she 'd expected that the secretarial agency might want to see them .
Some special health requirements might have to be met .
The responsibility for these outings , which might or might not be successful , had worn between Martha 's eyebrows a faint frown , not quite vertical , which exactly resembled Richard 's .
Inmates might even demand the 34-hour week , all holidays off and fringe benefits including state contributions toward lawyers' fees .
Charles Handy redefined the term ` conflict " to offer a useful way of thinking about destructive and constructive conflict and how it might be managed . 
11 : 4 For if he that cometh preacheth another Jesus , whom we have not preached , or if ye receive another spirit , which ye have not received , or another gospel , which ye have not accepted , ye might well bear with him .
This seeming host of theirs might comprehend a quarrel of husband and lover or a difficulty at cards or even escape from a pursuing tailor ; but it still remained doubtful whether he would feel the earth fail under him in that earthquake instant when the Virgin is compared to a goddess of Mesopotamia .
The inclusion of left-wingers on the commission was regarded as a significant victory for Hussein , as the left had originally opposed the charter on the grounds that it might be used to limit political activity . 
`` So you're looking for a woman who married a man who might have lived here a year ago and might have been poisoned .
` I thought you might be interested in that little snippet of knowledge , that 's all . " 
Fisher applauded this as a very spirited speech ; and , by insinuations that Dr . Middleton " always gave the premium to De Grey ," and that " those who had lost their bets might thank themselves for it , for being such simpletons as to bet against the favourite ," he raised a murmur highly flattering to Archer , amongst some of the most credulous boys ; whilst others loudly proclaimed their belief in Dr . Middleton ' s impartiality .
They look like genuine flesh , blood , and cartilage , especially when they 're clipped , and they literally add texture to effects that might have seemed , well , featherweight .
One might , indeed , argue that the history of ideas , in so far as it includes the literatures , must center on characterizations of human nature and that the great periods of literary achievement may be distinguished from one another by reference to the images of human nature that they succeed in fashioning .
If we go into this Common Market , we might just as well stop talking about Constitutional guarantees , Connally Amendments or , for that matter , conservatism in general .
My overshadowing Spirit and Might with thee I send along ; ride forth , and bid the Deep Within appointed bounds be Heaven and Earth ; Boundless the Deep , because I Am who fill Infinitude , nor vacuous the space .
She might despise him for the methods he used in business , but the fact remained that she loved him , and if there was anything she could do to protect him she would do it . 
If she really raced on her bike over the footpath , she might just manage to get to the low bridge before the van reached it .
You might be excused for thinking , at first sight , that the lamprey is a true fish .
7 : 5 And my God put into mine heart to gather together the nobles , and the rulers , and the people , that they might be reckoned by genealogy .
4 : 17 They zealously affect you , but not well ; yea , they would exclude you , that ye might affect them .
She had seen no reason to abandon it when she came to Medewich two years ago , even though she might now have been able to afford a car .
She did n't believe she 'd marry Petya Tcherkassoff and move to a dacha on the steppes any more , but she thought she might see twenty-five . 
Serious fault might be found with the anatomical details of this whale , but let that pass ; since , for the life of me , I could not draw so good a one .
And Ms. Pfeiffer 's particular version of `` Making Whoopee '' -- and the way Mr. Ballhaus photographs her , from the tips of her red high heels right up her clingy red velvet dress -- might make you think of Marilyn Monroe if Ms. Pfeiffer had n't gone and become a star in her own right .
But she was caught in it , and she faced the terrible possibility that , if it were a dream , it was one from which she might never awaken .
They want to own a junior-grade castle , or a manor house , or some modest little place where Shakespeare might once have staged a pageant for Great Elizabeth and all her bearded courtiers .
She might have been someone he had once loved .
3 : 22 But the scripture hath concluded all under sin , that the promise by faith of Jesus Christ might be given to them that believe .
A storm or violent gale might disperse the combined fleets ; France has no port in the Channel ; in fact , innumerable mischances might ruin the enterprise . 
" Why ," said I , " Queequeg , you might have known better than that , one would think .
Similarly , if a director is thinking of selling the company in the near future , but continuing in the same employment thereafter , it might be better not to to restrict salary .
his search was merely for rules that might limit his freedom of action .
While I , to blind the world to our engagement , was behaving one hour with objectionable particularity to another woman , was she to be consenting the next to a proposal which might have made every previous caution useless ?-- Had we been met walking together between Donwell and Highbury , the truth must have been suspected .-- I was mad enough , however , to resent .-- I doubted her affection .
Standing in iron hoops nailed to the mast , they swayed and swung over a fathomless sea ; and though , when the ship slowly glided close under our stern , we six men in the air came so nigh to each other that we might almost have leaped from the mast - heads of one ship to those of the other ; yet , those forlorn - looking fishermen , mildly eyeing us as they passed , said not one word to our own look - outs , while the quarter - deck hail was being heard from below .
The sun was sunk , and after him the star Of Hesperus , whose office is to bring Twilight upon the earth , short arbiter " twixt day and night , and now from end to end Night ' s hemisphere had veil ' d the horizon round : When satan , who late fled before the threats Of Gabriel out of Eden , now improv ' d In meditated fraud and malice , bent On Man ' s destruction , maugre what might hap Of heavier on himself , fearless returned From compassing the earth ; cautious of day , Since Uriel , regent of the sun , descried His entrance , and foreworned the Cherubim That kept their watch ; thence full of anguish driven , The space of seven continued nights he rode With darkness ; thrice the equinoctial line He circled ; four times crossed the car of night From pole to pole , traversing each colure ; On the eighth returned ; and , on the coast averse From entrance or Cherubick watch , by stealth Found unsuspected way .
Indeed , one might say that he looked the king , with his animal elegance , his scornful eyes , and his proud head lifted against the purple sea .
2 : 27 So Solomon thrust out Abiathar from being priest unto the LORD ; that he might fulfil the word of the LORD , which he spake concerning the house of Eli in Shiloh .
Many moderns , inured to a weak worship of intellect and force , might have wavered in their allegiance under this oppression of a great personality .
This image might be totally unfair . 
I picked him up , and the length of him arched very carefully and gracefully and only a little wildly , and I could feel the coolness of that radiant , fire-colored body , like splendid ice , and I knew that he had eaten only recently because there were two whole and solid little lumps in the forepart of him , like fieldmice swallowed whole might make .
She could now answer as she ought ; and was happy to feel , when Mrs Croft ' s next words explained it to be Mr Wentworth of whom she spoke , that she had said nothing which might not do for either brother .
But Mr . Spencer always assured him that he might make himself whatever he pleased ; that by behaving well he would certainly , sooner or later , secure the esteem and love of all who knew him , even of those who had the strongest prejudice against him on his father ' s account .
But it might give way shortly to another vexing issue -- that of finances in state government .
` Monsieur Vassoir ! " she bellowed , striking the glass so hard she thought it might break . 
Conversely , a low fibre diet did not lead to changes in cellular proliferation which might be associated with mucosal instability .
Charles Musgrove was civil and agreeable ; in sense and temper he was undoubtedly superior to his wife , but not of powers , or conversation , or grace , to make the past , as they were connected together , at all a dangerous contemplation ; though , at the same time , Anne could believe , with Lady Russell , that a more equal match might have greatly improved him ; and that a woman of real understanding might have given more consequence to his character , and more usefulness , rationality , and elegance to his habits and pursuits .
Sturley quoted Quiney as having written on November 1 that if he had `` more monei presente much might be done to obtaine our Charter enlargd , ij faires more , with tole of corne , bestes , and sheepe , and a matter of more valewe then all that '' .
Even toxic wastes might be reclaimed in this way , provided they are treated to make them safe .
He still could n't resist her , even if he might be too honourable to sleep with her . 
`` You see , first of all and in a sense as the source of all other ills , the unshakeable American commitment to the principle of unconditional surrender : The tendency to view any war in which we might be involved not as a means of achieving limited objectives in the way of changes in a given status quo , but as a struggle to the death between total virtue and total evil , with the result that the war had absolutely to be fought to the complete destruction of the enemy's power , no matter what disadvantages or complications this might involve for the more distant future '' .
10 : 10 The thief cometh not , but for to steal , and to kill , and to destroy : I am come that they might have life , and that they might have it more abundantly .
Frank Churchill ' s character was not desperate .-- She was his own Emma , by hand and word , when they returned into the house ; and if he could have thought of Frank Churchill then , he might have deemed him a very good sort of fellow .
He might have been in collusion with Johnston on the fraud ; ;
Pat Morley , producer of RTE 's major youth programme Beatbox , said : ` It 's a bit over the top for us , it might offend viewers . " 
Since an objective viewer might well conclude that this is not a situation that would often arise , the film's extensive discussion of the problem seems , at best , superfluous .
We might say , ' Dr .
Lady Elliot had been an excellent woman , sensible and amiable ; whose judgement and conduct , if they might be pardoned the youthful infatuation which made her Lady Elliot , had never required indulgence afterwards .-- She had humoured , or softened , or concealed his failings , and promoted his real respectability for seventeen years ; and though not the very happiest being in the world herself , had found enough in her duties , her friends , and her children , to attach her to life , and make it no matter of indifference to her when she was called on to quit them .
But this time , Antonia 's mother had rung to ask whether Antonia might stay at the Jardines ' . 
Of such a letter , Death himself might well have been the post - boy .
Secondly , he decided the case on the basis that the bank was innocent of any knowledge that there might have been undue influence exercised by the husband upon the wife . 
But , allowing that he could , he might just about have been able to drive the car to Exeter Sunday night .
" You might transpose the words anywhere .
He was very tanned -- big hands might have torn him from a Coca-Cola poster .
Have you reckon ' d that the landscape took substance and form that it might be painted in a picture ?
The fact that the loan losses of the banks remain heavy will force the Norwegian government to agree to the merger which otherwise might not square with its normally tough monopoly considerations . 
1 : 7 The same came for a witness , to bear witness of the Light , that all men through him might believe .
Finally , as time began to run out , he headed into Ormoc and glide-bombed a group of houses that Intelligence had thought might contain Japanese supplies .
These shapes might have been mad , but there was no telling .
By an unfortunate twist of fate , Sunderland were to experience the full might of the cousins playing in the same team .
`` There might be ways of staging different export decisions depending on the type of country you 're dealing with .
49 : 3 Reuben , thou art my firstborn , my might , and the beginning of my strength , the excellency of dignity , and the excellency of power : 49 : 4 Unstable as water , thou shalt not excel ; because thou wentest up to thy father ' s bed ; then defiledst thou it : he went up to my couch .
9 : 20 And unto the Jews I became as a Jew , that I might gain the Jews ; to them that are under the law , as under the law , that I might gain them that are under the law ; 9 : 21 To them that are without law , as without law , ( being not without law to God , but under the law to Christ ,) that I might gain them that are without law .
Aught , aught of mightiest , best I see , conceive , or know , ( To break the stagnant tie -- thee , thee to free , O soul ,) Be thou my God .
Whatever Lucy might think about it herself , you know , it was no business of other people to set it down for certain ."
The cook might well be careworn , for cookery was the Major ' s hobby .
A minor is subject to tax on his own earnings even though his parent may , under local law , have the right to them and might actually have received the money .
Harriet Smith might think herself not unworthy of being peculiarly , exclusively , passionately loved by Mr . Knightley .
The International Criminal Court warned that authorities might intercept any aircraft linked to the suspected plot to shield Seif Islam Kadafi from facing war crimes charges pending against him .
At any rate -- though indeed such a test at such a time might be deceptive -- spoutings might be discovered from our low boat that seemed playing up almost from the rim of the horizon .
34 : 23 And she answered them , Thus saith the LORD God of Israel , Tell ye the man that sent you to me , 34 : 24 Thus saith the LORD , Behold , I will bring evil upon this place , and upon the inhabitants thereof , even all the curses that are written in the book which they have read before the king of Judah : 34 : 25 Because they have forsaken me , and have burned incense unto other gods , that they might provoke me to anger with all the works of their hands ; therefore my wrath shall be poured out upon this place , and shall not be quenched .
Fearful of punitive damages , companies will avoid doing anything that might later be seen as an admission of guilt . 
His dark navy-blue suit lay on the bed , as a man might lie , sleeves folded , legs neatly together . 
The lost life - buoy was now to be replaced ; Starbuck was directed to see to it ; but as no cask of sufficient lightness could be found , and as in the feverish eagerness of what seemed the approaching crisis of the voyage , all hands were impatient of any toil but what was directly connected with its final end , whatever that might prove to be ; therefore , they were going to leave the ship ' s stern unprovided with a buoy , when by certain strange signs and inuendoes Queequeg hinted a hint concerning his coffin .
THE gentlemanly art of boxing has clouted so many expressions into common usage that it might be time to ` throw in the towel " . 
Besides , I thought it might sting you into giving me something on the Mallenders . 
I am sure , rather than run the risk of hurting Mr . and Mrs . Cole , you would stay a little longer than you might wish .
As to the sad catastrophe itself , it could be canvassed only in one style by a couple of steady , sensible women , whose judgements had to work on ascertained events ; and it was perfectly decided that it had been the consequence of much thoughtlessness and much imprudence ; that its effects were most alarming , and that it was frightful to think , how long Miss Musgrove ' s recovery might yet be doubtful , and how liable she would still remain to suffer from the concussion hereafter !
" Mrs . Theresa Tattle might say so ," replied Sophy , calmly ; " but I do not perceive the reason , brother , why drawing should prevent me from learning how to make a pudding ."
such delightful proofs of Hartfield ' s attraction , as those sort of visits conveyed , might shortly be over .
But I could not reason so to a man in love , and was willing to trust to there being no harm in her , to her having that sort of disposition , which , in good hands , like his , might be easily led aright and turn out very well .
But Jehu did it in subtilty , to the intent that he might destroy the worshippers of Baal .
Children may be in fear or worried about what teacher or parent might say . 
Sitting where he was , a bullet fired into the back of his neck might pass through and embed itself somewhere in the brickwork above the stove . 
Although refrigeration has served to extend the storage life of these products , substantially increased consumption might be possible if areas remote from the seacoast could be served adequately .
4 : 37 And because he loved thy fathers , therefore he chose their seed after them , and brought thee out in his sight with his mighty power out of Egypt ; 4 : 38 To drive out nations from before thee greater and mightier than thou art , to bring thee in , to give thee their land for an inheritance , as it is this day .
She might have expected him to be frozen with embarrassment ; she would n't have been astonished had he become aroused and immensely masculine , but all she could sense was diffidence . 
Those that with haste will make a mightie fire , Begin it with weake Strawes .
They might look cool in the pub and strutting around the car park at Ogwen Cottage , but when the chips were down you got wet . 
Now we might have restricted the use of uranium bombs by controlling the sources of uranium because it is found in only a few places in the world .
I might like the idea of becoming an amateur detective . 
You might even call the outer ring the laity and the inner ring the priesthood .
This might happen for some clumps of primordial germ cells are known to form intercellular bridges so that they exist as a syncytium ( fused cells , sharing several nuclei ) . 
The Schneiders might also inform federal officials if they intend to fight extradition to Germany at Thursday 's session .
Moreover , the ship ' s forge was ordered to be hoisted out of its temporary idleness in the hold ; and , to accelerate the affair , the blacksmith was commanded to proceed at once to the forging of whatever iron contrivances might be needed .
He was dressed in a manner Esquire might suggest for the outdoor man's country weekend .
Other soups might be spicy chicken in coconut milk or minced pork and jelly noodles with mushrooms and green vegetables . 
" Patrick was also worried that his mother might send men here , because she knows that this is the only place Patrick could run to . " 
His extreme attention to my mother -- wanting her to sit in the vicarage pew , that she might hear the better , for my mother is a little deaf , you know -- it is not much , but she does not hear quite quick .
Mrs . Dashwood took the house for a twelvemonth ; it was ready furnished , and she might have immediate possession .
That some kind of engagement had subsisted between Willoughby and Marianne she could not doubt , and that Willoughby was weary of it , seemed equally clear ; for however Marianne might still feed her own wishes , SHE could not attribute such behaviour to mistake or misapprehension of any kind .
The Empire 's greatest general and the mightiest Orc Warlord of the age fell upon each other with the fury of ancient enemies .
But once , the mood was on him too deep for common regardings ; and as with heavy , lumber - like pace he was measuring the ship from taffrail to mainmast , Stubb , the old second mate , came up from below , with a certain unassured , deprecating humorousness , hinted that if Captain Ahab was pleased to walk the planks , then , no one could say nay ; but there might be some way of muffling the noise ; hinting something indistinctly and hesitatingly about a globe of tow , and the insertion into it , of the ivory heel .
They say the longer the warranty , the longer customers will automatically return to new-car dealers , which then find non-warranty work that might otherwise go to repair shops .
3 : 14 For this cause I bow my knees unto the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ , 3 : 15 Of whom the whole family in heaven and earth is named , 3 : 16 That he would grant you , according to the riches of his glory , to be strengthened with might by his Spirit in the inner man ; 3 : 17 That Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith ; that ye , being rooted and grounded in love , 3 : 18 May be able to comprehend with all saints what is the breadth , and length , and depth , and height ; 3 : 19 And to know the love of Christ , which passeth knowledge , that ye might be filled with all the fulness of God .
The category of eponyms might be subdivided to add literatonym ( pronounced lit-er-AH-to-nym ) , meaning a word derived from the name of a person or place in literature and mythonym , meaning a literatonym derived from mythology ( Herculean from Hercules , and , less obviously , martial from Mars ) .
3 : 8 This is a faithful saying , and these things I will that thou affirm constantly , that they which have believed in God might be careful to maintain good works .
The victim might have been a crow , a jackdaw , a pigeon , even a pheasant , but it would n't have stood much chance against the peregrine 's talons . 
She might have been unconsciously sucking in the sad poison , while a sharer of his conversation with her friend ; and from the best , the purest of motives , might now be denying herself this visit to Ireland , and resolving to divide herself effectually from him and his connexions by soon beginning her career of laborious duty .
Emma could not forgive her ;-- but as neither provocation nor resentment were discerned by Mr . Knightley , who had been of the party , and had seen only proper attention and pleasing behaviour on each side , he was expressing the next morning , being at Hartfield again on business with Mr . Woodhouse , his approbation of the whole ; not so openly as he might have done had her father been out of the room , but speaking plain enough to be very intelligible to Emma .
" But your father is not going so far ; he is only going to the Crown , quite on the other side of the street , and there are a great many houses ; you might be very much at a loss , and it is a very dirty walk , unless you keep on the footpath ; but my coachman can tell you where you had best cross the street ."
11 : 32 For God hath concluded them all in unbelief , that he might have mercy upon all .
They felt that they were relaxing as much as they could and that any control factors which might be present to prevent response must be on an unconscious level .
She was telling herself that this might just be her reward at the end of a long meaningful search for truth .
" This stroke comforted me somehow , though it might well increase my peril ; but Philip showed none of his usual elation at his own prowess .
His good friend Perry , too , whom he had spoken to on the subject , did not at present recollect any thing of the riddle kind ; but he had desired Perry to be upon the watch , and as he went about so much , something , he thought , might come from that quarter .
If an automobile were approaching him , he would know what was required of him , even though he might not be able to act quickly enough .
In exchange for the recognition of Croatia which would cut off the Croatian Serbs , Milosevic might get Croat blessing for Bosnian Serbs to keep most of the 70 percent of Bosnia they now hold .
2 ' Twas well , O soul --' twas a good preparation you gave me , Now we advance our latent and ampler hunger to fill , Now we go forth to receive what the earth and the sea never gave us , Not through the mighty woods we go , but through the mightier cities , Something for us is pouring now more than Niagara pouring , Torrents of men , ( sources and rills of the Northwest are you indeed inexhaustible ?)
He laid it by his bedside , that he might see it the moment he awoke in the morning .
While the city council suggested that the Legislative Council might perform the review , Mr. Notte said that instead he will take up the matter with Atty. Gen. J. Joseph Nugent to get `` the benefit of his views '' .
Ruth walked through the kitchen and ascended the back stairs , looking neither to right nor left , afraid that her face might give her away . 
There were a lot of young drunks staggering about , too -- most at that noisy and unattractive stage where they might want to be your pal or pick a fight or just throw up on you , so I gave them a wide berth . 
It was her own choice to give the time of their absence to Highbury ; to spend , perhaps , her last months of perfect liberty with those kind relations to whom she was so very dear : and the Campbells , whatever might be their motive or motives , whether single , or double , or treble , gave the arrangement their ready sanction , and said , that they depended more on a few months spent in her native air , for the recovery of her health , than on any thing else .
20 : 12 Moreover also I gave them my sabbaths , to be a sign between me and them , that they might know that I am the LORD that sanctify them .
She might like to take him to St. Peter's .
Or it might have been the absent nephews she addressed , consciously playing with the notion that this was one of the summers of their early years .
Initially the males with slightly longer than average tails might have been fitter than average ; females who preferred to mate with them would have an advantage because they would produce better sons . 
` Let her go , " they might say , ` give her a chance to see the world , after all who is she going to meet round here ? "
At first sight , it might seem obvious that the fewer currencies there are , the better .
Every couple dancing seemed a separate romance ; it might be a fairy dancing with a pillar - box , or a peasant girl dancing with the moon ; but in each case it was , somehow , as absurd as Alice in Wonderland , yet as grave and kind as a love story .
Such personal praise might have struck her , especially as it did not appear to Anne that the freckles were at all lessened .
I suppose we might classify Billy Graham as an old liberal .
Here I took my leave of my learned friends to step out on another path , to which we might give the modern name of Pragmatism , or the thing that works .
While we know that Stevie Wonder is blind , there seems to be a lack of interest in how this might influence and enhance his music . 
Now that you 're becoming familiar with Chinese cooking , you might want to collect the appropriate utensils .
He was the brother of her friends , and he took pains to please her ; and altogether , having seen nobody better ( that must have been his great assistant ) she might not , while she was at Abbey - Mill , find him disagreeable .
Well done ; well hast thou fought The better fight , who single hast maintained Against revolted multitudes the cause Of truth , in word mightier than they in arms ; And for the testimony of truth hast borne Universal reproach , far worse to bear Than violence ; for this was all thy care To stand approved in sight of God , though worlds Judged thee perverse : The easier conquest now Remains thee , aided by this host of friends , Back on thy foes more glorious to return , Than scorned thou didst depart ; and to subdue By force , who reason for their law refuse , Right reason for their law , and for their King Messiah , who by right of merit reigns .
There was also concern that the government might not meet its undertakings on the integration of former guerrillas , particularly in the matter of land distribution . 
That would be even better and more useful to poor women than the vote , desirable though that might be . " 
It would be a great comfort to Mr . Weston , as he grew older -- and even Mr . Weston might be growing older ten years hence -- to have his fireside enlivened by the sports and the nonsense , the freaks and the fancies of a child never banished from home ; and Mrs . Weston -- no one could doubt that a daughter would be most to her ; and it would be quite a pity that any one who so well knew how to teach , should not have their powers in exercise again .
12 : 14 Then the Pharisees went out , and held a council against him , how they might destroy him .
One Middlesbrough cinema manager , worried that the title might baffle or mislead his patrons , added a handwritten ` Gold Diggers " to it on the display bills supplied . 
So small is this world , and so insignificant are its participants , that detailed attention might be considered unnecessary .
It had suddenly struck her that he was a stranger in the town , and might have nowhere to go .
You might start with mountains carpeted in heather overlooking valleys and sparkling streams , lush meadows and forests . 
Thus might some fretful merchant have ventured through the medieval forest , nerves braced for the sudden twang of bow strings , the murderous rush from ditch or thicket .
In spite of his being allowed once more to live , however , he did not feel the continuance of his existence secure , till he had revealed his present engagement ; for the publication of that circumstance , he feared , might give a sudden turn to his constitution , and carry him off as rapidly as before .
In this connection , it might be noted that the theory of games was a mathematical discovery long before its uses in political science were exploited .
" You take after your father , liking sex , " she 'd say in the regretful tone you might use for a hereditary disease .
A nice crunchy gravel path might suit your garden , but it will involve you in a little more maintenance than most other types of path . 
Had the batsman not ducked , the ball might have struck him in the solar plexus . 
she was going to exclaim ; but she presently found that it was a family of old friends , who were coming , like herself , by particular desire , to help Mr . Weston ' s judgment ; and they were so very closely followed by another carriage of cousins , who had been entreated to come early with the same distinguishing earnestness , on the same errand , that it seemed as if half the company might soon be collected together for the purpose of preparatory inspection .
For example , the management of a retail chain specialising in inexpensive furniture might well decide that the goal of quality is not its first priority . 
This , no doubt , is part of what Gilbert Seldes implies when he says of the arts , `` They give form and meaning to life which might otherwise seem shapeless and without sense '' .
However , he then fails to follow through his rather important point to the logical conclusion of considering how it might at least explain those many instances where outstanding originality and insanity have been found to co-exist . 
Do you not think these men might choose the black flag here and now '' ? ?
Lady Russell could not hear the door - bell without feeling that it might be his herald ; nor could Anne return from any stroll of solitary indulgence in her father ' s grounds , or any visit of charity in the village , without wondering whether she might see him or hear of him .
Rusty Hilbert and his family were trapped in Fort Walton Beach after deciding too late they might need to evacuate .
It was said that the Hetman plotted to take over the entire Hearst newspaper empire one day by means of various coups : the destruction of editors who tried to halt his course , the unfrocking of publishers whose mistakes of judgment might be magnified in secret reports to Mr. Hearst .
One interpretation for the lack of overall relationship might be that the laboratory simulation was not actually successful in producing levels of subjective risk of the same magnitude as those experienced by drivers in the first study . 
19 : 24 They said therefore among themselves , Let us not rend it , but cast lots for it , whose it shall be : that the scripture might be fulfilled , which saith , They parted my raiment among them , and for my vesture they did cast lots .
In the first hour after finding her dress and necklace he might have been prepared to accept a rational explanation -- or even a bemused denial of involvement . 
I 'm listening to Consonant right now , but I might have to crank some Stereolab in a bit ( 'cause that 's about as close as I can get to krautrock with the CDs I have at work ) .
Such a system , as he saw , minimized the differences which might otherwise be drawn between distant and close kin . 
13 : 34 All these things spake Jesus unto the multitude in parables ; and without a parable spake he not unto them : 13 : 35 That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophet , saying , I will open my mouth in parables ; I will utter things which have been kept secret from the foundation of the world .
78 : 8 And might not be as their fathers , a stubborn and rebellious generation ; a generation that set not their heart aright , and whose spirit was not stedfast with God .
Over the weekend , a senior British military official warned that Kadafi might be able to hold on if NATO did not escalate the airstrikes .
Implementing the Cockcroft recommendations , however desirable that might be , was seen as difficult .
Nor staid ; but , on the wings of Cherubim Uplifted , in paternal glory rode Far into Chaos , and the world unborn ; For Chaos heard his voice : Him all his train Followed in bright procession , to behold Creation , and the wonders of his might .
Since the company under review is supplying what we are here regarding as only one kind of service , we might suppose that the problem of total cost apportionment would be very simple ; ;
Lady Russell and Mrs Croft were very well pleased with each other : but the acquaintance which this visit began was fated not to proceed far at present ; for when it was returned , the Crofts announced themselves to be going away for a few weeks , to visit their connexions in the north of the county , and probably might not be at home again before Lady Russell would be removing to Bath .
The dollar was further helped by optimism that Germany 's central bank might cut interest rates during a regularly scheduled meeting of its policy board on Thursday .
What ever she might feel of brighter hope , she betrayed nothing .
The appeals court accepted that the law was ambiguous and that Nofziger might not have known that he was committing an illegal act .
Churchill inspired but also unnerved his listeners at the same time by painting the prospects of the armed struggle in darker and more dramatic tones than might seem necessary or desirable . 
But Mr. Kennedy had become convinced that a personal confrontation with Mr. Khrushchev might be the only way to prevent catastrophe .
That pace is causing some analysts to speculate that the Soviet Union might soon purchase as much as another two million metric tons .
4 : 9 In this was manifested the love of God toward us , because that God sent his only begotten Son into the world , that we might live through him .
Nearly any lad with a modicum of skill might find a payday awaiting him in the Three I League , or the Pony League , or the Coastal Plains League , or the fast Eastern League , if not indeed in one of the hundreds of city leagues that abounded everywhere .
" If I had a blow on the back of my head , I might come to think you a green elephant ," answered MacIan , " but have I not the right to say now , that if I thought that I should think wrong ?"
There was a multitude of small tracks that began promisingly and died to nothing within a few yards , tracks that might be the paths of men or of deer , or wolves , or wild boar . 
31 : 4 Moreover he commanded the people that dwelt in Jerusalem to give the portion of the priests and the Levites , that they might be encouraged in the law of the LORD .
At these terrible words Lawrence burst into tears , and , going to the side of a ditch , sat down and cried for an hour ; and when he had cried till he could cry no more , he exerted himself so far as to empty his pockets , to see whether there might not happen to be one halfpenny left ; and , to his great joy , in the farthest corner of his pocket one halfpenny was found .
They tell us you might sue us if there is something wrong with your copy of this eBook , even if you got it for free from someone other than us , and even if what ' s wrong is not our fault .
" When Frank left us ," continued he , " it was quite uncertain when we might see him again , which makes this day ' s news doubly welcome .
But we were not moved to write about them , possibly because they were so very much themselves , any personal comment of ours might seem an intrusion . 
I cannot remember the time when I did not love Eliza ; and my affection for her , as we grew up , was such , as perhaps , judging from my present forlorn and cheerless gravity , you might think me incapable of having ever felt .
A number of unique medical problems might be created when man is exposed to an infectious agent through the respiratory route rather than by natural portal of entry .
Oakly thought the plum - tree , as it belonged to Mr . Grant , had no right to make its appearance on his ground : an attorney told him that he might oblige Grant to cut it down ; but Mr . Grant refused to cut down his plum - tree at the attorney ' s desire , and the attorney persuaded Oakly to go to law about the business , and the lawsuit went on for some months .
Faxing or telexing a 60-70 page document is a time-consuming and therefore expensive process , and always with that nagging uncertainty that one or two pages might not have transmitted properly . 
If we conclude that state intervention has eroded the theoretical basis of individual rights in certain sectors of society , are other sectors discernible where propositions concerning individual rights might still be valid ? 
Any efforts government might make to improve the economic opportunities of poor people , especially poor black people , are likely to fail , because their poverty is so much the result of inherited low intelligence .
So for children 's fables you might have : 
His reputation as a really nice guy will be assured , amongst two club golfers at least , and he might even get into the pro-am prize money . 
16 : 1 In the six and thirtieth year of the reign of Asa Baasha king of Israel came up against Judah , and built Ramah , to the intent that he might let none go out or come in to Asa king of Judah .
But whatever might be the particulars of their separation , her sister ' s affliction was indubitable ; and she thought with the tenderest compassion of that violent sorrow which Marianne was in all probability not merely giving way to as a relief , but feeding and encouraging as a duty .
It was at this period that I began to think about myself in the third person : Elizabeth is compassionate and considerate , she thinks how other people might feel . 
Only in the case of Cranston did the committee find " substantial credible evidence that provides credible cause " to conclude that he might have engaged in improper conduct . 
But like Czar Peter content to toil in the shipyards of foreign cities , Queequeg disdained no seeming ignominy , if thereby he might happily gain the power of enlightening his untutored countrymen .
You must listen to me , not merely because I know the country , which you might learn by looking at a map , but because I know the people of the country , whom you could not know by living here thirty years .
5 : 18 And when he was come into the ship , he that had been possessed with the devil prayed him that he might be with him .
That was the act of a very , very young man , one too young to consider whether the inconvenience of it might not very much exceed the pleasure .
She was warmly gratified -- and in another moment still more so , by a little movement of more than common friendliness on his part .-- He took her hand ;-- whether she had not herself made the first motion , she could not say -- she might , perhaps , have rather offered it -- but he took her hand , pressed it , and certainly was on the point of carrying it to his lips -- when , from some fancy or other , he suddenly let it go .-- Why he should feel such a scruple , why he should change his mind when it was all but done , she could not perceive .-- He would have judged better , she thought , if he had not stopped .-- The intention , however , was indubitable ; and whether it was that his manners had in general so little gallantry , or however else it happened , but she thought nothing became him more .-- It was with him , of so simple , yet so dignified a nature .-- She could not but recall the attempt with great satisfaction .
Then he moved on , stepping carefully in " his heavy boots as if the floor might have been sown with mines . 
One pitfall is that when an Asean country 's currency strengthen , then there might be some problems .
But , whatever might really be its limits , it was enough , when perceived by his sister , to make her uneasy , and at the same time , ( which was still more common ,) to make her uncivil .
By 1926 , when the mighty Yanks were at their mightiest , only a few of these were left but they still shone brightest , even beside able and agile rookies like Tony Lazzeri ( who managed never to have one of his epileptic fits on the field ) , Mark Koenig , Lou Gehrig , George Pipgras , and gray-thatched Earl Combs .
Plumber 's snakes can be hired , though might be a tool worth owning -- you may be able to improvise something from a length of net curtain wire with a hook at the end . 
So he ran toward the village crying out , with all his might ,--
Elizabeth was certainly very handsome , with well - bred , elegant manners , and her character might never have been penetrated by Mr Elliot , knowing her but in public , and when very young himself .
Even if the Congress -LRB- I -RRB- retains control of the government , Mr. Gandhi 's ability to push through major initiatives might be hobbled by a thinner majority .
This price might initially appear uncompetitive , but may be justified in the market place by additions to the features associated with the product such that consumers perceive the product to be effectively differentiated from the alternatives available . 
We'll still have the rifle , and I might be able to round up some more .
5 : 19 And when they could not find by what way they might bring him in because of the multitude , they went upon the housetop , and let him down through the tiling with his couch into the midst before Jesus .
She might just be the key to what I 'm looking for ? "
And while Jo 's able to shrug off the speculation , she can understand why Craig , who 's just as down-to-earth , might shun the limelight . 
13 : 8 And David and all Israel played before God with all their might , and with singing , and with harps , and with psalteries , and with timbrels , and with cymbals , and with trumpets .
1 : 1 Forasmuch as many have taken in hand to set forth in order a declaration of those things which are most surely believed among us , 1 : 2 Even as they delivered them unto us , which from the beginning were eyewitnesses , and ministers of the word ; 1 : 3 It seemed good to me also , having had perfect understanding of all things from the very first , to write unto thee in order , most excellent Theophilus , 1 : 4 That thou mightest know the certainty of those things , wherein thou hast been instructed .
The children might have made a collection of shiny things or things made of metal , and be invited to think of things that they use at home which are shiny or made of metal . 
Also , it's just possible she might know something about Mrs. Gilborn '' .
These celebratory fanfares do n't sound as though they might just be heralding the very advent of Slavonic culture .
On many nights those passing by his little back garden might hear his high , didactic voice laying down the law to men and particularly to women .
He ended ; and his words , replete with guile , Into her heart too easy entrance won : Fixed on the fruit she gazed , which to behold Might tempt alone ; and in her ears the sound Yet rung of his persuasive words , impregned With reason , to her seeming , and with truth : Mean while the hour of noon drew on , and waked An eager appetite , raised by the smell So savoury of that fruit , which with desire , Inclinable now grown to touch or taste , Solicited her longing eye ; yet first Pausing a while , thus to herself she mused .
He might be only passing through .
4 : 12 Now when Jesus had heard that John was cast into prison , he departed into Galilee ; 4 : 13 And leaving Nazareth , he came and dwelt in Capernaum , which is upon the sea coast , in the borders of Zabulon and Nephthalim : 4 : 14 That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by Esaias the prophet , saying , 4 : 15 The land of Zabulon , and the land of Nephthalim , by the way of the sea , beyond Jordan , Galilee of the Gentiles ; 4 : 16 The people which sat in darkness saw great light ; and to them which sat in the region and shadow of death light is sprung up .
6 : 17 And a stone was brought , and laid upon the mouth of the den ; and the king sealed it with his own signet , and with the signet of his lords ; that the purpose might not be changed concerning Daniel .
But He set a bound to his ( state of ) sin , by interposing death , and thus causing sin to cease , putting an end to it by the dissolution of the flesh , which should take place in the earth , so that man , ceasing at length to live in sin , and dying to it , might live to God '' .
51 : 4 Against thee , thee only , have I sinned , and done this evil in thy sight : that thou mightest be justified when thou speakest , and be clear when thou judgest .
As reported in the proceedings of the institute , this was followed by some comments on river maintenance which might have been made only yesterday. : 
He was a massive elderly man with a boiled blue eye and faded grey - sandy moustaches ; but for his heavy stoop he might have been a colonel .
These arguments are attractive , and might well justify private property in personal possessions , and also such productive assets as may be needed for the satisfactory fulfillment of an individual 's human potential .
He might even suppose the planets to move at infinity .
It was of that innocent lonely yellow which has never heard of orange , though it might turn quite unconsciously into green .
If the ` host " had been the Imam of the Yemen , some filthy prison might have been his lot . 
The Tsar wavered briefly and then , urged by Stolypin and others to stand firm , he rejected any step which might lead to parliamentary government and dissolved the First Duma .
3 : 17 For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world ; but that the world through him might be saved .
` It might be better though , my lady , if you were not to wander the open Dale with such a small escort . 
Sports reporting certainly had its difficulties for the live commentator , who might be held up to ridicule for a lapse of sense or grammar in the heat of the moment . 
When surplus land is not expensive to buy or to keep up , it is usually better to buy it than to buy so small an acreage that the development of adjoining properties might impair the residential value of the farm .
Nursing a hunch that Kembel , avoided by all other space traffic , might be the Dalek 's base , Cory chartered Lowery 's vessel for this exploratory trip . 
This topic is examined in the next chapter , along with important questions of how production can , and how it might best be , funded in such circumstances . 
No , sure she 'd no notion where to find him , but he might ring the house in an hour or so , to see if there were any messages . 
Everybody in the world today might as well make up their minds to march with freedom or freedom is going to march over them '' .
' You might just as well say ,' added the March Hare , ' that " I like what I get " is the same thing as " I get what I like "!'
" But he might be out ."
She thought it could scarcely escape him to feel that a persuadable temper might sometimes be as much in favour of happiness as a very resolute character .
I fled , however , not from what might have been the natural fear of being unable to disguise from you that the things about my bridegroom -- in the sense you meant the word `` things '' -- which you had been galvanizing yourself to tell me as a painful part of your maternal duty were things which I had already insisted upon finding out for myself ( despite , I may now say , the unspeakable awkwardness of making the discovery on principle , yes , on principle , and in cold blood ) because I was resolved , as a modern woman , not to be a mollycoddle waiting for Life but to seize Life by the throat .
Her manners gave some re - assurance to Edward , and he had courage enough to sit down ; but his embarrassment still exceeded that of the ladies in a proportion , which the case rendered reasonable , though his sex might make it rare ; for his heart had not the indifference of Lucy ' s , nor could his conscience have quite the ease of Elinor ' s .
Your father might have asked us to dinner , I think , if he had wanted to see us .
Half and hour ' s solitude and reflection might have tranquillized her ; but the ten minutes only which now passed before she was interrupted , with all the restraints of her situation , could do nothing towards tranquillity .
Admiration seized All Heaven , what this might mean , and whither tend , Wondering ; but soon th ' Almighty thus replied .
In 1966 the applicant was appointed as a lecturer to the university by a letter stating , inter alia , that his appointment might be terminated by either party giving three months ' notice in writing . 
Falwell on a different matter , the future of Jerusalem , but I thought I might just slip this question -- the one about me maybe being the Antichrist -- into the stream of the interview .
let me just murmur , And do you wait a moment you husky - nois ' d sea , For somewhere I believe I heard my mate responding to me , So faint , I must be still , be still to listen , But not altogether still , for then she might not come immediately to me .
Mr Patten even mused that the Conservative Party might set up a think-tank on the lines of Germany 's Konrad Adenauer Stiftung , the research arm of the governing Christian Democrats . 
Political honours are either an almost contemptuous gesture towards those who have kept silent when their consciences might have told them to vote against a government bill , or a reward for money or advice . 
" Since I know this , then it might be that … " is the kind of thinking involved , and it represents a more positive and adventurous mental behaviour than that of comprehension …
And what are the constraints on possible perceptions : for instance , is it in principle possible that a creature able to perceive the motion of an individual object might be able to perceive the object 's shape ? 
The frequently postulated antique worry that the daylight hours might dwindle to complete darkness apparently gave rise to a ritual and celebration which we still recognize .
how snug they might live in such another cottage as yours -- or a little bigger -- with two maids , and two men ; and I believe I could help them to a housemaid , for my Betty has a sister out of place , that would fit them exactly ."
said Edward , willing to say any thing that might introduce another subject .
A hypothetical issue of this sort might deal with the establishment of a free public junior college in a community where there already was a good private college which served the middle-class youth adequately but was too expensive for working-class youth .
One might guess twenty things without guessing exactly the right ; but I am sure there must be a particular cause for her chusing to come to Highbury instead of going with the Campbells to Ireland .
Imputest thou that to my default , or will Of wandering , as thou callest it , which who knows But might as ill have happened thou being by , Or to thyself perhaps ?
Is a defendant who fails even to consider that a woman might not be consenting still to be acquitted if he takes her consent for granted ? 
He rejects as mistaken the notion that the study of other religions might undermine or weaken a believer 's faith in his own religion .
As a result , ever since 1851 when the Senate restaurant opened in the new wing of the Capitol Building , the senators have never ceased to grumble about the food -- even while they opposed every move that might improve it .
I have good reason to think -- indeed I have it from the best authority , or I should not repeat it , for otherwise it would be very wrong to say any thing about it -- but I have it from the very best authority -- not that I ever precisely heard Mrs . Ferrars say it herself -- but her daughter DID , and I have it from her -- That in short , whatever objections there might be against a certain -- a certain connection -- you understand me -- it would have been far preferable to her , it would not have given her half the vexation that THIS does .
One would expect that a certain amount of common sense be exercised : Palm Drive and Bougainvillea Boulevard would be as out of place in Massachusetts as Yucca Lane ; with the devastation wrought by Dutch elm disease , one might consider renaming all the streets in America named Elm Street to describe a hardier species .
This might include shifting the burden of proof so that defendants have to satisfy the jury that they were sure they were not trading on illicit information .
However , although the availability of new and more contemporary data generates much activity , interest , and publishable analyses , it might not cast much more light on the resource allocation problem for the reasons outlined above . 
So that , in real truth , the mates and harpooneers of the Pequod might more properly be said to have lived out of the cabin than in it .
It didn't take us as long as we'd thought it might ; ;
A red-tailed hawk flew in behind them and stayed there , watching for any snakes or rabbits that they might stir up from the side of the road .
Wilson made her own little calendar on a sheet of brown wrapping paper and wrote the numbers of each day large so that Pilade might learn them . 
A man of vaulting ambition , with one eye on the mayorship of Los Angeles , nothing ever escaped him which might possibly lead to personal publicity .
Breeding might move up
I could suppose she might in time -- but can she already ?-- Did not you misunderstand him ?-- You were both talking of other things ; of business , shows of cattle , or new drills -- and might not you , in the confusion of so many subjects , mistake him ?-- It was not Harriet ' s hand that he was certain of -- it was the dimensions of some famous ox ."
Dreading to think what the stuff on her face might be , she clawed at it with trembling fingers , trying to interpret the strong odour in the turquoise air around her . 
She rushed to tell me , fearing that I might be upset . 
He felt certain for the first time in his teaching experience that the men in the class understood that orgasm , as a criterion , is not nearly so essential for a satisfying female sexual experience as most males might think .
Closing my eyes , thinking that it might be either the sun or the Pernod , I waited a few seconds and chanced another look . 
Although this is also true , we might not be surprised if the judge interrupted this witness and accused her of being facetious , or told her not to waste time . 
It might seem a little crazy to move house rather than decorate the kitchen , and then finish up taking on an almost derelict house instead . 
If only Dan Quayle had been able to grasp it , he might have used it to great advantage in this year 's presidential race .
16 : 33 These things I have spoken unto you , that in me ye might have peace .
10 : 6 Forasmuch as there is none like unto thee , O LORD ; thou art great , and thy name is great in might .
Toss had decided to stay the night at Geoffrey 's place because he considered that the watchers might smell a rat if he emerged with his pram only half an hour after entering . 
I might kick him for my football this half hour before I should get him awake .
" Why , to own the truth ," cried Miss Bates , who had been trying in vain to be heard the last two minutes , " if I must speak on this subject , there is no denying that Mr . Frank Churchill might have -- I do not mean to say that he did not dream it -- I am sure I have sometimes the oddest dreams in the world -- but if I am questioned about it , I must acknowledge that there was such an idea last spring ; for Mrs . Perry herself mentioned it to my mother , and the Coles knew of it as well as ourselves -- but it was quite a secret , known to nobody else , and only thought of about three days .
All across the South there are signs that racial violence is finding less approval among whites who themselves would never take active part but might once have shown a tolerant attitude toward it .
that they might accuse him .
I merely say that I think the question might be expected to interest your readers , but I am by no means confident that they will care much about the matter . 
Might not that line through the ship be one of those parti - per - pale lines , indented , I think they call it ?
A pestilent conceit , which so often will insist upon obtruding even when beholding the mightiest royal beadle on his throne .
Identity and participation in his teaching we might say , are like two sides of a coin or a smooth metallic disc ; it is difficult to say which is the obverse and which the reverse . 
` Once you start taking people from poor families you might well be tempted to concentrate just on them , and in the end you wo n't be taking anyone from the streets at all . " 
They might very likely have thrown their captors right and left had they been inclined to resist , but for some nameless reason they were more inclined to laugh .
Was she thinking along the same lines Lucy was -- that it was quite possible Cathy might be left with her for good ? ?
I turned on the device again , half fearful that I might find silence , but the buzzes came in loud and clear .
19 : 38 And after this Joseph of Arimathaea , being a disciple of Jesus , but secretly for fear of the Jews , besought Pilate that he might take away the body of Jesus : and Pilate gave him leave .
However , there is nothing in it to suggest what these fuller disclosures might be . 
A STUDENT barred by police from canoeing over England 's mightiest waterfall has been seriously injured in a daredevil river plunge . 
If the raw population figures are crucially relevant , then it is idle to think of liberation , as idle as to suppose that Poland might liberate Russia .
Now , you might feel that there is a significant difference between a murderer or bank robber and someone who has been wrongfully convicted of murder or bank robbery . 
For example , if I 'm starting college and searching for somewhere to live , I might come up with a dozen possible ideas . 
She had soon afterwards reason to believe that the beginning was already made , and could not but hope that the gipsy , though she had _told_ no fortune , might be proved to have made Harriet ' s .-- About a fortnight after the alarm , they came to a sufficient explanation , and quite undesignedly .
17 : 18 And Abraham said unto God , O that Ishmael might live before thee !
It might have been an opportunity of watching the loves and jealousies of the four -- they were now altogether ; but she could stay for none of it .
If he were to be very alert in engaging Jane Fairfax now , it might augur something .
Thus the two black glasses that encased his eyes might really have been black cavities in his skull , making him look like a death ' s - head .
When I speculated on one such occasion that the new growth , like other mutations , might be unable to propagate , I was immediately accused of preaching racial prejudice .
" What spermacetti is , men might justly doubt , since the learned Hosmannus in his work of thirty years , saith plainly , Nescio quid sit ."
Family privacy was also increased by the provision of back stairs , so that the master of the house on his main stairway might not meet his ` last night 's faeces coming down them " .
thought Alice ; ' I might as well be at school at once .'
The anti-smoking campaigner -- who played JR -- wrote to the former premier to say many Americans were dismayed that she might become a consultant . 
5 : 2 And ye are puffed up , and have not rather mourned , that he that hath done this deed might be taken away from among you .
Edward was now fixed at the cottage at least for a week ;-- for whatever other claims might be made on him , it was impossible that less than a week should be given up to the enjoyment of Elinor ' s company , or suffice to say half that was to be said of the past , the present , and the future ;-- for though a very few hours spent in the hard labor of incessant talking will despatch more subjects than can really be in common between any two rational creatures , yet with lovers it is different .
8 : 9 Thus saith the LORD of hosts ; Let your hands be strong , ye that hear in these days these words by the mouth of the prophets , which were in the day that the foundation of the house of the LORD of hosts was laid , that the temple might be built .
If the Maronites had taken a similar path , perhaps seeking a confederated state within a Greater Lebanon , the catastrophe that befell their grandsons might have been averted . 
These indeed Seeme , For they are actions that a man might play : But I haue that Within , which passeth show ; These , but the Trappings , and the Suites of woe
But at any rate he might answer questions .-- How am I to get in ?'
In cooperating toward that objective , OAS might move with the speed and effectiveness demonstrated by the United States .
I ' m sure there ' s a vast many smart beaux in Exeter ; but you know , how could I tell what smart beaux there might be about Norland ; and I was only afraid the Miss Dashwoods might find it dull at Barton , if they had not so many as they used to have .
A Virginia judge a while back cited a Roman jurist to the effect that ten years might be a reasonable length of time for such a change .
He smiled and stuck a large finger with white hairs sprouting on it into his ear as though that might help .
Her hair was the color of those blooms which in seed catalogues are referred to as `` black '' , but since no flower is actually without color contain always a hint of grape or purple or blue -- he wanted to draw the broad patina of hair through his fingers , searching it slowly for a trace of veining which might reveal its true shade beneath the darkness .
In a similar way , a Roman soldier writing from Palestine to his parents in about 4 BC might well have written : ` This is an out-of-the-way dump . 
Its front was windowless , but irregularities in the masonry might be an indication that windows , now blinded , had once looked out upon the street .
Elinor remembered what Robert had told her in Harley Street , of his opinion of what his own mediation in his brother ' s affairs might have done , if applied to in time .
` Were n't you worried when Mr Trueman said that the residents would have to pay more and might n't be able to stay if they became ill ? 
Though the white vapour was still a veil , it was like the gauzy veil of a transformation scene in a pantomime ; for through it there glowed shapeless masses of colour , masses which might be clouds of sunrise or mosaics of gold and crimson , or ladies robed in ruby and emerald draperies .
I don ' t mind being the policeman that might have been .
The light was poor in the Collector 's bedroom and Fleury might not have noticed how red and swollen his face was , had the Collector not presently fallen sideways , rapping his head on the floor . 
Emma was gratified , to observe such a proof in her of strengthened character , and refrained from any allusion that might endanger its maintenance .
"' But as for you , ye carrion rogues ,' turning to the three men in the rigging --' for you , I mean to mince ye up for the try - pots ;' and , seizing a rope , he applied it with all his might to the backs of the two traitors , till they yelled no more , but lifelessly hung their heads sideways , as the two crucified thieves are drawn .
He said the authorities were aware of foreign creditors ' and investors ' concern that the banking data might not be accurate .
Yet after a time I DID say , for at first I was quite overcome -- that if she lived , as I trusted she might , my greatest happiness would lie in promoting their marriage ; and since our arrival , since our delightful security , I have repeated it to him more fully , have given him every encouragement in my power .
How the trampers might have behaved , had the young ladies been more courageous , must be doubtful ; but such an invitation for attack could not be resisted ; and Harriet was soon assailed by half a dozen children , headed by a stout woman and a great boy , all clamorous , and impertinent in look , though not absolutely in word .-- More and more frightened , she immediately promised them money , and taking out her purse , gave them a shilling , and begged them not to want more , or to use her ill .-- She was then able to walk , though but slowly , and was moving away -- but her terror and her purse were too tempting , and she was followed , or rather surrounded , by the whole gang , demanding more .
13 : 11 For as the girdle cleaveth to the loins of a man , so have I caused to cleave unto me the whole house of Israel and the whole house of Judah , saith the LORD ; that they might be unto me for a people , and for a name , and for a praise , and for a glory : but they would not hear .
The commodore , having just tacked in from Pin Mill , says that while he recognises the accomplishment of an ancient mariner there in teaching a grey parrot to recite the complete works of Shakespeare in Urdu , and could see that this might help international relations in some way , he is far from certain this was the sort of thing Mr Major had in mind . 
Finally , although the fall of Madrid at this stage might produce the capitulation of the Republican forces , it would not entail their annihilation . 
All by his own request , also , biscuits were then ranged round the sides within : a flask of fresh water was placed at the head , and a small bag of woody earth scraped up in the hold at the foot ; and a piece of sail - cloth being rolled up for a pillow , Queequeg now entreated to be lifted into his final bed , that he might make trial of its comforts , if any it had .
Him after long debate , irresolute Of thoughts revolved , his final sentence chose Fit vessel , fittest imp of fraud , in whom To enter , and his dark suggestions hide From sharpest sight : for , in the wily snake Whatever sleights , none would suspicious mark , As from his wit and native subtlety Proceeding ; which , in other beasts observed , Doubt might beget of diabolick power Active within , beyond the sense of brute .
Do they have ballads about transporting the two white men dressed as women up to the great watery anaconda to the south , or however they might put it ? 
1 : 6 Then she arose with her daughters in law , that she might return from the country of Moab : for she had heard in the country of Moab how that the LORD had visited his people in giving them bread .
If he could fix that sight , or even begin to do so , he might yet find a way of controlling the thing that had come to haunt him .
They were warned it might fly over the crash site .
'' If it does not test , the government might find it difficult to survive against the strong public reaction . ''
It was not unlikely , she thought , that she might see Mr . Knightley in her way ; or , perhaps , he might come in while she were paying her visit .
I wish it was morning , and that a carriage would come , that I might run up the hill , and try my scotcher ."
And we 're all very worried that we might not be alive for much longer , so we 'll just keep talking , because that 's better than thinking . 
Should we wonder that they might influence some children to think that the real world is all like that ? 
Before the end of September , Emma attended Harriet to church , and saw her hand bestowed on Robert Martin with so complete a satisfaction , as no remembrances , even connected with Mr . Elton as he stood before them , could impair .-- Perhaps , indeed , at that time she scarcely saw Mr . Elton , but as the clergyman whose blessing at the altar might next fall on herself .-- Robert Martin and Harriet Smith , the latest couple engaged of the three , were the first to be married .
24 : 45 Then opened he their understanding , that they might understand the scriptures , 24 : 46 And said unto them , Thus it is written , and thus it behoved Christ to suffer , and to rise from the dead the third day : 24 : 47 And that repentance and remission of sins should be preached in his name among all nations , beginning at Jerusalem .
But other doubt possesses me , lest harm Befall thee severed from me ; for thou knowest What hath been warned us , what malicious foe Envying our happiness , and of his own Despairing , seeks to work us woe and shame By sly assault ; and somewhere nigh at hand Watches , no doubt , with greedy hope to find His wish and best advantage , us asunder ; Hopeless to circumvent us joined , where each To other speedy aid might lend at need : Whether his first design be to withdraw Our fealty from God , or to disturb Conjugal love , than which perhaps no bliss Enjoyed by us excites his envy more ; Or this , or worse , leave not the faithful side That gave thee being , still shades thee , and protects .
14 : 18 I thank my God , I speak with tongues more than ye all : 14 : 19 Yet in the church I had rather speak five words with my understanding , that by my voice I might teach others also , than ten thousand words in an unknown tongue .
From that time to this my religious concern is that I might give effective help to the bringing in of God's kingdom on earth .
Orlick might almost be Magwitch's bogy man come alive , a figure of nemesis from Pip's phantasy of guilt .
6 : 4 And he said , Blessed be the LORD God of Israel , who hath with his hands fulfilled that which he spake with his mouth to my father David , saying , 6 : 5 Since the day that I brought forth my people out of the land of Egypt I chose no city among all the tribes of Israel to build an house in , that my name might be there ; neither chose I any man to be a ruler over my people Israel : 6 : 6 But I have chosen Jerusalem , that my name might be there ; and have chosen David to be over my people Israel .
